
Digital Trends Home > Computing > Intel’s 48-thread, 24-core Xeon superchip… Intel’s 48-thread, 24-core Xeon superchip will cost nearly $9,000 By Mark Coppock — February 9, 2017 3:38 PM Subscribe Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Why it matters to you If you're looking for the utmost in processing power for your server, then Intel has you covered with its new 24-core monster. There is plenty of debate over whether AMD’s Ryzen release represents a real challenge for Intel’s CPU business. Recently leaked information implies that AMD is so confident about Ryzen’s performance that it may not be relying solely on lower prices to combat Intel. That doesn’t mean that Intel doesn’t have any market segments where it can be fully confident of remaining the performance leader. Its Xeon line remains the stuff of servers and other high-performance applications today and Intel fully intends on maintaining its superiority with the new Xeon E7-8894 v4, according to The Tech Report. More: MSI posted the specs of eight upcoming Xeon E3-1200 v6 Series CPUs from Intel On Thursday, the Xeon E7-8890 v3 is Intel’s high-end option, running on the Haswell architecture and offering 18 cores and 32 threads with Hyper-Threading and a thermal design power (TDP rating of 165W). Now, Intel announced the E7-8894 v4, which manages to pack in 24 cores — running 48 threads given its Hyper-Threading support — at 2.4GHz with Turbo Boost up to 3.4GHz, all of it staying within the same 165W TDP as the previous generation. Intel pegs the increase at “3.69 times faster” than the Westmere Xeon E7 8870 and, compared more directly against the E7-8890 v3, performance increases of 25 to 50 percent can be expected. Regardless, the E7-8894 v4 will be a monster when plugged into servers supporting up to eight sockets and 24TB of RAM per node. Of course, Intel’s new performance leader will be a price leader as well, coming in at a hefty $8,898. A fully stocked server with eight CPUs installed and plugging away crunching some serious numbers will, therefore, run more than $71,000 before any other system costs are considered. Intel likely justifies that pricing level given support for all of the usual Xeon goodies such as NetBurst microarchitecture, along with the fact that anyone who needs this kind of performance will be willing to pay for it. For those people, the new chips are expected to be available for purchase in the first quarter of 2017.

Computerworld Intel: Cannonlake will be more than 15 percent faster than Kaby Lake News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Intel: Cannonlake will be more than 15 percent faster than Kaby Lake Intel's upcoming Cannonlake chips will deliver a performance improvement as the company looks to gaming and VR Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 10 February, 2017 05:52 - - - - print email Comments Upgrading CPU performance hasn't been a priority for Intel in many years, but that could be changing. Intel's upcoming Cannonlake chips will deliver a performance improvement of more than 15 percent compared to its Kaby Lake chips, said Venkata Renduchintala, president of the Intel Client and Internet of Things businesses and Systems Architecture Group. Intel didn't provide exact numbers at the company's annual investor day Thursday, but the projection is based on the SysMark benchmark. Detailed performance improvement numbers will emerge over time. The performance improvements from Skylake to Kaby Lake topped out at 15 percent. The CPU performance boost for Cannonlake should be at least that, Intel said. The first Cannonlake chips are scheduled to ship in the second half of this year. The chips -- called 8th-generation chips on an Intel slide -- could include Core i7 chips. Intel showed a Cannonlake chip at CES. The chip will be the first made on Intel's 10-nanometer process, which will deliver a substantial reduction in power consumption, Renduchintala said. Intel may be trying to catch up with AMD, which is boasting a 40 percent performance improvement for its upcoming Ryzen chips. Ryzen's numbers are based on IPC (instructions per cycle), an important performance metric. The benefit of high-performance PC chips isn't lost on Intel. The gaming market is exploding, especially eSports, and demand for high-performance Core i7 chips skyrocketed last year, Renduchintala said. As markets like virtual reality heat up, buyers will be motivated to upgrade to Core i7 chips from Core i3 chips. The Core i7 chips today are up to 36 percent faster than Core i3 chips, Renduchintala said. Chipmakers in past years focused on increasing performance by raising the clock frequency. But that made chips power hungry, and their focus shifted to adding cores, which boosted performance but also added battery life to laptops. Then the focus turned to integrating technologies like graphics and I/O buses inside processors. Gaming and virtual reality have brought a focus back to raw CPU performance. There's a limited scope for growth in the PC market, with gaming and VR being the bright spots, and both right now require high-performance CPUs. Unlike in the past, Intel doesn't want to sell low-margin chips that would ultimately incur a loss. Intel was "disciplined" with its PC business, and the focus was on high-margin products like Core i7 chips. Intel's highest priced PC chip is the Core i7-6950X, which is priced at US$1,723, and it generates a high profit margin for Intel. But Intel will have to contend with AMD, which is coming on strong with Ryzen. Analysts say Ryzen will start off strong in high-end gaming PCs based on the early hype, but then its success will depend on word-of-mouth recommendations. Ryzen's subsequent success in consumer laptops and desktops will depend on PC makers adopting the chip. Demand for 3rd Party ERP Support Soars More from Rimini Street Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags intel More about AMDArchitecture GroupIntelIPCLake Editor's Recommendations NetComm Wireless reaps $28 million windfall from NBN FTTC Dev roles hardest to fill say CIOs Muru-D takes on 'more mature' start-ups with new funding model Australian Bureau of Statistics CIO quits FTTN set to overtake FTTP as NBN rollout continues 'Supersized' start-up hub set for Sydney CBD Web Events Tomorrow's success comes from today's data Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education Data Loss Prevention - Sponsored by Symantec Related Whitepapers Data Storage Experts Tap Global Markets With EMC CloudBoost 7 Habits of the Effective Network Manager SECURITY, DURABILITY AND USABILITY TARGET HP’S FLAGSHIP CONVERTIBLE AT BUSINESS USERS 7 Ways Link-Solutions Empowers Network Pros to Work Faster and Smarter Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Intel works on next-generation Optane SSD, memory technologies Dev roles hardest to fill say CIOs ​Cyber espionage poses very real risk to critical infrastructure CSO Online In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Booted up in 1993, this server still runs -- but not for much longer Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
OregonLive.com Menu Home News by Topic News by Location Sports High School Sports Entertainment/Lifestyle Eat, Drink, Cook Opinion Real Estate Obituaries Jobs Autos Classifieds Connect With Us Extras Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Trending Politics Watchdog Education Environment Health Business Video Photos Marijuana Diversity Traffic Interactive Maps & Charts Columnists/Voice Back to Main Menu Politics Home My Government Back to Main Menu Education Home My Schools Back to Main Menu Business News Home Real Estate News It's Only Money Oregon & the Economy Playbooks & Profits Silicon Forest Window Shop Business Public Blog Back to Main Menu Steve Duin Samantha Swindler Tom Hallman Jr. Mark Katches John Canzano Kristi Turnquist Grant Butler Jessica Greif Teresa Mahoney Dave Killen Back to Main Menu Portland Pacific Northwest Multnomah County Washington County Clackamas County Clark County Oregon U.S./World Back to Main Menu Oregon Sports John Canzano Ducks Beavers Blazers Pilots Thorns Timbers Vikings NFL NBA MLB Recruiting News Sports on TV More Sports Back to Main Menu NCAA Pac-12 Hops Track & Field Winterhawks Back to Main Menu Boys Girls Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Basketball Swimming Wrestling Back to Main Menu Basketball Swimming Dance and Drill Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Back to Main Menu TV Movies Music Best of Living Homes & Gardens Travel & Outdoors Arts & Performance Books Pets Vintage Oregon Events Advice Puzzles & Games Comics Back to Main Menu Cheap Eats Dining Out Portland's Best Restaurants Recipes Cooking Beer Bars Wine Back to Main Menu The Stump Editorials Letters to the Editor My Oregon OpEd Elizabeth Hovde David Sarasohn Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Our Staff Oregonian Plus Members Buy an ad Back to Main Menu Find & Save Local Businesses Living Plus Travel Plus Back to Main Menu The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search OregonLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to OregonLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps comments Intel, moving beyond PCs, seeks explosive growth in new technologies Print Email Mike Rogoway | The Oregonian/OregonLive By Mike Rogoway | The Oregonian/OregonLive The Oregonian Email the author | Follow on Twitter on February 09, 2017 at 2:02 PM, updated February 10, 2017 at 6:36 AM comments Coming off the most eventful year in its history, Intel suggested Thursday that its transformation is ongoing and long-term. With the PC market facing prolonged decline, executives at Intel's annual investor day said the company is depending on explosive growth in new markets or in established industries where it currently has a modest foothold. The company envisions a future enabling self-driving cars, virtual reality and super-fast 5G wireless networks. In pursuit of that goal, Intel pledged to invest billions of dollars in data centers, artificial intelligence and computer networking. "We're in a unique position in time where computing, memory and the requirements for large amounts of data are all converging," Intel chief executive Brian Krzanich said. He was back at corporate headquarters in California for Thursday's meeting, a day after making a surprise visit to the White House to announce a $7 billion investment to open an idle factory in Arizona. If Intel carries off its overhaul, the chipmaker will have remade its business on the fly and profited from the kind of technological change that has rendered other established companies obsolete. "When I look at Intel three years, five years out from now, I do believe the complexion of the company and where they generate their revenue is going to change significantly," said Angelo Zino, equity analyst at S&P Global Market Intelligence. Challenges abound, however, as Intel seeks to reposition itself in markets that haven't yet emerged with technologies it has yet to invent. Intel warned Thursday of slow growth and modestly lower profits over the next few years, weighed down by the struggling PC market. Already, the transition has been painful: Intel eliminated 15,000 jobs in 2016 as it recalibrated in anticipation of the PC market's slide. It moved jobs and spending to new sectors. And Intel warned Thursday that it will be some time before the fruits of its efforts become apparent. The company said it expects sales growth in the low single-digit percentages in each of the next three years, weighed down by continued declines in the PC market. Intel also said operating profits will be modestly lower. Investors weren't pleased: Intel shares slid 2.5 percent Thursday to close at $35.46. Intel's current business consists primarily of two segments: PCs, which supply most of its revenue, and data centers, which deliver half of Intel's operating profits. Intel dominates both markets thanks to its industry leading microprocessors, with succeeding generations of technology crafted by its researchers in Hillsboro. The PC market has been in decline for years, undermined by new mobile devices and the absence of compelling features to prompt consumers and businesses to upgrade their desktops and laptops. And though Intel's data center business grew 8 percent last year, the company had been targeting annual growth of 15 percent. Intel said Thursday its long-term forecast is now a little north of 10 percent. To compensate for those disappointments, Intel said Thursday it expects a huge boost in other markets: wireless technologies, computer memory and the emerging class of connected appliances and equipment called the Internet of Things. Those businesses represented less than 5 percent of Intel's revenues last year. By 2021, though, the company envisions their share of its potential market doubling, tripling or quadrupling. It may be unrealistic to expect those new segments to make up that large a share of Intel's business, Zino said. "Even if you see that double-digit growth pace, it's probably not going to be big enough given the sheer size of Intel that it's going to move the needle," he said. However, Zino said that even with the more modest growth and profit forecasts Intel issued Thursday, the company's data center business is robust and has huge growth potential and by itself could fill the void created by the fading PC market. Indeed, Intel said Thursday that it will start putting the first chips from each new generation of processor technology in data center products. Historically, PCs had been first to get Intel's new chips. "This is a company that is going to be heavily driven and dominated by the data center business," Zino said. At Thursday's meeting, investment analysts pressed Intel on its spending plans and declining profit margins. Krzanich, the CEO, said investors should cheer the company's investments. Intel spends $10 billion or more each year to upgrade factories in Oregon and elsewhere that give the company its lead in computer chip technology. With the PC market ebbing, Krzanich said Intel needs to find new areas where it can capitalize on its enormous investments. "The minute you stop growing," Krzanich said, "you're basically saying over time the likelihood you'll run out of the ability to afford those factories and then that leadership will slowly diminish." -- Mike Rogoway; twitter: @rogoway; 503-294-7699 Inside Silicon Forest About Mike Rogoway Email Mike Rogoway Follow @rogoway Most Read Active Discussions About Us About OregonLive.com Our Journalists Contact the newsroom Join our team Frequently Asked Questions Subscriber Services Advertise with us Subscribe Today The Oregonian Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber Manage your Subscription Delivery Feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment OregonLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Legal Notices Obituaries Videos Weather Sitemap & search Your Regional News Pages Clackamas County Gresham Portland Washington County Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on OregonLive.com Classifieds Jobs Autos Rentals Real Estate Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Local Deals Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram | Tumblr Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. KitGuru The KitGuru System Home News Reviews Gaming Lifestyle Mobile Professional Forum Home / Component / CPU / Intel makes $7 billion investment as it preps Fab 42 for 7nm production Intel makes $7 billion investment as it preps Fab 42 for 7nm production Matthew Wilson 1 day ago CPU, Highlights V This week, Intel has announced its plans to invest $7 billion into its Fab 42 semiconductor factory in the US as it gears up to start working on 7 nanometer technology. Work first began on the Fab 42 factory back in 2011 but construction was paused in 2014. However, with 7nm tech on the horizon, Intel has deemed it time to finish up the building and employ some people to populate it. In Intel’s announcement, CEO Brian Krzanich said that this move should help the US maintain its position “as the global leader” in the semiconductor industry. He also briefly commented that this additional investment should ensure the manufacturing capacity is up to snuff in order to keep Moore’s law going forward. This massive $7 billion investment into this factory also means creating jobs, lots of them. Fab 42 is going to take a few years to complete but it will create an extra 10,000 jobs in Intel’s workforce. KitGuru Says: We will be seeing the arrival of 10nm CPUs from Intel later this year but as always, the company is already setting its sights on the future with preparations now starting for 7nm production in a few years time.  Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags 7nm fab 42 Intel news Previous AMD won’t be releasing Windows 7 drivers for Ryzen Next Retailers appear to be leaking AMD’s Ryzen pricing Check Also EVGA launches new ICX technology for GTX 10-series graphics cards EVGA this week has launched its all new ICX technology, which will serve as an … Polls Which system memory next? Corsair Crucial G.Skill Geil HyperX Patriot Samsung Other View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Archives Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010  Contact Us © Copyright 2017, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,380 Reviews & Articles | 54,057 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets Intel runs scared: Core i7-8700K preparing for AMD Ryzen AMD's new Ryzen R7 1800X might face off with the upcoming Core i7-8700K By: Anthony Garreffa | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: 1 day, 9 hours ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA As I've said in previous articles, Intel is scared of AMD for the first time in a very long time - and now we have even more proof: Intel has already started teasing their next generation Core i7-8000 series processors, led by what I'm sure will turn out to be the Core i7-8700K.     Intel's next shift into the 14nm+ and new architecure will provide a 15% increase over the current generation Core i7-7000 series CPUs, and they should be branded as the Core i3/i5/i7-8000 series, to better fight Ryzen and its flagship R7 1800X processor - and the refreshed Ryzen CPUs that I'm sure we'll see later this year and early 2018.   Intel is planning to launch its new 8000-series processors in the second half of 2017, so we should expect some news about the new CPUs during Computex 2017 in June. Intel is already set to reveal two new CPUs to better fight AMD and its upcoming Ryzen processors, but the news of the Core i7-8000 series is a little surprising... especially this early in the game. Recommended for You Intel's new $7 billion facility to make 7nm chips... Core i7-7700K overclocked to 7.2GHz with liquid helium... Intel's upcoming 10nm-based Cannonlake will combat... Samsung will start producing 7nm chips early 2018 >> NEXT STORY: AMD R7 1700 processor could be priced at just $320 << PREVIOUS STORY: Destiny 2 re-confirmed for 2017 release Related Tags AMD Intel Intel Core i7-8000 series Ryzen R7 1800X Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts iPhone X has wireless charging, and it's about damn time The top For Honor PC deals as we near release Samsung foldable phones might arrive in 2018 HMD's first Nokia-branded phone arrives in Europe WhatsApp now enables two-step verificationView More News Posts Forum Activity Mainboard P9 X79 Pro EATX12V connector burnt Overclock G31M-VS2 ViewSonic's 1440p 165Hz Monitor: Best Gaming Display? MSI GT62VR High-End gaming notebook with GTX 1060 overview Aorus z270x Gaming K7 motherboard problemsView More Forum Posts Press Releases Intel's Fab 42 will target advanced 7 nm technology and create more than 10,000 jobs in Arizona Palit announces the passive GeForce GTX 1050 Ti KalmX Silent graphics card Latest NVIDIA Quadro Pascal GPUs, led by high-end GP100, streamline visualization, simulation and VR workflow Kingston now shipping the HyperX Alloy FPS with Cherry MX Red or Brown switches Cooler Master announces 'Case Mod World Series 2017' with 25th anniversary celebration bonusView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
ITBusiness.ca | Business Advantage Through Technology Follow Us Follow @itbusinessca Like us on FacebookContact Us G+ RSS Search for: Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content ITBusiness.ca Menu CMO Digital HR Mobile Operations Leadership Security Tutorials Finance Sports Blogs Events Videos Slideshows Posts Intel changing the way NFL replays are handled Paolo Del Nibletto @paolocdn Published: February 9th, 2017 Did you check out any of those instant replays on the Fox Sports broadcast of Super Bowl 51? Or were you distracted by the amazing comeback of the New England Patriots who won in overtime despite a 25-point deficit over the Atlanta Falcons. During Super Bowl 51 Intel Corp. showcased its 360-degree replay technology. This 360-degree video technology displays an immersive view for fans. Intel is branding the 360 replay as “Be the Player” and it’s the first time the chip making giant has worked with Fox Sports, the Super Bowl broadcaster, for the big game. The “Be the Player” technology produces plays from a player’s point of view and, according to Intel, allows viewers to fully immerse themselves in the action of the game. What’s unique about this Intel technology is that it captures the 360-degree view with attaching any cameras to the players involved. Take a look at this video from Intel on how the 360-degree view looks from the eyes of a quarterback. Now this 360-degree technic could have come in handy after Julien Edelman’s improbable catch in the late stages of the game where he was surrounded by Falcon defenders; but still managed to pick up the ball – double clutch it – an inch from the ground. The play will go down in NFL history as one of the best catches ever along with David Tyree’s helmet grab in the 2007 Super Bowl. Michael Davies, the senior vice president of Fox Sports’ field and technical operations, said the broadcaster tasked Intel to push the Intel 360 Replay technology to the limit of what it could do, using an array of cameras circling the stadium to synthesize a player’s view on the field. The cameras, backed up by a huge bank of Intel computing power, allow a moment to be recreated in 3D space, so that a ‘virtual camera’ can be placed at the player’s eye line; not unlike how limitless camera views can be created in video games. “From the beginning, seeing and breaking down the play from the player’s point of view is the undiscovered country of sports broadcasting,” Davies said “This broadcast with the Intel enhancements brings the audience down to the viewpoint of the player at the critical decision-making moment. What other choices did he have? Was his sight blocked? It all looks much different from field level, and can assist our announcers in describing what actually happened on the field,” he added.   Post to Twitter Post to Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share with Google+ More Articles U.S. road tests show self-driving cars are getting smarter - and safer Samsung Galaxy S8 likely to lose home button, feature curved screen Posts 360-degree, Fox, Intel, New England Patriots, super bowl, video Related Content Top 5 social media stats from Super Bowl 51 YouTube still a Super Bowl commercial destination for Canadians How to take in the first virtual reality Super Bowl 8 business video facts you need to know, according to Vidyard PageBooks Ayelet Baron – Author, speaker and futurist takes us on a journey to the future of work with an engaging series excerpted from her popular columns in ITBusiness.ca Read More Websites ITWC.ca IT World Canada.com Computer Dealer News.com Direction Informatique.com Publications CSO Digital CanadianCIO Computer Dealer News Computing Canada Community About Us Contact Us Subscribe Social Media Tech Videos Tech News Tech Blogs Tech Slideshows Tech Events CMO Digital Find Follow Produced By: © 2017 ITBusiness.ca
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop Good Gear Guide > News > Intel demotes PCs, giving datacenter chips first c... Intel demotes PCs, giving datacenter chips first crack at new technologies Intel's following the money into higher-margin businesses. Mark Hachman (PC World (US online)) on 10 February, 2017 09:10 0 - - - - print email With Intel’s forecasts projecting the PC could be the smallest moneymaker five years from now, the company has gone “data center first”—giving Intel’s server business first crack at new manufacturing technologies. It’s another sign of massive change within Intel, as the traditional PC business is shoved to the side. In a slide presented during Intel’s investor day on Thursday, the company showed off how the total available market (TAM) for its PC CPU business was just $30 billion or so, less than half that of the data center. The TAM, as its known, projects the maximum available revenue Intel could pull in if it owned the entire market—which won’t happen. It’s an excellent guide to which segments Intel is prioritizing, however: the data center, non-volatile memory like flash and its new Optane, plus mobile communications and various embedded segments.  Intel Intel clearly sees opportunities in anything else but PCs.  Historically, if Intel jumped ahead to a new manufacturing technology, its PC chips would get first crack. Now, Intel’s premium fab lines are reserved for the Xeon and other chips being shipped to cloud providers and the data center. “It’s a big deal,” according to Intel’s data center chief, Diane Bryant. What this means: This is Intel putting its money where its mouth is. Venkata Renduchintala, president of the Intel Client and Internet of Things businesses and Systems Architecture Group, spoke glowingly on Thursday of how the PC business grew revenue as PC shipments declined. (Last week, Kim Stevenson, who was second-in-command, left after six months on the job.) But the cloud and the chips that power them are headed in the opposite direction: up. It may be unfair to characterize funding the PC business as throwing good money after bad, but that’s a bit of what’s going on here. Intel’s priorities: the cloud, not the PC “2016 was probably the biggest year of transition in Intel’s history,” Intel’s chief executive Brian Krzanich said in introducing the company’s investor day, which familiarizes Wall Street with the various components of Intel’s businesses. Intel used to be a fairly simple company: It manufactured chips for the laptop PC, the desktop, as well as for servers. Today, its core microprocessor business is complemented by forays into memory, networking, the Internet of Things, wireless communications, even software. “All of the things we do either produce or require large amounts of data,” Krzanich said. Intel’s always had a strong interest in the server market, and a quick look at Intel’s price list shows why: Desktop Core chips command $300 or so apiece, while a single Xeon chip for servers can be priced up to almost $9,000. That’s paid off in the “data center first” strategy. As part of Krzanich’s restructuring, “each of the functional groups inside of Intel look at their business and their investments and their strategies, in the context of making the data center a priority,” Bryant said. “And that includes being first to launch on a next-generation process technology node, and that’s a big deal.” For what Bryant called the upcoming “10-nm+” node, as well as the 7-nm manufacturing node to follow, Intel’s data center chips will be first on those lines. Historically, it simply wasn’t possible for the Xeon to be first onto the new technology, as Intel couldn’t ship enough chips to justify the cost. The massive size of Xeon chips also meant a higher risk, as the inevitable manufacturing defects of a new process could ruin the finished product. Now, with a modular packaging structure in place, Intel can afford to shift to its data center-first strategy, she said. Cannonlake will offer the usual improvements That doesn’t mean the PC is dead, but it isn’t commanding the lion’s share of attention at Intel anymore.  Intel Intel’s roadmap toward Cannonlake looks like business as usual. Renduchintala opened his presentation by essentially bragging that Intel had raised its operating profits by 30 percent as the PC market declined. Part of that, he said, was thanks to fat-margin Core i7 chips, which hit an all-time high in percentage of Intel's total CPU sales. Renduchintala said he expected that trend to continue. Intel has previously identified virtual reality as a key driver for the industry, and in one VRMark benchmark, the company found that VR performance improved by 36 percent when moving from a Core i3 to a Core i7. Renduchintala didn’t offer much in the way of a PC roadmap, but he did confirm that Intel’s upcoming Cannonlake chips will deliver a performance improvement of more than 15 percent compared to its Kaby Lake chips, based on the Sysmark benchmark.  Intel Intel’s 2017 priorities look beyond the PC, too. Unfortunately, Intel also failed to provide a roadmap for its Optane product, which Intel has said could revolutionize the PC by serving as a lightning-quick source of local storage. Rob Crooke, Intel’s memory chief, said Intel was already working on its first three generations of its Optane technology, and it's apparently shipping to data center customers. But there was no word on pricing for PC customers.  Kraznich, though, spoke glowingly of Optane's desktop future. “Every single gamer is going to want 3D Xpoint,” the technology underlying Optane, he said. “Every single gamer.” Win one of 3x HP OfficeJet Pro 8720 All-in-One Printers this month* More from HP Inc Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags intel Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Mark Hachman PC World (US online) Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Essentials Linksys AC5400 MU-MIMO Gigabit router Learn more > Microsoft L5V-00027 Sculpt Ergonomic Keyboard Desktop Learn more > Everki ContemPRO Roll Top Laptop Backpack Learn more > UE Boom 2 Bluetooth speaker Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive Learn more > Samsung portable 1TB T3 drive Learn more > Smart LED Bulb LB130 Learn more > Epson EcoTank Expression ET-2500 Learn more > Mobile Belkin MIXIT Metallic Lightning to USB Cable Learn more > Logitech G403 Prodigy mouse Learn more > Google Daydream VR headset Learn more > Huawei Mate 9 Learn more > Acer Swift 7 Learn more > Surface Book Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S45 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Lexar® Portable SSD  Learn more > 3SIXT Ultra HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Exec Audio-Technica ATH-ANC70 Noise Cancelling Headphones Learn more > Surface Pro 4 Learn more > Blade 28 backpack by Arc’teryx Learn more > Dell P2715Q Learn more > HD Pan/Tilt Wi-Fi Camera with Night Vision NC450 Learn more > HP Pavilion x360 13” Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1800x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards  Learn more > Dell XPS 13 laptop Learn more > Garmin Fenix Chronos smartwatch Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20c USB Type-C flash drive  Learn more > Dell Inspiron 5000 series 2-in-1 Learn more > Budget Smart Wi-Fi Plug HS110 Learn more > Boost Mobile SIM Learn more > Oppo R9s Learn more > Jabra Sport Pace earbuds Learn more > Evapolar USB air conditioner review Learn more > Samsung 960 EVO M.2 hard drive Learn more > Canon EOS 1300d Learn more > Lifeproof Fre phone case Learn more > Back To Business Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Star Wars Death Star Bluetooth levitating rotating speaker review 2 ​Finally! LG OLED TV 2016 range review 3 ​Fetch TV Mighty review: Better than Foxtel 4 ​Fetch TV Mini review: Make your TV a smart TV 5 ​Panasonic Viera DX900U UHD 4K smart TV review Latest News Articles Valve finally replaces the faulty Steam Greenlight system with Steam Direct PCWorld's February Digital Edition: Intel's Kaby Lake CPU Hands-on: EVGA's sensor-laden iCX technology revolutionizes graphics card cooling How to join the Office Insider program on any platform How to enable WhatsApp's two-step verification Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Michael Hargreaves Dell XPS 13 I’d happily recommend this touchscreen laptop and Windows 10 as a great way to get serious work done at a desk or on the road. Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content The top 10 best and worst tech gadgets and products of 2016 ​Best phone of the year 2016 TV of the year award 2016 Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs CCADABAS Natural DeveloperNSW CCNetwork Security Engineer - Cisco ISEVIC CCReport AnalystQLD FT.Net DeveloperVIC FTFront-End DevOps Developer/Consultant - IT Services - SydneyNSW CCSenior Life 400 DeveloperNSW FTNational Manager of Security - We are looking for a strong Leader - Syd CBDNSW FTDynamics AX Functional Consultant (Sales & Marketing Modules)ACT FTSenior Front End DeveloperVIC CCPMO ManagerNSW CCProject Manager - TelcoVIC CCInfrastructure Business AnalystNSW TPInfrastructure Build EngineerQLD FTMicrosoft Dynamics AX Technical ArchitectQLD CCUser Experience Designer - Part time - Short contractACT TPService Desk ManagerVIC CCTest AnalystQLD CCSAP/ Nakisa Implementation ConsultantQLD CCBusiness AnalystNSW TPDrupal Developer - Immediate startQLD TPIT Sercurity EngineerVIC FTInside Sales ConsultantNSW TPProject Manager to manage two concurrent ProjectsQLD TPSenior IT Business AnalystNSW CCSenior Technical SpecialistNSW Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles Muru-D takes on 'more mature' start-ups with new funding model computerworld.com.au Privacy groups claim FBI hacking operation went too far cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au Banking and securities’ IT spend to hit $14.8B in Australia arnnet.com.au Best Super Bowl ads were humorous, finds facial tracking research cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Don't Miss: CW@50: A look back at Y2K in cartoons 5 new threats to your personal data Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Drive cloning in Windows 10 with free tools The IT-business gap remains 10 ways tech pros can take charge of their professional development Review: Microsoft's Nano Server offers mega advantages More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Windows PCs News Intel works on next-generation Optane SSD, memory technologies The company has started shipping Optane SSDs for use in data centers By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Feb 9, 2017 1:58 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Intel More like this Intel's Optane: What users can expect in PCs and when it will ship Intel ships first Optane memory modules for testing Intel's silence on Optane SSDs raises questions about launch and focus Video Windows 10 Quick Tips: Getting the most from Cortana "Every gamer is going to want to have 3D Xpoint. Every single gamer." Those were words from Intel's CEO Brian Krzanich when updating investors on the company's Optane technology, which the chipmaker believes could ultimately replace SSDs and DRAM in PCs and servers. Intel is now shipping the first-generation Optane but is also working on next-generation technologies as looks to increase density in this new class of storage and memory. Intel says Optane is significantly denser and faster than SSDs and DRAM. It is based on a technology called 3D Xpoint, co-developed with Micron. The chipmaker looks at Optane as the Moore's Law of storage. With future generations, Intel wants to make memory smaller, denser and cheaper, and that's driving the development of Optane. That's good news for users. Initial Optane SSDs may be expensive, but prices will go down as the manufacturing cost-per-bit is driven down. Storage will be faster as Optane will bring data closer to the CPU. Intel has talked about some uses for Optane. Games will run faster, with chapters pre-loaded in Optane SSDs. Optane could also be used for analytics and machine learning, which need to move data in and out of storage faster. Intel's ultimate goal with Optane is to unify memory and storage, but that goal could still be a long time out. [ Further reading: Intel lets slip roadmap for Optane SSDs with 1,000X performance ] Micron is also delivering its own brand of 3D Xpoint products under the QuantX brand. Last week Micron said it is also working on its future 3D Xpoint technologies. Intel's low-capacity Optane will be available for laptops in the second quarter. The company has already started shipping the first Optane DIMMs for testing. The company has also qualified and shipped the first test Optane SSDs to data centers, Rob Crooke, senior vice president and general manager of the Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group at Intel, said during a speech Thursday at the company's investor day meeting. Enterprise SSDs are typically high in capacity. Memory and storage for enterprises based on 3D Xpoint will disrupt DRAM and SSDs in servers, said Diane Bryant, executive vice president and general manager of the Data Center Group at Intel. Intel's projections for Optane in 2017 are modest. Crooke characterized it more as an "investment year," with money being poured into factories and research. The total 2017 revenue will be less than 5 percent of Intel's storage revenue. Storage and memory aren't major revenue generators for Intel, totaling just $816 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. Total Intel revenue for the quarter was $16.4 billion, with a bulk coming from PC and server chip sales. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Windows PCs Data Storage Computer Hardware Prices still climbing for enterprise mobility management software You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Hewlett Packard Enterprise The future of fast: composable infrastructure Popular Resources White Paper 2015 Latin American Mid-Market Enterprise Communications Platforms Growth Excellence Leadership Award Research/Infographic Sponsored 4 Steps to E-Rate Simplification Research/Infographic Sponsored 5 Ways Cloud Changes Everything Video/Webcast Sponsored Best Practices in Managing Digital Media Rights for the Connected World White Paper Big Data, Bad Data, Good Data: The Link Between Information Governance and Big Data Outcomes Go Top Stories Ford to invest $1B in A.I. startup toward self-driving cars Ford plans to invest $1 billion over the next five years in Argo AI, an artificial intelligence startup... Trump eyes end to an H-1B system that favors largest outsourcers The companies most hurt by the random H-1B distribution system are those that submit only a few... Review: Samsung Chromebook Pro brings touch computing up a notch The Samsung Chromebook Pro is a convertible laptop/tablet that comes with an excellent touch display... How to root out bias in your data Analytics is a top priority for savvy CIOs. But if implicit biases are hiding under the surface of your... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in | Register Most commented stories • Rumor: AMD Ryzen CPU lineup leaks with six-core models in tow [150] • Rumor: Ryzen processors might top out at $490 [104] • AMD touts Zen die size advantage at ISSCC [75] • Intel's next Core chips will be built on 14-nm tech again [53] Hot forum threads • Best low profile video cards available (January 2017) • Motherboard/PSU Compatibilty • Need some advice helping select a monitor • Printer suggeestions Single page Print The Tech Report System Guide: February 2017 edition Chilling out in Kaby Lake by Bruno Ferreira  2:45 PM on February 9, 2017 Welcome to the February 2017 edition of The Tech Report System Guide. Since our last Guide, Intel released its Kaby Lake CPUs, and we dutifully reviewed them. Kaby parts make good replacements for the Skylake family before them, even if the generational improvement can be charitably described as "minor." We've also seen AMD teasing more information about the performance of its Ryzen CPUs, which should be hitting stores not too long from now. Our stable of CPU recommendations is still all-Intel, but there's some hope that Ryzen may shake things up a little soon. powered by In the graphics card arena, there's no sign of a cease-fire in the price war between AMD and Nvidia. Graphics cards in the sub-$250 range keep dropping in price, so much so that I've taken to calling early 2017 a golden age for cash-strapped gamers everywhere. Just to give you a rough idea, nearly every card cheaper than an RX 480 8GB can be had for under $200. That means you can get a graphics card capable of driving most games at 2560x1440 with ease for only a couple Benjamins these days. If that doesn't classify as "affordable gaming," we don't know what does. Regret buying that PS4 Pro yet? As for the remaining components that make up a PC, there hasn't been much in the way of new releases. Prices for memory appear to have more-or-less stabilized after the massive climb late last year, offering some breathing room for those looking to build machines with 32GB or even 64GB of RAM. Prices for speedy 3000 MT/s and 3200 MT/s RAM are sticking fairly close to those of 2400 MT/s modules, too. That's led us to recommend the faster memory where we can, especially after our Kaby Lake review revealed that some workloads may be amenable to faster RAM speeds. In the SSD front, prices have risen a little, particularly for the 500GB class of drives. While we don't know exactly what's causing this, our best guess is that users are moving onto 500GB as a baseline capacity, and the usual supply-and-demand market rule is reflecting that. Having said that, prices for Samsung's 960 EVO drives have dropped a little, a move that was likely prompted by Intel's aggressive pricing of its 600p SSDs. We expect the solid-state price wars to heat up on the NVMe front in the coming months. The Tech Report System Guide is sponsored by Newegg. We'll be using links to the site's product pages throughout this guide. You can (and should!) support our work by purchasing the items we recommend using these links. A big thanks to Newegg for their continued support. In the rare cases that Newegg doesn't stock an item we want to recommend, we'll link to other retailers as needed. Despite its sponsorship, Newegg has no input on the components included in the System Guide. Our picks are entirely our own. Rules of the road The System Guide is our list of recommended parts for building a new PC. If you've never built a PC before and want to, that's great. Just be sure to read through our guide to building a PC, or kick back and watch the handy video below, before proceeding. In the following pages, we'll discuss our picks for the critical components that make up a PC, including processors, motherboards, memory, graphics cards, storage, cases, and power supplies. We've picked parts to fit budgets of all sizes, without compromising on quality or performance. Those picks are divided into three categories: budget, sweet spot, and high-end. We'll also make a note of good choices for those readers who are looking to get in to a VR ready system. Our budget picks will get you up and running with solid components that won't break the bank. Stepping up to our sweet spot parts gets you even more bang for your buck. At the high end, we've chosen parts that represent the pinnacle of performance, without falling into the trap of spending money for its own sake. Each part will have a link to a TR review where possible. We also include a notable needs section for each item with any critical information that you need to know before putting together a parts list. Finally, we've put together some sample builds if you have no idea where to start. If you like this article, don't miss the rest of our guide series: our how-to-build-a-PC guide, where we walk readers (and viewers) through the PC assembly process; our mobile staff picks, where we highlight our favorite devices for on-the-go computing; and our peripheral guide, where we pick the best monitors, mice, keyboards, and accessories to make your PC experience even better. Tags: Systems Miscellaneous Previous page | Next page Page 1 - Introduction Page 2 - CPUs Page 3 - Motherboards, Memory Page 4 - Graphics cards Page 5 - Storage Page 6 - Cases, Power supplies Page 7 - Miscellaneous Page 8 - Sample builds Page 9 - The operating system, What's next 40 comments — Last by Airmantharp at 12:28 AM on 02/11/17 Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Steam Greenlight will metamorphose into Steam Direct 25 In the lab: MSI's Trident 3 gaming mini-PC 6 Possible Intel Optane DC P4800X specifications leak 18 EVGA iCX tech offers a complete picture of graphics card temps 8 EKWB's GA Z270X RGB Monoblock lights up your Gigabyte mobo 5 Deals of the week: a relatively affordable GTX 1080 and more 8 Intel's next Core chips will be built on 14-nm tech again 53 NEC's EX341R monitor does double duty as a KVM switch 6 Nvidia fills the Shield Tablet K1 with Nougat 30 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS tipoo "Buffalo" - Jeff Kampman, The Tech Report Odd? I thought that's what enthusiasts spent the last few years screaming at Intel for, processors decoupled... +46 Chrispy_ "Buffalo" - Jeff Kampman, The Tech Report (as per the request from chuckula in t... +45 Voldenuit Saw 'sony' and immediately read that as 'Sony sandwiches DRM into image sensors'... +38 Voldenuit Sizen confirmed. +30 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Trump touts new jobs as Intel resurrects Arizona chip factory Intel's mothballed Fab 42 is back in business to make next-gen chips. CEO Brian Krzanich uses it to endorse White House efforts to boost US manufacturing. Tech Industry by Stephen Shankland February 8, 2017 5:00 PM PST @stshank Enlarge Image Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, left, stands next to President Donald Trump to announce a next-generation chip factory. CBS News Intel chip factories come and go, but one planned for Arizona has assumed new political importance amid President Donald Trump's attempt to enliven US manufacturing. Intel Chief Executive Brian Krzanich stood by Trump in the White House on Wednesday to announce a plan to resuscitate an Arizona chip factory called Fab 42, boasting of the company's manufacturing prowess and criticizing US regulations. His proximity contrasts with many tech companies' displeasure with the new administration. "Intel is very proud of the fact that the majority of our manufacturing is here in the US and the majority of our research and development is here in the US, while over 80 percent of what we sell is sold outside of the US," Krzanich said. "We've been able to do that even while the regulatory and tax policies have disadvantaged us in the past relative to the competition we've had across the world." Trump tweeted his pleasure at Intel's move: "Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS! #AmericaFirst" Although Intel capitalized on the administration's priorities as a way to publicize the factory, that had nothing to do with the company's actual decision. "We're thrilled to have the recognition for the investment and to be able to show people we're investing in the future of innovation in the US, but it wasn't tied to any specific policy or anything the administration did," Intel spokesman William Moss said. "It's driven because we anticipate demand for the factory along the time frame it'll take us to complete." Intel no doubt would like more favorable regulations in the US, but tight ties with Trump can come with a cost. Uber CEO Travis Kalanick resigned from a Trump economic advisory council after customers uninstalled his company's ride-hailing app en masse in part to protest Uber's cooperation. Elon Musk, CEO of electric carmaker Tesla, hasn't resigned despite similar pushback, but he's also offered some resistance to the Trump administration's fondness for fossil fuels. For example, a tweet Wednesday from Musk pointed toward a Wall Street Journal op-ed seeking a carbon tax to cut greenhouse gas emissions. Intel's investment reawakens an old plant. The company announced Fab 42 in 2011 as part of a $5 billion investment plan that would mean 1,000 new jobs, but mothballed it in 2014 because of slumping chip demand. Now it's back on with a $7 billion plan that will mean 3,000 jobs in three or four years, Intel said. Enlarge Image Intel announced Fab 42 in Chandler, Ariz., in 2011, mothballed it in 2014 and is now set to begin manufacturing chips there in 2020 or 2021. Intel At the White House, Krzanich echoed Trump's speaking style to boast of the plan. "This factory will produce the most powerful computer chips on the planet, powering the best computers, the best data centers, autonomous cars -- the most powerful computing devices on the planet," he said. In an email to employees, he also lent his backing to Trump administration policy. "We support the administration's policies to level the global playing field and make US manufacturing competitive worldwide through new regulatory standards and investment policies," he said. But Intel has also joined Google, Facebook, Apple, Microsoft and dozens of other tech companies that objected to Trump's immigration ban. "When we disagree, we don't walk away," Krzanich said in his email. "We believe that we must be part of the conversation to voice our views on key issues such as immigration, H-1B visas and other policies that are essential to innovation." Trump meets Intel CEO about US jobs and manufacturing Intel CEO Brian Krzanich meets with President Trump at the White House and endorses his administration's efforts to boost US manufacturing. 2:21 Close Drag First published Feb. 8, 12:22 p.m. PT. Update, 5:00 p.m. PT: Adds comment from Intel about the timing of the announcement and administration's involvement in the decision. Solving for XX: The industry seeks to overcome outdated ideas about "women in tech." Crowd Control: A crowdsourced science fiction novel written by CNET readers. Share your voice 0 comments Tags US Tech Policy Tech Industry Computers Brian Krzanich Processors Elon Musk Intel Donald Trump US Tech Policy President Trump's decisions will have a long-term impact on Silicon Valley -- and on how all of us use tech. Feb 9 Trump touts new jobs as Intel resurrects Arizona chip factory Feb 8 ​US border agents might want visitors' Facebook passwords Feb 7 Trump's travel ban is 'unlawful,' tech giants tell court Feb 7 Mind-altering? Kanye deletes tweets defending Trump meeting All US Tech Policy Stories More stories Amazon in Australia: Girt by CNET podcast 98 US appeals court won't reinstate Trump's immigration travel ban Not even Donald Trump can save Twitter Unicorn startup Zenefits nearly halves its staff with layoffs Close   Discuss: Trump touts new jobs as Intel resurrects... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Here's why tech has taken over our relationships CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks ENTERPRISE & IT WEARABLES Home> CPUs Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel GPUs CPUs NVIDIA Pascal Kaby Lake Storage SSDs Mobile Home> CPUs Intel to Equip Fab 42 for 7 nm by Anton Shilov on February 9, 2017 4:45 PM EST Posted in CPUs Intel Semiconductors EUV EUVL Fab 42 12 Comments | Add A Comment 12 Comments + Add A Comment Intel this week announced plans to bring its Fab 42 online to produce semiconductors using a 7 nm fabrication process. It will take three to four years, and the move will cost Intel several billions of dollars but will create approximately 3,000 of high-tech jobs in Chandler, Arizona. Unfortunately, Intel did not share details about its 7 nm manufacturing technology at this time. Intel began construction of its Fab 42 back in 2011 with the aim to build the most advanced, high-volume chip production facility in the world. The building was completed in 2013, but instead of moving in equipment to produce chips using 14 nm fabrication process, Intel decided to postpone its completion in early 2014. The site is equipped with heating, air conditioning, and other essential things, but no actual semiconductor manufacturing equipment has been installed. Intel still has no immediate public plans to use the Fab 42 for the production of chips using its 10 nm process technology in the short-term future but has indicated it intends to use it for its 7 nm ICs several years down the road. Intel intends to spend as much as $7 billion to equip Fab 42, but at the moment the company does not share what kind of tools it plans to install. As a result we have no new information about Intel's 7 nm technology. Intel has implied that it could start using extreme ultraviolet (EUV) lithography at 7 nm, but has never committed to the plan. Earlier this year the company said it would invest in a 7 nm pilot line in one of its development sites, but did not elaborate beyond that. One of the things that the CEO of Intel disclosed about the 7 nm in general in his email to employees this week is that it requires “an increasing amount of factory space per wafer.” This possibly means that Intel will insert EUV equipment into the process technology for cirical layers and will continue to use a lot of multipatterning, which increases the diversity requirements for the production tools. Intel believes that when completed, Fab 42 will be the most advanced semiconductor wafer fab in the world that will create 3,000 direct high-tech jobs and 10,000 direct and indirect jobs in total. It should be noted that the semiconductor company will not start to move in equipment into the Fab 42 before it figures out all the peculiarities of the 7 nm manufacturing technology. Once it finalizes the pilot line and is satisfied with the equipment performance, it starts to replicate the line at different sites. Intel said that it will use its 7 nm fabrication process to produce various processors for PCs, data centers and other devices that will be used for AI, automated driving, medical research/treatment as well as other applications. So, as usually, the manufacturing technology will be positioned to make the whole stack of Intel’s products several years from now. Related Reading: Intel Announces Record Quarterly Revenue And Full-Year Revenue For Q4'2016 Intel Compute Card: A Universal Compute Form-Factor for Different Kinds of Devices CES 2017: Intel Press Event Live Blog Source: Intel Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 12 Comments View All Comments Morawka - Thursday, February 09, 2017 - link I wonder if they will use silicon germanium and EUV on their 7nm. i would suspect so since they reserved this site for 7nm. If they were using traditional techniques, they would have probably upgraded existing facilities instead of starting fresh with fab42. Reply Stochastic - Thursday, February 09, 2017 - link The generational gains, both in terms of IPC and load power efficiency, have been minimal since 2012 for Intel. Is there any sign of this changing in the next five years? Or are we just too deep into the diminishing returns curve for Intel's architecture? Reply ddriver - Thursday, February 09, 2017 - link They mostly care about how small they can make the chip to maximize profit. But it is not entirely their fault, process will soon hit a brick wall and come to a stand still. And all the "graphene and nanotubes will revolutionize chips" stuff is nowhere near commercially feasible, nor is the outlook on new process technology optimistic. Reply Stochastic - Friday, February 10, 2017 - link I thought we were past the point where node shrinks decrease per CPU production costs? Reply willis936 - Friday, February 10, 2017 - link I can't think of a reason that would ever be the case. If it takes you $10,000 to make a wafer wouldn't you rather get 120 chips out of it rather than 100? There's always an economic benefit to making it smaller. When it becomes too costly to make it smaller then they'll stop going smaller. I don't think performance drives the technology as much as money. Reply 3DoubleD - Friday, February 10, 2017 - link I think the cost per chip hasn't been falling significantly or at all because the die sizes haven't been decreasing. In the recent i3 K-series review on Anandtech, they showed a plot that demonstrated this perfectly - die sizes are stagnant. YES, you get more transistors and performance with each generation and the cost/transistor or cost/performance drops, but this is because more transistors are crammed into the same area or are utilized more efficiently. With die sizes stagnant, the cost per wafer is stagnant or increasing unless they can increase the wafer size in a profitable way. This comes with its own issues though. Factoring in that the technologies required to produce "7 nm" node wafers are temperamental (EUV) or has reduced throughput (multipatterning), price per wafer (and per die at fixed die sizes) is bound to increase (or have already started to increase). Reply ddriver - Friday, February 10, 2017 - link It is curious that die sizes remain stagnant while at the same time that is also true for performance. It begs the question, if the transistor count increase is nowhere near the modest performance gains we see, what exactly is intel investing those transistors into? Skynet? From the looks of it, we might actually begin to see regressions in terms of efficinecy in upcoming process nodes. All in the name of shrinking things down and cramming more transistors in there. But why? Maybe intel is just bent on keeping moore's nonsensical law alive, which in their interest is about transistor count only, not about performance or any meaningful metric, are they merely cramming more transistors for the sake of keeping the pipe dream of infinite scaling alive, or are they doing something pointless, or even sinister with those transistors? Reply kiers - Thursday, February 09, 2017 - link Does Arizona have the GROUNDWATER to support this kind of Fab in the desert? Reply seerak - Friday, February 10, 2017 - link How much groundwater does a fab need? I don't actually know the answer to that - but that facility is surrounded by several subdivisions with fake lakes, so there's water to be had. Reply paperfist - Friday, February 10, 2017 - link What are those lush green fields to the right of the facility? Reply 1 2 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News NVIDIA Reports Q4 2017 And Fiscal 2017 Results: Record Revenue Intel Confirms 8th Gen Core on 14nm, Data Center First to New Nodes NEC Goes for a Curved Display, Launches 3440×1440 MultiSync EX341R Monitors Intel to Equip Fab 42 for 7 nm Mediatek Announces the P25: A Faster P20 with Support for Dual Camera Semi-Critical Intel Atom C2000 SoC Flaw Discovered, Hardware Fix Required Logitech Launches the BRIO 4K Pro: Its First 4K UHD Webcam with HDR CORSAIR ONE PC Announced Western Digital Announces SanDisk Skyhawk Enterprise NVMe SSDs Palit Announces KalmX: A Passively-Cooled GeForce GTX 1050 Ti Graphics Card NVIDIA Announces Quadro GP100 - Big Pascal Comes to Workstations NVIDIA Announces Quadro P4000, P2000, P1000, P600, & P400 - Finishing the Quadro Pascal Refresh TWEETS ganeshts: RT @tmvn: @Intel. Whoever redesigned the ARK site just made it a lot less usable. More clicks, less info on each page. Clock frequency?… RyanSmithAT: @BrianHinckley @IanCutress Unused screen space isn't something I see as an issue. If a column reads best 100px wide, so be it. Function > * RyanSmithAT: RT @IanCutress: @BrianHinckley I'm with Nico. Sole vert table is 👍; having both horiz+vert is diff to skim. Too much space too, no specific… IanCutress: @BrianHinckley CPU World's layout is good. Easy to read, but tight and simple IanCutress: @BrianHinckley I'm with Nico. Sole vert table is 👍; having both horiz+vert is diff to skim. Too much space too, no specific info jumps out. IanCutress: @AMDFX @pcworld Naples already released? That's a story. Or do they mean announced? https://t.co/XebyZYIXFH IanCutress: @TMFChipFool I've known editors to take iris pro BRIX and use hotel TVs ganeshts: @rory_dowdell Interesting concept, someone might try it, but, volume may not be much. Have not seen many use the dual mirror setup actually IanCutress: @PatrickMoorhead @WSJ Bets it's a base ARM layout? What about modem? In b4 octo A53/T880MP2 at 28nm or A72/A53 + MP8 on 28/16 RyanSmithAT: @RobMitchellXNA No real reliable insight right now, sorry. RyanSmithAT: @chrisheinonen @BrettHowse They have options. Their Ferraris can be either green or black RyanSmithAT: Not unexpected, but it's still a sign of just how difficult it's going to be to get down to 10nm. The days of easy… https://t.co/uNKPjLcWWA ganeshts: @FPiednoel Definitely more compact than the 75" I used :) Thanks for that info on the LG monitor. 4K ones with HDCP 2.2 are rare. ganeshts: @FPiednoel What monitor is that? I am trying to find a more compact alternative to what I used here: https://t.co/Wb2wIfBzZk ganeshts: Any encouragement for municipal broadband? @AjitPaiFCC policies seem anti-consumer, caring only about big businesses & their bottom line Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? We’ve updated our terms. By continuing to use the site and/or by logging into your account, you agree to the Site’s updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Intel CEO gives support for Trump tax policy in company-wide email after White House meeting Eugene Kim Feb. 8, 2017, 4:53 PM 3,812 facebook linkedin twitter email print Intel CEO Brian Krzanich with President TrumpGetty Images/Pool Intel CEO Brian Krzanich showed his support for President Donald Trump's tax and regulatory policies in a company-wide email, following a meeting at the White House with the President on Wednesday. In the email, which was made public by Intel, Krzanich cited the company's "announcement" that it would finish construction on a $7 billion semiconductor factory in Arizona that Intel began building six years ago. Krzanich said the plant was an "investment in our own future," adding he made the announcement at the White House in part to show support for the Trump administration's tax reform policies. "We support the Administration’s policies to level the global playing field and make U.S. manufacturing competitive worldwide through new regulatory standards and investment policies," Krzanich wrote in the email. The email also touts Intel's track record of being one of the top two R&D spenders and top five exporters in the US, despite facing certain tax and regulatory hurdles that make Intel "disadvantaged relative to the rest of the world where we compete." It's unclear exactly which part of Trump's policies Intel supports, but Trump is well-known for having made pro-business promises that would slash corporate tax rates and bring cash incentives to R&D-heavy companies. Krzanich has previously spoken about this in a CNBC interview, in which he made it clear he doesn't support "trade wars" but would welcome lower tax rates and R&D tax credits, among many others. Common ground Kraznich's visit to the White House comes as many of his tech industry peers, including Google CEO Sundar Pichai and Netflix CEO Reed Hastings, are loudly criticizing Trump's immigration policies, such as the recent order suspending immigration from several predominantly Muslim countries. In a statement to Business Insider, Intel's spokesperson said, "It’s more about policies conducive to the kinds of substantial, long-term investments we make...We join other companies in supporting the administration’s pro-business and pro-investment goals, which encourage long-term investments like this one." Despite Silicon Valley's differences with Trump over immigration and other issues, tax and regulatory reform might prove to be an area of common ground. A recent proposal from a group of high-profile tech leaders, including Alphabet executive chairman Eric Schmidt and Qualcomm executive chairman Paul Jacobs, called for stronger policy changes that would protect the US semiconductor industry from outside threats, including Chinese companies. "We strongly recommend a coordinated Federal effort to influence and respond to Chinese industrial policy, strengthen the U.S. business environment for semiconductor investment, and lead partnerships with industry and academia to advance the boundaries of semiconductor innovation," the proposal said. You can read the full email by Krzanich here>> SEE ALSO: Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos's tweets slamming the NY Post has a lot to do with Trump NOW WATCH: People with these personality traits have more and better sex Loading video... More: Intel Trump Tax Reform Brian Krzanich facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Intel CEO gives support for Trump tax policy in company-wide email after White House meeting Intel CEO gives support for Trump tax policy in company-wide email after White House meeting Intel CEO Brian Krzanich showed his support for... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Enterprise Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Intel Intel gives Trump credit for $7bn US factory it announced under Obama Intel’s CEO said the Arizona plant was a response to Trump’s business-friendly policies, but the company announced it in 2011 – and Obama gave a speech there Trump was happy to take credit, calling the Fab 42 plant – which will make state-of-the-art computer chips – a great investment in jobs and innovation. Photograph: UPI / Barcroft Images Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Olivia Solon in San Francisco Thursday 9 February 2017 16.50 EST Last modified on Friday 10 February 2017 11.41 EST This week Intel’s CEO used a meeting with Donald Trump to announce it would invest $7bn in building a factory in Arizona, creating about 3,000 jobs. It seemed like a coup for Trump, who has pledged to bring manufacturing back to the US. In a media-attended Oval Office meeting, Intel’s Brian Krzanich stood next to Trump and declared that the investment was a response to Trump’s business-friendly policies. Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS! #AmericaFirst🇺🇸 pic.twitter.com/76lAiSSQ1l February 8, 2017 “It’s in support of the tax and regulatory policies that we see the administration pushing forward that really make it advantageous to do manufacturing in the US,” he said. Trump was happy to take credit, thanking Krzanich and calling the Fab 42 plant – which will make state-of-the-art computer chips – a great investment in jobs and innovation. However, the semiconductor company had already announced the same factory back in 2011 when Barack Obama was in power. In 2012, Obama made a speech in front of the building, describing it – to a cheering crowd – as an “example of an America that attracts the next generation of good manufacturing jobs”. The construction of Fab 42 was halted in 2014, following a slump in PC sales, but analysts don’t believe Trump is the reason it’s been restarted. Instead, the decision to complete work on the factory is likely to be based on industry pressure to move to more advanced types of chips as demand for smart devices surges. “Now this announcement tonight is probably because of the semiconductor demand we have alluded to in great detail in recent weeks, more than it is about Trumponomics,” Neil Campling, the London-based head of global technology, media and telecom research at Northern Trust Securities, told Bloomberg News. Intel (@intel) Thanks for stopping by today Mr. President! @BarackObama speaking at the #Intel Fab 42 in Chandler, AZ today pic.twitter.com/uaVvb9jQ January 26, 2012 “I call it ‘refried’ news. Intel seems to be selling the same horse twice – first to Obama and now Trump,” said Will Marshall, the president of the Progressive Policy Institute. “It gives them a chance to bask in presidential favor and show patriotic commitment to investing in America and jobs.” I call it ‘refried’ news. Intel seems to be selling the same horse twice – first to Obama and now Trump Will Marshall, Progressive Policy Institute Intel’s pledge comes less than a year after the company revealed restructuring plans that included laying off 12,000 jobs by 2017. Intel is the latest company to use a meeting with Trump, who has threatened to punish companies that shift operations overseas, to promote domestic investments and job-creation plans that were already in place. On the eve of a summit between tech leaders and Trump in December, IBM CEO Ginni Rometty unveiled plans to invest $1bn in the US and hire about 25,000 people in the US over the next four years. The news came in the same year the company announced thousands of layoffs. When Lockheed Martin met with Trump in January, after the president-elect publicly criticized the F-35 fighter jet program for being too expensive, the defence contractor announced the creation of 1,800 jobs. The contractor had previously said it would hire more than 1,000 more workers as production of the F-35 ramped up. Similarly, Trump claimed a victory at a Carrier plant in Indiana after offering the company $7m in tax breaks in order to save 1,100 jobs at a time when the company was moving even more jobs to Mexico. Everything you need to know about Trump and the Indiana Carrier factory Read more “There is a pattern now where he takes credit for corporations allegedly changing decisions to move production offshore or investing here,” Marshall said. “These are symbolic events – kabuki theater ­– to show a person delivering on his promise to fight for American workers. It makes Trump voters think he’s delivering on his promises.” Stanford economics professor Nicholas Bloom said that there is no evidence that manufacturing is returning to the US. “Manufacturing employment was decimated by the great recession with 6 million jobs shredded between 2000 and 2010. Since then about 1 million have come back in a so-so recovery that is now flatlining,” he said. The “PR announcements” are part of the normal ebb and flow of jobs, Bloom explained. Every year, according to census data, around one million manufacturing jobs are created as another million are destroyed. “A bigger long-run issue is the rise of the robots – manufacturing jobs around the world including China are being replaced by robots,” Bloom said. “So Trump trying to stop the inevitable march of technology is his turn at being King Canute – the English king that thought he could command the sea to stop.” This article was updated to note that construction of the Arizona factory announced in 2011 was halted in 2014 due to a slump in PC sales. More news Topics Intel Donald Trump Barack Obama Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Intel Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,380 Reviews & Articles | 54,057 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets Intel's new $7 billion facility to make 7nm chips in US Intel will spend $7 billion to make Fab 42, an extremely advanced chip-making facility centered in Arizona By: Derek Strickland | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: 1 day, 11 hours ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Intel has just announced a massive $7 billion investment to create the "most advanced semiconductor factory in the world" on United States soil.     Intel CEO Brian Krzanich announced the new investment alongside U.S. President Donald Trump, and the deal is expected to be a boon for Intel as well as the United States. Intel's new facility will be called Fab 42, and will push Moore's Law even further by making 7nm chips and processors.   Fab 42 will take three to four years to complete and will create more than 3,000 high-wage jobs for engineers and technicians as well as 10,000 long-term jobs in the facility's central location in Chandler, Arizona. Apart from the benefits provided by President Trump's business incentives, Fab 42 was built to "help the U.S. maintain its position as the global leader in the semiconductor industry."   "Intel's business continues to grow and investment in manufacturing capacity and R&D ensures that the pace of Moore's law continues to march on, fueling technology innovations the world loves and depends on," Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said during the announcement.   "Intel is a global manufacturing and technology company, yet we think of ourselves as a leading American innovation enterprise," Krzanich added.   "America has a unique combination of talent, a vibrant business environment and access to global markets, which has enabled U.S. companies like Intel to foster economic growth and innovation. Our factories support jobs - high-wage, high-tech manufacturing jobs that are the economic engines of the states where they are located."   Check the full press release for more information. NEWS SOURCES:Newsroom.intel.com Recommended for You Core i7-7700K overclocked to 7.2GHz with liquid helium... Intel's upcoming 10nm-based Cannonlake will combat... Samsung will start producing 7nm chips early 2018 Intel launching next-gen 20-threaded CPU in August... >> NEXT STORY: Destiny 2 re-confirmed for 2017 release << PREVIOUS STORY: John Wick Chronicles is now live on Steam Related Tags Intel Intel Fab 42 7nm CPU Fabrication Facilities CPUs Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts iPhone X has wireless charging, and it's about damn time The top For Honor PC deals as we near release Samsung foldable phones might arrive in 2018 HMD's first Nokia-branded phone arrives in Europe WhatsApp now enables two-step verificationView More News Posts Forum Activity Mainboard P9 X79 Pro EATX12V connector burnt Overclock G31M-VS2 ViewSonic's 1440p 165Hz Monitor: Best Gaming Display? MSI GT62VR High-End gaming notebook with GTX 1060 overview Aorus z270x Gaming K7 motherboard problemsView More Forum Posts Press Releases Intel's Fab 42 will target advanced 7 nm technology and create more than 10,000 jobs in Arizona Palit announces the passive GeForce GTX 1050 Ti KalmX Silent graphics card Latest NVIDIA Quadro Pascal GPUs, led by high-end GP100, streamline visualization, simulation and VR workflow Kingston now shipping the HyperX Alloy FPS with Cherry MX Red or Brown switches Cooler Master announces 'Case Mod World Series 2017' with 25th anniversary celebration bonusView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Don't Miss: CW@50: A look back at Y2K in cartoons 5 new threats to your personal data Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Drive cloning in Windows 10 with free tools The IT-business gap remains 10 ways tech pros can take charge of their professional development Review: Microsoft's Nano Server offers mega advantages More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Computer Processors News Intel: Cannonlake will be more than 15 percent faster than Kaby Lake Intel's upcoming Cannonlake chips will deliver a performance improvement as the company looks to gaming and VR By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Feb 9, 2017 11:49 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Intel More like this AMD sets up Ryzen chip for a strong start as battle with Intel looms AMD tries to drum up support for 32-core Zen server chip After Ryzen, AMD has no immediate plan to purge other PC chips Video Windows 10 Quick Tips: Getting the most from Cortana Upgrading CPU performance hasn't been a priority for Intel in many years, but that could be changing. Intel's upcoming Cannonlake chips will deliver a performance improvement of more than 15 percent compared to its Kaby Lake chips, said Venkata Renduchintala, president of the Intel Client and Internet of Things businesses and Systems Architecture Group. Intel didn't provide exact numbers at the company's annual investor day Thursday, but the projection is based on the SysMark benchmark. Detailed performance improvement numbers will emerge over time. [ To comment on this story, visit Computerworld's Facebook page. ] The performance improvements from Skylake to Kaby Lake topped out at 15 percent. The CPU performance boost for Cannonlake should be at least that, Intel said. The first Cannonlake chips are scheduled to ship in the second half of this year. The chips -- called 8th-generation chips on an Intel slide -- could include Core i7 chips. Intel showed a Cannonlake chip at CES. The chip will be the first made on Intel's 10-nanometer process, which will deliver a substantial reduction in power consumption, Renduchintala said. Intel may be trying to catch up with AMD, which is boasting a 40 percent performance improvement for its upcoming Ryzen chips. Ryzen's numbers are based on IPC (instructions per cycle), an important performance metric. The benefit of high-performance PC chips isn't lost on Intel. The gaming market is exploding, especially eSports, and demand for high-performance Core i7 chips skyrocketed last year, Renduchintala said. As markets like virtual reality heat up, buyers will be motivated to upgrade to Core i7 chips from Core i3 chips. The Core i7 chips today are up to 36 percent faster than Core i3 chips, Renduchintala said. Chipmakers in past years focused on increasing performance by raising the clock frequency. But that made chips power hungry, and their focus shifted to adding cores, which boosted performance but also added battery life to laptops. Then the focus turned to integrating technologies like graphics and I/O buses inside processors. Gaming and virtual reality have brought a focus back to raw CPU performance. There's a limited scope for growth in the PC market, with gaming and VR being the bright spots, and both right now require high-performance CPUs. Unlike in the past, Intel doesn't want to sell low-margin chips that would ultimately incur a loss. Intel was "disciplined" with its PC business, and the focus was on high-margin products like Core i7 chips. Intel's highest priced PC chip is the Core i7-6950X, which is priced at US$1,723, and it generates a high profit margin for Intel. But Intel will have to contend with AMD, which is coming on strong with Ryzen. Analysts say Ryzen will start off strong in high-end gaming PCs based on the early hype, but then its success will depend on word-of-mouth recommendations. Ryzen's subsequent success in consumer laptops and desktops will depend on PC makers adopting the chip. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Computer Processors Windows PCs Virtual Reality Computer Hardware Prices still climbing for enterprise mobility management software You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Popular Resources White Paper 2015 Latin American Mid-Market Enterprise Communications Platforms Growth Excellence Leadership Award Research/Infographic Sponsored 4 Steps to E-Rate Simplification Research/Infographic Sponsored 5 Ways Cloud Changes Everything Video/Webcast Sponsored Best Practices in Managing Digital Media Rights for the Connected World White Paper Big Data, Bad Data, Good Data: The Link Between Information Governance and Big Data Outcomes Go Top Stories Ford to invest $1B in A.I. startup toward self-driving cars Ford plans to invest $1 billion over the next five years in Argo AI, an artificial intelligence startup... Trump eyes end to an H-1B system that favors largest outsourcers The companies most hurt by the random H-1B distribution system are those that submit only a few... Review: Samsung Chromebook Pro brings touch computing up a notch The Samsung Chromebook Pro is a convertible laptop/tablet that comes with an excellent touch display... How to root out bias in your data Analytics is a top priority for savvy CIOs. But if implicit biases are hiding under the surface of your... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Set Western Refining, Inc. (WNR) Target Price at $31.70 CI Financial Corp (CIX) Receives C$28.88 Consensus PT from Brokerages Analysts Set DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. (XRAY) Price Target at $65.57 Brokerages Set Juniper Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (JNP) Target Price at $18.75 Cybg Plc (CYBG) Receives GBX 249 Average PT from Brokerages KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss ArcelorMittal (MT) Receives $5.79 Average PT from Analysts Brokers Issue Forecasts for Sabre Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SABR) Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) Trading Down 12.4% on Disappointing Earnings Bombardier Inc (BDRBF) Receives $2.13 Average Target Price from Analysts Piedmont Office Realty Trust, Inc. (PDM) Receives $21.88 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set California Water Service Group Holding (CWT) Price Target at $31.00 Jefferies Group Weighs in on WellCare Health Plans, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (WCG) Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) to Post Q4 2016 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Short Interest Update Limelight Networks, Inc. (LLNW) Stock Price Up 8.5% After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Zacks: RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation (RXII) Given $8.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LPX) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Royal Bank Of Canada Increases Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) Price Target to C$61.00 Eaton Vance Tax Managed Buy Write Opport (ETV) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Intel Corporation (INTC) Raised to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. February 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Vetr upgraded shares of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) from a buy rating to a strong-buy rating in a research report sent to investors on Monday. They currently have $40.65 target price on the chip maker’s stock. INTC has been the subject of several other reports. B. Riley reissued a buy rating and issued a $44.00 price objective on shares of Intel Corporation in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Canaccord Genuity reissued a buy rating and issued a $43.00 price objective on shares of Intel Corporation in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Raymond James Financial, Inc. reissued an underperform rating on shares of Intel Corporation in a research report on Monday, January 30th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. reissued a hold rating on shares of Intel Corporation in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Finally, Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reissued a positive rating on shares of Intel Corporation in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have given a hold rating, twenty-nine have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $40.39. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) traded down 0.014% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $36.375. 3,684,124 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $36.81 and its 200 day moving average price is $35.97. The stock has a market capitalization of $172.24 billion, a PE ratio of 17.158 and a beta of 1.03. Intel Corporation has a 12 month low of $27.68 and a 12 month high of $38.45. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The chip maker reported $0.79 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.75 by $0.04. The firm earned $16.40 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15.75 billion. Intel Corporation had a return on equity of 20.95% and a net margin of 17.37%. The company’s revenue was up 10.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.74 earnings per share. Equities research analysts predict that Intel Corporation will post $2.79 EPS for the current year. WARNING: “Intel Corporation (INTC) Raised to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc.” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/09/intel-corporation-intc-raised-to-strong-buy-at-vetr-inc.html. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 1st. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, February 7th will be paid a $0.26 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, February 3rd. This represents a $1.04 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.86%. Intel Corporation’s payout ratio is 49.29%. In related news, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 79,051 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.49, for a total transaction of $2,884,570.99. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 394,406 shares in the company, valued at approximately $14,391,874.94. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP Diane M. Bryant sold 680 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, January 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $37.53, for a total value of $25,520.40. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 107,758 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,044,157.74. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 156,637 shares of company stock valued at $5,732,128. Insiders own 0.09% of the company’s stock. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in INTC. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of Intel Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $330,056,000. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its stake in shares of Intel Corporation by 23.4% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 45,685,548 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $1,498,217,000 after buying an additional 8,662,708 shares during the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of Intel Corporation by 1.9% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 299,534,545 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $9,824,733,000 after buying an additional 5,697,051 shares during the last quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Intel Corporation by 1,132.9% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 3,735,219 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $141,000,000 after buying an additional 3,432,246 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Eaton Vance Management raised its stake in shares of Intel Corporation by 15.5% in the second quarter. Eaton Vance Management now owns 14,706,063 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $482,359,000 after buying an additional 1,978,318 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 66.17% of the company’s stock. About Intel Corporation Intel Corporation is engaged in the design and manufacture of digital technology platforms. The Company’s segments include Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Software and Services (SSG) and All Other. CCG segment includes platforms designed for notebooks (including Ultrabook devices), 2 in 1 systems, desktops (including all-in-ones and personal computers (PCs)), tablets, phones, wireless and wired connectivity products, and mobile communication components. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Intel Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Intel works on next-generation Optane SSD, memory technologies Intel works on next-generation Optane SSD, memory technologies The company has started shipping Optane SSDs for use in data centers Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 10 February, 2017 06:59 - - - - print email Comments "Every gamer is going to want to have 3D Xpoint. Every single gamer." Those were words from Intel's CEO Brian Krzanich when updating investors on the company's Optane technology, which the chipmaker believes could ultimately replace SSDs and DRAM in PCs and servers. Intel is now shipping the first-generation Optane but is also working on next-generation technologies as looks to increase density in this new class of storage and memory. Intel says Optane is significantly denser and faster than SSDs and DRAM. It is based on a technology called 3D Xpoint, co-developed with Micron. The chipmaker looks at Optane as the Moore's Law of storage. With future generations, Intel wants to make the memory smaller, denser and cheaper, and that's driving the development of Optane. That's good news for users. Initial Optane SSDs may be expensive, but prices will go down as the manufacturing cost-per-bit is driven down. Storage will be faster as Optane will bring data closer to the CPU. Intel has talked about some uses for Optane. Games will run faster with chapters pre-loaded in Optane SSDs. Optane could also be used for analytics and machine learning, which need to move data in and out of storage faster. Intel's ultimate goal with Optane is to unify memory and storage, but that goal could still be a long time out. Micron is also delivering its own brand of 3D Xpoint products under the QuantX brand. Last week Micron said it is also working on its future 3D Xpoint technologies. Intel's low-capacity Optane will be available for laptops in the second quarter. The company has already started shipping the first Optane DIMMs for testing. The company has also qualified and shipped the first test Optane SSDs to data centers, Rob Crooke, senior vice president and general manager of the Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group at Intel, said during a speech Thursday at the company's investor day meeting. Enterprise SSDs are typically high in capacity. Memory and storage for enterprises based on 3D Xpoint will disrupt DRAM and SSDs in servers, said Diane Bryant, executive vice president and general manager of the Data Center Group at Intel. Intel's projections for Optane in 2017 are modest. Crooke characterized it more as an "investment year," with money being poured into factories and research. The total 2017 revenue will be less than 5 percent of Intel's storage revenue. Storage and memory aren't major revenue generators for Intel, totaling just US$816 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. Total Intel revenue for the quarter was $16.4 billion, with a bulk coming from PC and server chip sales. 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about IntelMemory SolutionsMicronSolutions Group Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Three Ways to Get Started with Hadoop CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Four Reasons To Choose Flash Now EMC Isilon Scale-Out Data Lake Foundation Latest Jobs Group Director Information Services WA General Manager - Strategy VIC Digital Communications Manager NSW Head of Applications VIC SOA Oracle Developer NSW Microsoft Consultant VIC System Engineer SA Android Developer NSW IT Systems Engineer NSW Java Developer NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Microsoft Australia posts $55.9M profit amid top-tier changes ​Fiber Corp execs lash NBN ​Six Challenges CISOs Will Face in 2017 CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Booted up in 1993, this server still runs -- but not for much longer Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). CSO Privacy groups claim FBI hacking operation went too far Microsoft unveils a bonanza of security capabilities Recent WordPress vulnerability used to deface 1.5 million pages How to enable WhatsApp's two-step verification Apple's iCloud saved deleted browser records, security company finds Computerworld Muru-D takes on 'more mature' start-ups with new funding model Stop talking shit about broadband speeds, ACCC tells ISPs NetComm Wireless reaps $28 million windfall from NBN FTTC Microsoft hasn't moved the Windows 10 needle in months 'Fileless malware' attacks, used at banks, have been around for years ARN Banking and securities’ IT spend to hit $14.8B in Australia ISPs put on alert over broadband speed claims NetComm’s NBN deal delivers $28m revenue injection ​Day of reckoning still to come despite Dell EMC partner program launch Avnet expands Lenovo partnership with global training deal Techworld Privacy groups claim FBI hacking operation went too far On land and in space, IoT networks can now cover the planet Ford to pump $1B into AI for driverless cars UPS to spend $18M to install 26,000 new solar panels Microsoft unveils a bonanza of security capabilities CMO Best Super Bowl ads were humorous, finds facial tracking research Volkswagen Group unites customer experience and employee engagement insights Report: Australian organisations lack processes and support to be innovative CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 9 February 2017 ​Data Republic partners with koji to boost FMCG data insights Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Analysis & Reports Research & Services Events & Workshops Membership Report Launch: Entertainment Debrief Loading... menu Explore by Industry Industry> Automotive Beauty Consumer Goods Education Entertainment Fashion Finance Fitness & Sport Food Health Home Media Retail Technology Travel Demographic Demographic> Boomers Kids Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Location Location> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Trending Trending> Food Sports Retail Work Activity Activity> Advertising Branding CRM Design & Architecture Experiential Product Launch Research About Consulting Events Experts Membership Reports Wallkit How Intel’s Drones Kicked Off The Super Bowl Halftime Show Advertising Doc Portrait PDF Landscape PDF Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Choreographed drones took to the dark skies at the start of the halftime show to present the more artistic ways a creative can use a drone Zack Palm 9 february 2017 Super Bowl XL’s halftime show had a special spin to it with a starting performance by Intel’s recently engineered shooting star drones, before Lady Gaga took to the stage. These drones were uniquely designed for entertainment purposes and were equipped with an LED light on the bottom to create over 4 billion color combinations. Using their LED light, the fleet of 300 shooting star drones to the skies to choreograph a waving American flag, turning into Pepsi’s logo, the sponsors of the halftime show and lastly forming into Intel’s logo. When the halftime show wrapped up, a 10 second ad ran to display these drones changing from Pepsi’s logo into Intel’s. Intel has been developing the technology for several years, with several test projects being completed before being unveiled on the big stage. Intel +Advertising Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +drones Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +entertainment super bowl Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +fitness Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +football Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +halftime Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +LED Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +pepsi Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +sport Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +technology Create Alert Create Favorites Folder Doc Portrait PDF Landscape PDF Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Trending Advertising Roundtable: What Should We Take Away From This Year's Super Bowl Ads? PSFK Posted February 9, 2017 Advertising Arts & Culture Yesterday Design Firm Conceptualizes The 24-Hour Nightclub Of The Future Automotive Yesterday Land Rover Is Restoring Some Of Their First-Generation Models Trending Get PSFK's Related Report: Forecast 2020 See All Syndicated Yesterday AI Could Soon Be Taking The Roles Of Doctors, Teachers And Actors Syndicated Yesterday AI Could Soon Be Taking The Roles Of Doctors, Teachers And Actors PSFK Membership Free trial: Get full access to the PSFK Creative Intelligence Portal for 30 days Related Expert Rafi Haladjian Consumer Electronics, Healthcare Advertising Yesterday Pattern Recognition: How Brands Are Creating More Immersive Advertising Augmented & Virtual Reality Yesterday Pattern Recognition: How Brands Are Creating More Immersive Advertising Entertainment Yesterday Service Turns Your Music Library Into A Social Experience TREND REPORT NEW: ENTERTAINMENT DEBRIEF Media in the age of omnipresent tech DOWNLOAD NOW PSFK Op-Ed january 13, 2017 Human Rights Activist: What Is The Future Of Corporate Responsibility? PSFK Labs january 17, 2017 3 Pillars Of Success In The New Retail Landscape Travel Yesterday This Philadelphia Hotel Wants To Introduce Completely 'Invisible Service' Social Media Yesterday Facebook Community Help Feature Lets People Reach Out To Neighbors In Crisis PSFK Labs Reports Learn How: Download latest trends reports and business playbooks PSFK Labs Change now: Hire trend researchers, product conceptors and innovation experts Africa Yesterday IKEA Partnership Will Create An African Design Collection Fitness & Sport Yesterday Creative Marketing VP: Is Advertising Ruining Super Bowl Advertising? PSFK Videos Watch Now: Study hundreds of change makers sharing their insights Brand Development Yesterday People Over Process: How We Can Still Save Design Thinking PSFK MEMBERSHIP JOIN RETAIL INTELLIGENCE PLATFORM Get access to retail reports and 20,000 retail insights LEARN MORE Latin America Yesterday Pacifico Rebrand Adopts A New Summer Look Technology Yesterday Watch Developed At MIT Can Detect The Wearer's Emotions PSFK Events Attend Now: Join us at one of our innovation and trend debriefs Arts & Culture Yesterday Polaroid Camera Made From Recycled Cardboard Cities Yesterday These $25k Pods Fight Homeless Shelter Zoning Laws With Innovation Entertainment Yesterday How To Get Ahead Of Key Shifts In The Entertainment Industry No search results found. daily weekly subscribe Saved Search {{watchlistItem.title}} daily weekly subscribe 10 20 posts pdf download Saved Keywords Email Alerts Favorites 10 20 posts pdf download Shared 10 20 posts pdf download Pattern Recognition: What Are The Big Themes In Retail? Retail Creative Marketing VP: Is Advertising Ruining Super Bowl Advertising? Advertising Polaroid Camera Made From Recycled Cardboard Arts & Culture This Device Breaks Ground As The First Sex Toy On Kickstarter Design & Architecture Land Rover Is Restoring Some Of Their First-Generation Models Retail People Over Process: How We Can Still Save Design Thinking Technology This Philadelphia Hotel Wants To Introduce Completely 'Invisible Service' Travel Domino's Has Launched Their Very Own Wedding Registry Food Fill This Pocket Windbreaker With Newspapers To Transform It Into An Insulated Parka Fashion Amazon’s Alexa Can Now Join You In Your Car Automotive [News] Microsoft is getting Vista ready for retirement [News] Apple’s next iPhone might cost more than $1000 thanks to OLED displays [Insight] Why China’s answer to Google is going through a reorganization [Insight] Does Snapchat have a place in the crowded digital video space? [Insight] How leaders can cut through today’s tangle of market complexity [News] Facebook’s weather forecast app is rolling out to everyone on mobile and desktop [News] Scientists have successfully edited genes to create tuberculosis resistant cows [News] UC Berkeley in California is teaching a class on plant-based meat [News] Male contraceptive works in animal trials [Insight] This app will tell you if you smell – even if your friends won’t [Insight] The Superbowl and how it became a platform for political engagement [News] Faster car charging is coming in 2017 [Stat] Amazon Payments makes gains but still lags behind rivals [News] Google debuts a new cloud search feature for G-Suite users [News] Waze Carpool completes its Bay Area rollout [Insight] Why Google still hasn’t solved its diversity problem [Stat] Fox earned over $500 million from the Super Bowl [News] Tesla Model S is now the world’s fastest accelerating car [News] Facebook launches fake news filter in France [Stat] Volt tops plug-in electric car sales in Canada [News] Apple’s upcoming iOS update could kill a lot of apps [Stat] Supplying sufficient solar energy to the US requires covering 2% of the land with solar cells [Stat] 60% of US Snapchatters use the service daily [Insight] Esquire magazine is looking for a new course in a new cultural era [Insight] Inside the startup behind silicon valley’s favorite $100 light bulb [News] Hilton and Marriott CEOs urge hoteliers to hire more millennials [Insight] More companies are allowing travelers to use sharing economy services [Inspiration] How this agency flipped the taboos of the cannabis industry [Insight] Check out this year’s NFL Playoff TV Ad Spending by brand [Insight] Slack’s European headquarters presents a new look for tech start-up offices SEARCH CONTENT BY VERTICAL Industry Automotive Entertainment Fashion Fitness & Sport Food Health Retail Travel Demographic Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Location Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Trending Arts & Culture AI Cities IoT Luxury AR/VR Work Activity Advertising Branding Customer Retention Design & Architecture Media Experiential Product Launch Research Sign Up Newsletter Membership Visit Us PSFK LLC 42 Bond Street, 6th Floor New York, NY 10012 +1 646.520.4672 Contact Us Custom Research Editorial Submissions Careers More About Staff Wallkit Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions + get the new report Transformation Strategies For Customer-First Business
Sponsored by Skip to content Contact Sponsorships Donate Write for us 2:07am — February 11, 2017 a smarter Tucson is a better Tucson Login | Register Front Page Breaking Local Nation/World Border Sports Opinion Arts Entertainment All Headlines Contact About Ethics Donate Underwriting/Sponsorships Write for us! Breaking News Arizona Border Crime Downtown Politics & Gov't All Local Arizona Border Biz Crime Downtown Education Enviro Media Politics & Gov't Tech All Nation/World Border Mexico/Latin America Politics & Gov't Media Tech Enviro Health Business War Weird All Headlines Arizona Politics & Gov't Mexico/Latin America All Sports Baseball Basketball Football Softball Soccer High School College Pro Analysis Comics Guest Opinion All Arts & Culture Music Dance Theatre & Stage Classical Visual Arts Books History All Entertainment All Music Rock/Indie Jazz Classical Movies Food Celebs/Pop Culture Events/To Do Search Submit your event Intel uses White House to announce resumption of $7B Chandler factory plan Reporter profile More by Dylan Smith Latest Most Commented Live weather radar Legislative roundup: Tanning, guns, tuition costs Arizona police might not enforce Trump’s immigration orders Hey 'Pilgrim' — Win free Loft tickets Mesa mother at center of Phx immigration protests deported Judge voids Pima County's lease with World View5 Fired ED sues Az Democratic Party, alleges self-dealing5 Orange alert: McSally has a Trump problem3 Out of the Death Star: County needs to snatch victory from defeat on World View2 Grijalva joins dozens of other Democrats boycotting Trump inauguration2 Thanks to Posted Feb 9, 2017, 12:47 pm Dylan Smith TucsonSentinel.com Intel CEO Brian Krzanich used the Oval Office as a backdrop Wednesday to formally announce the company’s $7 billion investment in a new chip plant in Chandler, a long-delayed project that is expected to create as many as high-tech 3,000 jobs in Arizona. The project has been planned for years and it will take another three to four years for the company to star operations at the Fab 42 plant, what it is calling one of the most advanced semiconductor factories ever. The announcement was hailed by state leaders and by President Donald Trump, who was on hand in the Oval Office but who let Krzanich do most of the talking during the four-minute event. “We’ll be completing that factory to make the most-advance 7-nanometer semiconductor chips on the planet,” Krzanich said, according to a White House transcript of the announcement. “This factory will produce, as I said, the most powerful computer chips on the planet, powering the best computers, the best data centers, autonomous cars. All of these devices are the most powerful computing devices on the planet,” he said. Intel first announced the investments that included the Chandler facility in 2010, with then-Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer touting the planned construction of the factory in early 2011 as she promoted the creation of the Arizona Commerce Authority. President Barack Obama visited the construction site in January 2012, saying, "I am here because the factory that is being built behind me is an example of an America within our reach." Intel is currently working on a timeline for the commercialization of the 7-nanometer chip that would be produced in Chandler, so there’s currently no start-date for the Fab 42 site, a company spokeswoman said. Concerned about keeping quality reporting alive in Tucson? A metro area of nearly 1 million deserves a vital & sustainable source of news that's independent and locally run. Support TucsonSentinel.com with a contribution today! While construction for Fab 42 began in 2011, these types of developments are “complex, long-term projects,” said spokeswoman Patricia Oliverio-Lauderdale in an email Wednesday. The decision to move ahead was made after ongoing discussions Intel has been having with the current administration, in addition to the necessity to meet a growing demand for the company’s semiconductors and the availability of the Chandler site. This will be the third processing plant constructed in Chandler, said Mayor Jay Tibshraeny, who said he was not surprised by today’s announcement because of the close relationship between the city and Intel. “We felt that this was coming because we’re constantly working with Intel on infrastructure and water and sewer issues,” he said. “So we knew it was only a matter of time before that plant got back up and running.” Tibshraeny considers Intel a very important “business component” to the city and sees the project as “one of the most significant projects in the world.” Intel, the largest private employer in Arizona, said that in addition to about 3,000 Intel jobs at the plant, another 7,000 indirect jobs would be created. In 2011, the company said that Fab 42 would directly employ about 1,000 workers. In addition to the economic benefits it will bring to the state, Gov. Doug Ducey said the Intel announcement also reflects defining characteristics of what Arizona and its people represent. “Intel’s commitment to Arizona speaks volumes about our workforce, advanced educational infrastructure, business environment and commitment to technology and innovation,” Ducey said in a statement released by his office. “This represents a core area of Arizona expertise, advanced engineering and manufacturing.” Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Arizona, said Intel’s “high-paying jobs will be a boon for the East Valley economy.” He said in a statement that he welcomed the decision “to invest in Arizona’s workforce and President Trump’s continued commitment to policies that facilitate job creation here in the United States.” While Trump has emphasized bringing jobs back to this country from overseas, Krzanich said the Chandler plant will mean new jobs, not relocated ones. He said the decision to make the announcement in the White House was a bow to Trump administration’s “tax and regulatory policies” that “really make it advantageous to do manufacturing in the U.S.” Rep. Andy Biggs, R-Gilbert, whose district includes Chandler, said in a statement that the announcement is evidence of “a new era of business opportunity across the country and will provide a better future for many in the East Valley.” He credited the Republican push for cutting regulations that has been “resetting the economic climate that has beleaguered our nation’s businesses for the past decade.” Support TucsonSentinel.com today, because a smarter Tucson is a better Tucson. While no start date is set, Tibshraeny is hoping to get started soon. “I had a discussion today with Intel talking about how the city can work close with them during the construction phase,” he said. “So I think we’ll see them getting their building team onboard and get their plans completed and then start construction.” - 30 - have your say    Comment on this story There are no comments yet. Why don't you get the discussion going? Join the conversation... You must be logged in or register to comment Click image to enlarge Intel Intel formally announced Wednesday that the company will go ahead with plans to develop an advanced semiconductor plant in Chandler. The Fab 42 site will cost $7 billion and bring as many as 10,000 jobs to the state. Categories news, politics & government, business, sci/tech, local, arizona, breaking, Cronkite News Read more about andy biggs, barack obama, chandler, doug ducey, intel, jan brewer, jeff flake, jobs More by Dylan Smith Hey 'Pilgrim' — Win free Loft tickets ‘Music is key to healing the soul’ for Tucson refugees Pima County to appeal World View lease ruling1 Miller's modest meeting measure merits movement Public service announcement: Int'l Clash Day observed in Tucson Sponsored by Yes! I want to help TucsonSentinel.com offer a real news alternative! We're committed to making quality news accessible; we'll never set up a paywall or charge for our site. But we rely on your support to bring you independent news without the spin. Use our convenient PayPal/credit card donation form below or contact us at donate@tucsonsentinel.com today. Donate securely with PayPal $5,000 Newshound $2,500 Copy desk chief $1,000 Trusted source $500 Correspondent $250 Stringer $100 Cub reporter $50 Printer's Devil $25 Informed Source $10 Dear Reader Enter your own amount (below) OR: Subscribe and stretch your donation over time $5/mo. Printer's Devil $10/mo. Cub Reporter $20/mo. Stringer $40/mo. Correspondent Enter your own monthly amount (number only) TucsonSentinel.com is an Arizona nonprofit organization fiscally sponsored by FCIR.org, a 501c3 charity. Your contribution is tax-deductible. Tucson weather Weather data not available Sponsored by Sign up for TucsonSentinel.com email newsletters! Email Address * First Name Last Name Sponsored by A little bird told us... Tweets from @TucsonSentinel/website-embed Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy Become a Sponsor Donate Write for us Front Page Breaking Local Nation/World Border Sports Opinion Arts Music © 2009-2017 TucsonSentinel.com Hosting by Design by Context Designworks X close»

Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories  • Video •  Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular Front Page News All Latest One News Page > News Videos > Trump's Plans Inspired Intel's $7B Investment in Ariz. Plant Trump's Plans Inspired Intel's $7B Investment in Ariz. Plant Duration: 00:39s - Published: 2 days ago< > Embed Donald Trump Intel's CEO announced a $7 billion investment in an Arizona plant, thanks to the Trump administration's America First policy. 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Transcript: Trump's Plans Inspired Intel's $7B Investment in Ariz. Plant Intel announced it will  invest $7 billion  to complete an unfinished plant in Arizona.  Intel's CEO  made the announcement from the Oval Office, side by side with President Donald Trump.  Intel says the investment was  inspired in part  by the administration's plan to cut taxes and deregulate American industries.  SEE MORE: Why Silicon Valley Is Taking A Rare Stand Against Donald Trump The plant has been under construction for years, but work has been on hold  since 2014 .  Once the plant is finished, it will employ about 3,000 people. The plant will produce 7-nanometer computer chips, which the company touts as the next push to speed up and shrink down computing technology.  Recent related news Intel CEO Announces $7 Billion Factory Investment, Creation Of 3,000 New Jobs During Trump MeetingDuring a meeting between Intel CEO Bryan Krzanich and President Trump at the White House, the chief... Zero Hedge 3 days ago - MarketsAlso reported by •Wall Street Journal •Newsmax •CNNMoney •DigiTimes •SFGate Trump and Intel's CEO are touting a $7 billion plant that has been under construction since 2011 as a new jobs creator (INTC)Intel CEO Brian Krzanich announced that the chipmaker will be investing $7 billion in a... Business Insider 3 days ago - Technology Chance and challenge: Japan Inc worried but hopeful on TrumpTOKYO (AP) — President Donald Trump's salvos on trade and currency are rattling Japan Inc., but... SeattlePI.com 2 days ago - Business Trump is 2nd president to tout unfinished Intel factoryWASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump on Wednesday held up Intel’s plan to invest more than $7... Seattle Times 2 days ago - World Intel cozies up to Trump on taxes and manufacturing, days after opposing his travel banPresident Donald Trump this week became the second U.S. president to take credit for a chip... bizjournals 2 days ago - Business Sharp on board for America-first US LCD plantFoxconn Electronics (Hon Hai Precision Industry) is apparently committed to pursuing its plans to... DigiTimes 3 days ago - Computer Industry Business News Roundup, Feb. 9Intel CEO Brian Krzanich and President Trump announced Wednesday that the company will invest $7... SFGate 2 days ago - Business Intel, Krzanich and Trump, it's complicatedIntel executives spent much of Thursday talking to Wall Street analysts about the company's efforts... bizjournals 11 hours ago - Business You Might Like Facebook Page People Donald Trump Current Topics Caesars Founder Mike Ilitch Avengers Infinity War Piers Morgan Dossier Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Has The LEGO Batman Movie Changed DC's Cinematic Game? Fold Up Your Glasses - 3D TV Is Dead Madonna Set To Adopt Two More Malawian Children Is Theresa May Making Fun Of Donald Trump? MOVIE REVIEW: Hidden Figures The NES Mini Has Outsold The Wii U - Time To Change The Game? MOVIE REVIEW: The LEGO Batman Movie Arnie Wants To Swap Jobs With Trump. The Donald's Not Happy About It: Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Intel, Trump Tout Billion-Dollar Chip Plant That Will Create Thousands of Jobs President Trump and Intel CEO Brian Krzanich have announced a $7 million investment in an advanced computer chip factory in Arizona. TheStreet Staff Feb 9, 2017 2:17 PM EST President Donald Trump and Intel (INTC)  CEO Brian Krzanich announced a $7 million investment in an advanced computer chip factory in Chandler,  Ariz., on Wednesday. Initially, Intel had shelved development of the plant in 2014, some three years after announcing plans for it. Krzanich noted that the facility, called Fab 42, would employ 3,000 people at its peak and indirectly create 10,000 jobs in the Arizona area in support of the factory. Intel said the investments will take place over the next three to four years. Trump called the investment a "great thing for Arizona," a press pool report said. This article was written by a staff member of TheStreet. If you liked this article you might like Intel's Growth Strategy Is Decent, But Could Create Openings for AMD and Qualcomm The chip giant hopes to offset PC and enterprise server weakness with cloud, IoT and flash memory growth. But the strategy could create opportunities for AMD and Qualcomm. Eric Jhonsa Feb 10, 2017 5:21 PM EST In the Long Run, Trump's Tweets Don't Matter Donald Trump's tweet knocking Nordstrom coincided with the company's stock's best and most-traded day of the year. Emily Stewart Feb 10, 2017 2:50 PM EST If Nvidia Was Still Trading Below $100, Its Strong Earnings Would Have Sparked a Big Rally Sky-high expectations are keeping Nvidia from jumping after its latest earnings beat. But demand for the company's PC gaming and server GPUs remains extremely strong. Eric Jhonsa Feb 10, 2017 11:04 AM EST Inside the Numbers: How Reliant Are Tech Behemoths Amazon and Apple on H-1B Visas? An executive order on visas for skilled workers will get a close reading in Silicon Valley. TheStreet Staff Feb 10, 2017 9:42 AM EST Trending 10 Vehicles with the Best Resale Value in 2017 Airline Pilots to Trump: You Promised to Save American Jobs, Now Here's Your Chance Get a First Look at the Dodge Demon -- It Will Probably Be the Fastest Muscle Car Ever at Over 900hp Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market A day after big jobs announcement, Intel warns of lower profit margins in a key business Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan 16 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Intel told investors on Thursday that it expects lower margins in its data center business, a day after announcing a multi-billion dollar investment at the White House. At its investor meeting on Thursday, Intel's VP of its data center group, Diane Bryant, said its data center profit margins would drop over time to the low-to-mid 40 percent range,down from their historical norms between 45 and 50 percent. Shares briefly fell nearly 2 percent in heavy volume, before recovering, last down about 1.5 percent. The company's data center business sells products to enterprises and cloud computing providers to use in their data centers. It's been a critical contributor to Intel's growth: in 2016, data center revenue amounted to $17.2 billion, up 8 percent from the previous year; the only faster-growing segment was its much smaller Internet-of-Things segment, where revenues grew 16 percent to $2.6 billion. Source: Intel Intel CEO Brian Krzanich demonstrates a working SoFIA Intel® Atom™ processor-based smartphone Intel said it expects overall operating margins to grow faster than revenue. The margin adjustment comes just a day after Intel CEO Brian Krzanich appeared at the White House, where he announced the company would invest $7 billion and hire 3,000 workers in long-planned Arizona plant. Krzanich told investors that growth in its data center group was a priority for 2017, and that Intel was a "data company," though it is usually thought of as a chip-maker. — Reporting by CNBC's Josh Lipton and Megan Hawkins Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change INTC --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous   

Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Advanced Micro Devices Inc. vs. Cypress Semiconductor Which of these chipmakers will continue rallying in 2017? Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Feb 9, 2017 at 12:35PM Many chipmakers posted strong numbers over the past year, thanks to rising demand for semiconductors across multiple industries. Two standout names from that sector are AMD (NASDAQ:AMD) and Cypress Semiconductor (NASDAQ:CY) -- which respectively rallied about 460% and 50% over the past 12 months. Let's take a closer look at both chipmakers, and see if either stock is still worth buying after those big rallies. Image source: Getty Images. What do AMD and Cypress do? AMD is the world's second largest maker of x86 CPUs and discrete GPUs. But over the past decade, Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) CPUs and NVIDIA's (NASDAQ:NVDA) GPUs have greatly reduced AMD's share of both markets. To diversify away from those two markets, AMD invested heavily in Enterprise, Embedded, and Semi-Custom (EESC) chips for other devices like gaming consoles. It also launched low-end "VR ready" GPUs to tap into the growing demand for PC-based VR games. Cypress makes programmable semiconductors for the automotive, industrial, home automation, medical devices, and consumer electronics markets. It's been expanding aggressively over the past two years, by first merging with embedded chipmaker Spansion in a $5 billion deal in 2015, and then acquiring Broadcom's (NASDAQ:AVGO) Internet of Things (IoT) business for $550 million in 2016. Those moves made it a major player in the growing IoT market. How fast are AMD and Cypress growing? After falling year-over-year for seven straight quarters, AMD's revenues rose in the past three quarters, thanks to robust demand for the PS4 and Xbox One supporting its EESC business, and strong sales of its new Polaris-based GPUs bolstering the Computing and Graphics business. AMD's total revenue rose 16% annually to $1.11 billion last quarter, fueled by 4% growth in EESC revenues and 28% growth in Computing and Graphics revenues. For the current quarter, AMD expects its revenue to rise 18% annually at the midpoint -- which easily tops analysts' estimates for 2% growth. Cypress' quarterly revenues have risen annually for nine straight quarters, but some of that growth was inflated by its aforementioned acquisitions. Cypress' revenue rose 16% annually to $530 million last quarter, thanks to the Broadcom acquisition boosting its microcontroller and connectivity division (MCD) revenues, and robust sales growth in China and Japan. For the current quarter, Cypress expects its revenues to rise 20% annually at the midpoint -- which also beats the consensus estimate of 17% growth. The tailwinds and headwinds AMD has enjoyed a nice lift from sales of consoles and low-end gaming GPUs over the past year, but the competition is expected to intensify this year as NVIDIA launches its next-gen Volta GPUs and Intel introduces its next-gen 10nm Cannonlake CPUs. AMD is meeting that competition head-on with its high-end Vega GPUs and Ryzen CPUs. Early data indicates that the Vega and Ryzen chips might respectively outperform NVIDIA's current-gen Pascal and Intel's current-gen Kaby Lake chips, but it's unclear how they'll fare against Volta and Cannonlake. Another issue with AMD is its dependence on console sales. The bulls believe that the recent PS4 and Xbox One upgrades for 4K and VR gaming can rejuvenate console sales this year, but the bears believe that those new features might not persuade consumers to buy new hardware. AMD's RX 480. Image source: AMD. Cypress is well-poised to benefit from the growing demand for connected and programmable chips in the automotive and industrial sectors. Those two high-growth markets accounted for 55% of Cypress' revenue in 2016, compared to just 30% in 2011. The Broadcom acquisition also boosted its content share per connected car by 26%, and is helping Cypress address the wired, wireless, memory, and data storage needs of the broader IoT market. But looking ahead, a key challenge for Cypress will be staying competitive against bigger rivals like Texas Instruments (NASDAQ:TXN), which targets many of the same markets. Profitability and valuations Neither AMD nor Cypress is profitable on a GAAP basis. AMD reported a GAAP loss of $497 million in fiscal 2016, but that represented an improvement from its loss of $660 million in 2015. On a non-GAAP basis, AMD's net loss narrowed from $419 million to $117 million. Cypress reported a GAAP loss of $686 million in fiscal 2016, which was much wider than its loss of $379 million in 2015, due to the rising costs of its inorganic growth strategy. But on a non-GAAP basis, its net income rose 142% to $170 million. Analysts currently believe that AMD can return to non-GAAP profitability this year, and expect Cypress' non-GAAP earnings to grow 41% this year. AMD currently has an EV/Sales ratio of 2.7, which is lower than Intel's ratio of 3.1 and NVIDIA's ratio of 9.4. Cypress also has an EV/Sales ratio of 2.7, which compares favorably to Texas Instruments' ratio of 5.7. That makes both stocks fairly cheap relative to their industry peers. The winner: Cypress Semiconductor I see solid reasons for buying both AMD and Cypress, but AMD's future relies too heavily on Ryzen and Vega's ability to counter Cannonlake and Volta. If those plans don't work out, AMD stock could quickly lose its footing. Cypress has a better-diversified business, and its growth this year isn't heavily dependent on outmaneuvering bigger competitors. Cypress also pays a forward dividend yield of 3.7%, while AMD doesn't pay one at all. Therefore, the choice between the two is pretty clear -- Cypress is a much safer play than AMD at current prices. Leo Sun has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Nvidia. The Motley Fool recommends Broadcom, Cypress Semiconductor, and Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Feb 9, 2017 at 12:35PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Broadcom NASDAQ:AVGO $205.51 up $0.17 (0.08%) Texas Instruments NASDAQ:TXN $75.16 down $0.14 (-0.19%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $35.34 down $0.12 (-0.34%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $113.62 down $-2.76 (-2.37%) Advanced Micro Devices NASDAQ:AMD $13.58 up $0.16 (1.19%) Cypress Semiconductor NASDAQ:CY $12.34 down $0.08 (-0.64%) Read More 4 Key Quotes From AMD CEO Lisa Su Ignore Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.: Here Are 2 Better Stocks 1 Problem With NVIDIA's Gaming Growth Story The Best Video Game Stocks of 2016 Better Buy: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. vs. NXP Semiconductors Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Better Buy: Advanced Micro Devices Inc. vs. Cypress Semiconductor @themotleyfool #stocks $AVGO, $TXN, $INTC, $NVDA, $AMD, $CY
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu CHIP ON YOUR SHOULDER Intel is hiring American workers to make high-tech chips that could displace American workers Written by Sarah Kessler February 09, 2017 US president Donald Trump and Intel CEO Brian Krzanich (holding a chip) in the Oval Office. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Share Written by Sarah Kessler February 09, 2017 Intel is building a $7 billion manufacturing plant in Arizona that will create “3,000 high-paying, high-wage, high-tech jobs,” CEO Brian Krzanich announced after a meeting with US president Donald Trump on Tuesday. “The people of Arizona will be very happy,” Trump said. “It’s a lot of jobs.” Trump made “bringing back jobs” a central theme in his campaign, and he has continued to emphasize it in the early days of his presidency. Last month, for instance, the president told business leaders that he would use taxes and other penalties to punish American companies who move manufacturing jobs abroad. In that context, there’s something a bit ironic about the Intel announcement. While the newly announced factory will create jobs, those jobs will be centered on producing computer chips that help enable another threat to jobs: automation technology. Intel began building the Arizona factory several years ago. (At the time, Obama also praised the company for creating manufacturing jobs.) It then put the project on hold in 2014, citing changing market conditions. Krzanich said that Trump’s push to cut taxes and regulations influenced his decision to re-up the plant this year. Intel is the world’s largest computer-chip manufacturer; its chips are used in cars, drones, wearables, and data centers. Some chips in the new factory will be made using Intel’s most advanced manufacturing process, which condenses computing power further than ever before, making said chips useful for technologies that involve huge amounts of data. In an email to employees, Krzanich mentioned possible uses that include artificial intelligence, automated driving, and “the factories of the future.” All of those advances are expected to replace and augment human labor. Nor will automation be limited to industries heavy on manufacturing. A recent analysis by McKinsey concluded that 51% of activities in the US economy, accounting for almost $2.7 trillion in wages, could be automated using existing artificial intelligence. Although the analysis found few jobs could be automated entirely, and argued that automation is necessary to maintain global economic growth, it also warned that in the short term, artificial intelligence and robots could cause “significant labor displacement” and “exacerbate a growing skills and employment gap that already exists between high-skill and low-skill workers.” The Obama White House, for instance, estimated that 3.1 million drivers in the US could lose their jobs to automated cars (the administration did not estimate how many new jobs might be developed, or lay out a timeline for when automation might occur). Among its suggestions: “Educate and train Americans for jobs of the future.” It turns out that at least 3,000 of those jobs of the future—at least the very near future—will be in manufacturing. Most Popular Three signals that Donald Trump isn’t going to renegotiate NAFTA Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money US Political News   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Intel CEO Joins Trump To Announce New High-tech Chip Factory In Arizona 2/9/2017 9:26 AM ET US tech giant Intel has announced plans to open a high-tech chip manufacturing facility in Arizona, which the White House claimed as another example of "the real-world results that the Trump administration is getting in its pro-jobs agenda." Intel CEO Brian Krzanich unveiled plans for $7 billion chip factory in Chandler, Arizona, in the presence of President Donald Trump at the White House Wednesday. Krzanich said the modern factory -- Fab 42 -- will make the most advanced 7-nanometer semiconductor chips. Fab 42 will employ approximately 3,000 direct high-paying, high-wage, high-tech jobs at its peak, and over 10,000 people in the Arizona area in support of the factory. The Intel chief said the factory will produce the most powerful computer chips on the planet, powering the best computers, the best data centers, and autonomous cars. He made the announcement in support of the tax and regulatory policies that the Trump administration is pushing forward that makes it advantageous to do manufacturing in the U.S. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer termed it as "the latest wave in economic optimism that's sweeping the country following the President's victory." He noted that last quarter, confidence among CEOs of U.S.-based companies jumped by 4.2 percent points in the YPO Global Pulse Survey. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Political News DNC Day 3: Dems Attack Trump Weekday At Bernie's: Sanders Supporters Disrupt DNC in Philly Republican Convention: Waiting For Trump...Wait, He's Already Here...Again Previous Story Next Story More Political News Trump To Take New Action On Security Next Week Senate Schedules Votes On Three Trump Cabinet Nominees Trump Agrees To Honor "One China" Policy Price Confirmed As Secretary Of Health And Human Services Trump Bashes "Disgraceful Decision" Upholding Suspension Of Travel Ban Trump Signs Three Executive Orders On Criminal Justice Puzder Hearing Scheduled Amid Calls For Withdrawal Trump To Unveil "Phenomenal" Tax Reform Plan In Coming Weeks Trump Slams McCain For Questioning Success Of Yemen Raid Price Nomination As HHS Secretary Heads To Final Vote Alabama Attorney General Selected To Replace Sessions In Senate Anna Christina Niceta Lloyd Named As White House Social Secretary Senate Confirms Jeff Sessions As Attorney General Trump: Courts Seem To Be So Political Trump Invites Moderate Senate Democrats To White House <<Previous        39 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Intel Plans To Invest More Than $7 Bln In Arizona Plant Intel Corporation Profit Rises 4% In Q4 Intel Q4 Profit Beats Estimates; Revenue Up 10% - Quick Facts Intel Q4 16 Earnings Conference Call At 5:00 PM ET Intel Q4 16 Earnings Conference Call At 5:00 PM ET Trade INTC now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Trump To Take New Action On Security Next Week Senate Schedules Votes On Three Trump Cabinet Nominees Trump Agrees To Honor "One China" Policy Price Confirmed As Secretary Of Health And Human Services Trump Bashes "Disgraceful Decision" Upholding Suspension Of Travel Ban U.S. Consumer Sentiment Pulls Back More Than Expected In February U.S. Import Prices Rise 0.4% Amid Another Jump In Fuel Prices Puzder Hearing Scheduled Amid Calls For Withdrawal Trump To Unveil "Phenomenal" Tax Reform Plan In Coming Weeks Trump Slams McCain For Questioning Success Of Yemen Raid Snow Storm Wreaks Havoc On Air Travel, More Than 3300 Flights Cancelled U.S. Wholesale Inventories Jump 1.0% In December, Matching Estimates Republicans Break With Trump Over Defense Of Putin Nomination Of Sessions As Attorney General Clears Procedural Hurdle White House Announces Trump's Cabinet Poll Suggests Warren May Face Uphill Battle For Re-election Trump Reportedly Considering Prominent Critic For Key State Dept. Job U.S. Weekly Jobless Claims Unexpectedly Drop To 234,000 House Republicans Unveil Initial Democratic Targets For 2018 Robot Player Beats Poker Pros Trump To Unveil "Phenomenal" Tax Reform Plan In Coming Weeks Trump Bashes "Disgraceful Decision" Upholding Suspension Of Travel Ban U.S. Trade Deficit Narrows More Than Expected To $44.3 Billion Pelosi: Trump's Incompetence, Recklessness Not Grounds For Impeachment Poll Suggests Warren May Face Uphill Battle For Re-election Trump: Blame The Judge Who Blocked The Travel Ban If Something Happens Trump To Discuss Key Issues With NATO Leaders During Summit In May UN Reports Highest Ever Number Of Civilian Casualties In Afghanistan In 2016 Commission Led By Vice President Pence To Probe Voter Registration Fraud Trump Rips Polls Showing Disapproval Of Immigration Ban Republicans Break With Trump Over Defense Of Putin Trump Reportedly Considering Prominent Critic For Key State Dept. Job Pelosi: Trump's Incompetence, Recklessness Not Grounds For Impeachment Democrats Plan To Speak All Night In Protest Of DeVos IMF Says Greece Long-run Growth To Be Just Under 1%, Debt Unsustainable White House Vows Not To Withdraw Order Banning Immigration Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Saturday, February 11, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump to Issue Security Order While Weighing Course on Ban By PETER BAKER President Trump promised to introduce new measures by next week to prevent terrorists entering the country. While he vowed to keep fighting for the original order in court, he indicated that he would not wait to take action. Trump’s Legal Options in Travel Ban Case Immigrants on Edge at Reports of Raids By NICHOLAS KULISH, CAITLIN DICKERSON and LIZ ROBBINS 9:55 PM ET Despite social media accounts of mass roundups, it was unclear whether an executive order by Mr. Trump was the cause. News Analysis Trump Foreign Policy Quickly Loses Its Sharp Edge By MARK LANDLER The president is proving to be less of a radical than either his campaign statements or his tempestuous early phone calls with foreign leaders would suggest.  Comments Trump Backs Off on Taiwan, and China Gets Upper Hand Trump Adopts a Harder Line on Israeli Settlements Full Coverage of the Administration » NYT Now Trump Gets Chance to Reshape Fed as 3rd Official Quits By BINYAMIN APPELBAUM Daniel K. Tarullo, who has led financial regulation efforts, said on Friday that he would resign, leaving three vacant seats on the central bank’s board. MORE IN POLITICS Trump Vows to ‘Look Into’ Flynn’s Talks With Russia Trump Reassures Japan About Alliance Trump Rejects Tillerson’s Pick for Deputy Secretary of State DeVos Is Briefly Blocked From Entering a School Italian Judge Breaks Up Families as Way to Break Up the Mob By GAIA PIANIGIANI An Italian magistrate separates children from their mob families and moves them elsewhere in Italy to interrupt a generational cycle of criminality. The Daily 360 1:37 One Performer and 4,000 Boxes Joan Marcus. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. An opioid user in Rainelle, W.Va. Health officials say the Affordable Care Act has helped make progress in the opioid epidemic. Credit Mark Trent Without Health Law, Addicts May Lose Most By KATHARINE Q. SEELYE and ABBY GOODNOUGH The Affordable Care Act expanded access to mental health and addiction treatment, by designating them as “essential benefits.” Providers fear its repeal will be a setback in the opioid epidemic. Smarter Living Stories From Around the Web and in The Times We Recommend By ANNA DUBENKO and MICHELLE L. DOZOIS A guide to best stuff to read, watch and listen to, on and off The Times. Unbuttoned What You Need to Know About This Fashion Season By VANESSA FRIEDMAN From all the change in New York to the Paris gossip grapevine, the ready-to-wear shows are going to be as topsy-turvy as everyday life. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times African Nations’ Answer to Protests: Shut Down Internet By DIONNE SEARCEY and FRANCOIS ESSOMBA Governments facing opposition in sub-Saharan Africa call internet blackouts a security measure, but crippled communications are taking a toll on their economies. Illegal Voting Gets Texas Woman Jail, and Deportation By MICHAEL WINES Rosa Maria Ortega, a permanent resident, voted illegally in 2012 and 2014. Her punishment was strikingly harsh for an offense that usually merits far less jail time, if any. So, How Did I Do? Ms. Mearns donning makeup for her role as the Fairy Carabosse. Credit Natalie Keyssar for The New York Times This Ballet Dancer Has a New Role: Being Bad Sara Mearns, the glamorous New York City Ballet principal, discusses how she switched from her usual role in “Sleeping Beauty” to the evil Fairy Carabosse on Thursday night. By GIA KOURLAS Save this story to read later on any device. Save The Mystery of a Missing Hong Kong Tycoon Deepens By MICHAEL FORSYTHE and PAUL MOZUR Footage from the Four Seasons in Hong Kong where Xiao Jianhua, one of China’s wealthiest tycoons, lived is said to show him being taken away by about half a dozen unidentified men. Knicks Create a New Type of Loss in Banishing Oakley By SCOTT CACCIOLA The Knicks, bogged down by bad basketball and puzzling moves by team owner James L. Dolan, hit a new low when former star Charles Oakley was barred indefinitely from Madison Square Garden. Sports of The Times: Dolan’s Garden Is Falling. Run. Mayor and Comptroller Clash Over Body Camera Deal By WILLIAM NEUMAN Mayor Bill de Blasio traded barbs with city comptroller Scott M. Stringer over Mr. Stringer’s refusal to register a $6 million deal to supply police officers with body cameras. 10 Things to Do in NYC This Weekend and Beyond More News Mike Ilitch, Founder of Little Caesars Pizza, Dies at 87 12:00 AM ET Ljubisa Beara, Who Oversaw Srebrenica Massacre, Dies Rare Survivor of a Philippine Drug Raid Takes the Police to Court Former A.I.G. Leaders Reach Settlement in Fraud Case Ford to Invest $1 Billion in A.I. Start-Up California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. A Pianist’s Warsaw: ‘Fascination and Pain’ Piotr Anderszewski made a film, “Je M’Appelle Varsovie” (“Warsaw Is My Name”), that helped him come to terms with his conflicted feelings about his homeland. Nicolai Gedda, Celebrated Opera Tenor, Dies at 91 The Swedish singer rose from a poor childhood to become a renowned opera star in Europe and the United States. Ancient People Guided Brazil’s Forests by Hand New research finds that humans were sustainably managing the landscape, perhaps thousands of years before they were carving intricate geoglyphs into the earth. The Opinion Pages Editorial An Anti-Consumer Agenda at the F.C.C. This agency’s new chairman is bent on overturning Obama-era rules meant to make phone, cable and internet service fair and affordable.  Comments Op-Ed Contributor The Ties That Blind By RICHARD THOMPSON FORD What do those too shiny, badly knotted, adhesive-buttressed neckties say about the president? Join us on Facebook » Get My Racist Ancestor’s Name Off of Yale’s Campus By TOBIAS HOLDEN I am a black student who fought to scrub “Calhoun” from a Yale residence. I didn’t know I was his descendant. Editorial: America’s So-Called National Security Adviser Collins: Footing the Bill for Trumps 9:45 PM ET Brooks: A Gift for Donald Cohen: Am I Imagining This? Krugman: When the Fire Comes Egan: Democrats’ Sugar High Campus Politics in the Age of Trump User Subscriptions Aren’t We Off Sugar Now? Not Quite. Welcome Yotam Ottolenghi. Good, Bad and Mad: Andrew Rosenthal on the News Times Insider » Aren’t We Off Sugar Now? Not Quite. Welcome Yotam Ottolenghi. The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Music Latin Jazz is Booming Far Beyond the Grammys Sunday Review Welcome Back, Wall Street. Now Pay Us Back. In return for the death of Dodd-Frank, bankers should agree to a new compensation system, writes William D. Cohan. Mind Karen Pence Picks a Cause: Art Therapists Art & Design Wielding an Art Mightier Than the Sword Sunday Review Microbes, a Love Story Theater That ‘Sunset Boulevard’ Close-Up, Finely Focused Travel Evoking Bygone Jazz Age With Modern Touch Opinion Editorial Observer: Help! My Constituents Are After Me! Republicans afraid to buck President Trump play cat-and-mouse with angry voters. Book Review Ali Smith: By the Book N.Y. / Region At 100, a Conductor, Like the Music, Keeps Going Opinion Op-Ed: The Ties That Blind Food Thai Food to Hearten the Homesick in Queens Sections World » Dutch Get Creative to Solve a Prison Problem: Too Many Empty Cells Steve Bannon Cited Italian Thinker Who Inspired Fascists Canada Today: An Isolated Lake and a Welcome Mat for Refugees Business Day » Former A.I.G. Executives Reach Settlement in Accounting Fraud Case Daytime TV’s New Star? Sean Spicer Shopping Becomes a Political Act in the Trump Era Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: The Ties That Blind Editorial: An Anti-Consumer Agenda at the F.C.C. Gail Collins: Footing the Bill for Trumps U.S. » Addiction Treatment Grew Under Health Law. Now What? Reports of Raids Have Immigrants Bracing for Enforcement Surge Illegal Voting Gets Texas Woman 8 Years in Prison, and Certain Deportation Technology » Ford to Invest $1 Billion in Artificial Intelligence Start-Up Plan for $10 Billion Chip Plant Shows China’s Growing Pull Twitter Struggles to Capitalize on Influence and Posts Lackluster Earnings Arts » So, How Did I Do?: This City Ballet Dancer Has a New Role: Being Bad Review: It’s Norman Mailer vs. Feminists in ‘The Town Hall Affair’ Latin Jazz is Booming. Look Beyond the Grammys to Find It. Politics » News Analysis: Trump Foreign Policy Quickly Loses Its Sharp Edge Trump Will ‘Look Into’ Reports That Flynn Discussed Sanctions With Russia Tom Price Is Sworn in as Health Secretary Amid Senate Disunity Fashion & Style » 7 Things to Know From the First 2 Days of Fashion Week Fashion Review: At Calvin Klein, Raf Simons Raises the Bar Rag & Bone Says No to the Runway Show Movies » The Women of ‘Star Wars.’ (It’s Not Who You Think.) Before ‘Fifty Shades Darker’: 10 Kinky Films ‘The Ring’ Told Us in 2002 That the Medium Is the Monster New York » New York 101: How New York City Gets Its Electricity De Blasio and Stringer Trade Barbs Over Police Body Camera Deal Big City: Reaction in New York to Betsy DeVos? A Lot of Shrugs Sports » Sports of The Times: James Dolan’s Garden Is Falling. Run. Knicks Invent New Type of Loss as Owner Banishes Charles Oakley On Tennis: Trying to Find the Right Tennis Racket? Here’s a High-Tech Solution. Theater » Review: That ‘Sunset Boulevard’ Close-Up, Finely Focused Review: A New ‘Big River,’ Endearing but Ill Timed Review: ‘The Object Lesson’ Amid the Cardboard Clutter Science » Trilobites: Long Before Making Enigmatic Earthworks, People Reshaped Brazil’s Rain Forest Trilobites: Lunar Eclipse and Green Comet Make for Busy Friday Night in the Sky Trilobites: What Makes a Woman a Good Dancer? Watch the Hips, a Study Says Obituaries » Nicolai Gedda, Celebrated Opera Tenor, Dies at 91 Buchi Emecheta, Nigerian Novelist, Dies at 72 Ljubisa Beara, Who Oversaw Massacre at Srebrenica, Dies at 77 Television » Trump and ‘S.N.L.’: A Look Back at a Complicated Relationship Review: ‘The Dark Side of the Sun,’ and, by the Way, We’re Doomed The Walking Dead: ‘The Walking Dead’ Is Back: 7 Questions for the Second Half Premiere Health » Karen Pence Picks a Cause, and Art Therapists Feel Angst The New Old Age: Doctors See Gains Against ‘an Urgent Threat,’ C. Diff Tom Price Is Confirmed as Health Secretary Travel » 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Brooklyn Footsteps: Exploring the Montreal That Leonard Cohen Loved Next Stop: What to Find in Salinas Valley: Lush Fields, Good Wine and, Yes, Steinbeck Books » Fiction: Colson Whitehead on George Saunders’s Novel About Lincoln and Lost Souls Fiction & Nonfiction: Drawn Into the Middle East: A Novel, a Memoir and an Account of Life in the Region By the Book: Ali Smith: By the Book Education » New York Changes How It Tests for Lead in Schools’ Water, and Finds More Metal Pop Quiz | Math: Are You College-Ready? Trying to Solve a Bigger Math Problem Food » A Good Appetite: This Sauce Makes Everything Taste Better City Kitchen: Pastry for Those Who Prefer Savory to Sweet Hungry City: Thai Food to Hearten the Homesick at Dek Sen in Elmhurst, Queens Sunday Review » Linda Greenhouse: Will the Supreme Court Stand Up to Trump? Opinion: Why Nobody Cares the President Is Lying Editorial: Mr. Trump’s Random Insult Diplomacy Real Estate » Loving the Bodega Downstairs 360 View: Light Bulbs That Help You Sleep What I Love: Barbara Barrie’s Loft in the Sky The Upshot » Public Health: How to Fix (or Wreck) Obamacare: Advice for Tom Price Simplifying Shelter: Why Falling Home Prices Could Be a Good Thing Economic View: A Tax Overhaul Would Be Great in Theory. Here’s Why It’s So Hard in Practice. Magazine » Feature: How a Fractious Women’s Movement Came to Lead the Left Feature: The Preacher and the Sheriff Feature: 600 Miles in a Coffin-Shaped Bus, Campaigning Against Death Itself Automobiles » Driven: Video Review: Porsche Panamera Now Has Looks to Match Its Speed and Luxury Trump Wants More American Cars in Japan. Japan’s Drivers Don’t. German Automakers Step Up to Silicon Valley Challenge T Magazine » In the Studio With Mansur Gavriel, Where Instagram Is Real Life All You Need to Know About Fashion Week Going Home With Chloë Sevigny Times Insider » What We’re Reading Talk to The Times: Does the Idea of a Travel Ban Make You Mad, Sad or Glad? Looking Back: 1941 | On a Day of Infamy, The Times Is On the Air Real Estate » What I Love Barbara Barrie’s Loft in the Sky By JOANNE KAUFMAN A Broadway actress on what matters most at home: quiet and light. Mostly light. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Fri, Feb 10, 2017 - Page 10　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp TRUMP EFFECT: Intel raises Arizona investment ALREADY PLANNED:Intel announced in 2011 that it would invest US$5 billion in a chip factory in the southeastern state, but lack of demand led it to postpone taking action AFP, WASHINGTON Intel chief executive Brian Krzanich speaks during a meeting with US President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington on Wednesday. Photo: EPA US tech giant Intel Corp on Wednesday unveiled plans for a US$7 billion chip factory in Arizona, in an announcement at the White House with US President Donald Trump. While Trump appeared to take credit for the plan, Intel called the investment an “update” of a 2011 plan to invest US$5 billion for the same facility in the state. An Intel spokesman said the initial plan had not been completed due to lack of demand, and that Wednesday’s move represented a “new” investment of US$7 billion. It marked the latest in a string of such announcements since Trump began pressing companies to create more US jobs and reverse the trend of offshore manufacturing. “Intel is very proud of the fact that the majority of our manufacturing is here in the US and the majority of our research and development is here in the US, while over 80 percent of what we sell is sold outside of the US,” chief executive Brian Krzanich said at a White House event. The company said the Arizona plant would produce “the most advanced 7-nanometer semiconductor chips on the planet” and directly lead to 3,000 “high-tech, high-wage jobs” at Intel. With the indirect impact, the company said an estimated 10,000 jobs would result from the factory. Trump said Krzanich “called a few weeks ago and said, we want to do a very big announcement having to do with our country, but also having to do mostly with Arizona, and the jobs and the great technology that will be produced.” He called the investment a “great thing for Arizona,” adding: “It’s a lot of jobs.” Krzanich said that “we’ve been working on this factory for several years,” but had “held off actually doing this investment until now.” Asked if the decision came in response to the new president’s actions, he said, “It’s really in support of the tax and regulatory policies that we see the administration pushing forward that really make it advantageous to do manufacturing in the US.” The announcement came in spite of a deepening rift between the Trump administration and the tech sector over a White House order barring entry to the US to refugees and nationals from seven Muslim-majority countries. Intel joined a group of more than 120 tech and other firms backing a court challenge to the travel ban — which is currently suspended. Tech firms have fiercely opposed the move, saying it would hurt the effort to hire and retain skilled employees from around the world and potentially break up families. The sector relies heavily on foreign-born scientists and engineers. This story has been viewed 2283 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-02-04 to 2017-02-11 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Tillerson reaffirms US’ commitment to Taiwan 2 Patriot missiles deployed on east coast 3 Postings about missing Chinese billionaire deleted 4 Expunging colonialism from bills 5 Chi in the Park 公園裡的氣功 MORE  1 Trump accedes to ‘one China’ policy 2 MND launches program to build trainer aircraft 3 [ LETTER ] 4 Patriot missiles deployed on east coast 5 China’s heroes are not Taiwan’s MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Drone Robots Market worth $2.7 Billion by 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Drone Robots Market from its database. The report comes with an associated Excel datasheet suite covering quantitative data from all numeric forecasts presented in the report. The complete report provides a comprehensive analysi   (EMAILWIRE.COM, February 09, 2017 ) Worldwide drone robot markets are poised to achieve significant growth with the use of cameras on stable flying platforms that are used to help implement aerial entertainment and advertising. Entertainment light shows, advertising drone robots use LED technology to do innovative skywriting. Aerial visualization lets advertising firms achieve new ways of reaching large numbers of people with a relatively low cost, effective means and lets the drone robots do the work in an automated manner. Smart drone robots can be preprogrammed to do skywriting. They use automated process leveraging integrated circuit technology to make words in the sky. every industry more productive with better, more flexible visualization. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/drone-robots-market-shares-strategies-and-forecasts-worldwide-2016-to-2022 Smart drone commercial uses provide the prospect of trillions of dollars in economic growth. Smart commercial drones connect seamlessly and securely to the Internet and to each other. Smart commercial drone aerial vehicle (UAV) technology has reached a level of maturity that has put these systems at the forefront of aerospace manufacturing. Procurement in every industry and around the entire world is adapting to drone availability. Drone advertising use cases are evolving rapidly. Banner pulling and skywriting are offered. As U.S. regulators open up the skies to commercial drones by late 2016, fantastic growth will occur, accompanied by tremendous job growth. The fact that job growth will be achieved is enough to drive regulators in the US to ease constraints on drone use. There is incentive for the government to establish reasonable highways in the sky that are enforceable and useful to people. Worldwide, drones are accepted as grownup toys, flying cameras useful for adding a perspective to life, to filming every event, every outing. Drones are achieving acceptance in a variety of advertising applications indoors. The ability to fly a preprogrammed route makes them useful in a confined space. Drone robot markets are leveraging robotic platforms in every industry. Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW00020405/sample Intel RealSense technology can be used in a variety of innovative applications. Intels RealSense camera module weighs as little as 8 grams and is less than 4mm thick. It brings depth perception to drones both indoors and outdoors with minimal impact to payload and flight times. Ascending Technologies expertise with auto pilot, inertial sensor and fusion algorithms combined with Intels RealSense camera module will bring a new level of intelligence and self-awareness to the drone ecosystem. Ascending Technologies uses the obstacle avoidance technology jointly developed with Intel to add a new level of safety to products. Drone operators and businesses relying on drone services from simplicity and safety of drone operations. Drones can fly close to obstacles using this technology. Reliable obstacle avoidance opens multiple fields of drone applications. Triple redundant autopilot systems are for small UAVs. AscTec Trinity implements a strong technology with Intel,. The collaboration between Intel and Ascending Technologies brings high-quality engineered drone systems to a mass market. Advertising and entertainment have not been drone markets until now. The Intel Edison component is truly remarkable, it permits implementation of the complex drone robots, able to see in a manner similar to human sight, using bifocal capabilities to navigate, to do sense and avoid maneuvers. The complex camera systems provide remarkable capability. Growth of these markets will be rapid and significant based on the usefulness of the robotic platform capability. The worldwide market for drone robots is $137 million in 2015, anticipated to reach $2.7 billion by 2022. The complete report provides a comprehensive analysis of drone robots in different categories, illustrating the diversity of uses for remote flying devices in advertising and entertainment. Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW00020405/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu WHO’S USING WHO? Corporations have quickly learned to play Donald Trump at his own game Written by Oliver Staley Obsession "America First" February 09, 2017 Back for seconds. (Reuters/Joshua Roberts) Share Written by Oliver Staley Obsession "America First" February 09, 2017 Since his election, US president Donald Trump has used the power of his office to try and bully companies to do his bidding. But it hasn’t taken long for corporations to flip the script and use the megaphone provided by Trump for their own purposes. The latest example is Intel, which yesterday (Feb. 8) announced it was building a $7 billion plant in Arizona that would employ 3,000 workers. CEO Brian Krzanich met in the Oval Office with Trump, who tweeted in celebration of the good news: Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS! #AmericaFirst🇺🇸 pic.twitter.com/76lAiSSQ1l — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017 But Intel’s announced chip plant wasn’t new, and Tump wasn’t even the first US president to celebrate it. In 2012, Barack Obama toured the factory construction site to tout the plant and Intel’s commitment to US manufacturing, the AP reported. The project was put on hold in 2014, and recently revived. By giving Trump a photo opp, Intel was able to bask in the glow of a president celebrating its project. Again. Intel joins a growing number of companies willing to exploit Trump’s eagerness to take credit for any good news for the US economy, no matter how tangental his role in it. Like Trump, they’re counting on a surge of positive press and goodwill from the headlines, and trusting that most Americans won’t pay much attention to the details. One of the first to realize a public relations windfall from the strategy was Masayoshi Son, CEO of Softbank, who visited Trump Tower in early December and let Trump, then the president-elect, take credit for the telecom’s company pledge to invest $50 billion in the US. In fact, the pledge was part of a commitment made in October—before the election—to invest $100 billion globally. Ford also used Trump to get credit for something it was already doing. In November, Trump announced he had talked Ford out of moving jobs assembling Lincoln SUVs to Mexico and saving 4,700 jobs in Kentucky. But Ford had previously said any workers not making the Lincoln model would be shifted over to making Ford Escapes, so no jobs were ever in jeopardy. On Feb. 6, Lockheed Martin praised Trump’s involvement for helping drive down the cost of the F-35 fighter jet. Yet, the fall in price was a result of the US Defense Department increasing its order, effectively getting a discount for volume. Trump accelerated the negotiations, but “this would’ve happened if Hillary Clinton had been elected president,” a defense consultant told Politico. By giving Trump credit, Lockheed was able to end Trump’s nagging on Twitter, which previously had hammered its stock. Buttering up Trump may also make the president an ally as the contractor looks to sell planes and weapons systems in the US and around the world. Ultimately, corporations are not people. They’re not motivated by the same sense of pride and honor. If giving Trump undeserved credit helps the bottom line, that’s a deal most CEOs will take. Most Popular Three signals that Donald Trump isn’t going to renegotiate NAFTA Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in | Register Most commented stories • Rumor: AMD Ryzen CPU lineup leaks with six-core models in tow [150] • Rumor: Ryzen processors might top out at $490 [104] • AMD touts Zen die size advantage at ISSCC [75] • Intel's next Core chips will be built on 14-nm tech again [53] Hot forum threads • Best low profile video cards available (January 2017) • Motherboard/PSU Compatibilty • Need some advice helping select a monitor • Printer suggeestions MSI gets chilly with four new Arctic-themed motherboards by Eric Born  10:00 AM on February 9, 2017 A snowstorm just swept through my city this morning, and it appears that MSI has been feeling the arctic winds, too. The company has four new motherboards based on Intel's 200-series chipsets, and they're all as white and frosty as my neighborhood streets. The new offerings come in pairs—two Tomahawk Arctic ATX mobos and two Mortar Arctic microATX boards. First up are the Z270 Tomahawk Arctic and H270 Tomahawk Arctic motherboards, differing only in the choice of chipset. MSI packed these models with features: two M.2 slots, USB 3.1 Type-A and Type-C ports, and an Intel Gigabit Ethernet controller. The main PCIe x16 slot is also reinforced with metal for better supporting heavy graphics cards. There's also onboard LED lighting done in a seemingly-tasteful fashion, and one of MSI's Mystic Light Sync headers for synchronizing RGB LEDs across components. Next up are the H270M Mortar Arctic and B250M Mortar Arctic. These microATX motherboards are similar to Tomahawk models above, but in a smaller form factor. There's only one M.2 slot instead of two, but the rest of the feature set remains unchanged. The Z270 Tomahawk Arctic is showing up in a couple online retailers for $145, and the H270 Tomahawk Arctic is making an appearance for $125. The smaller H270M Mortar Arctic retails for about $110, while the B250M Mortar Arctic is the cheapest of the bunch at $100.   Tags: Motherboards Log in | Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Steam Greenlight will metamorphose into Steam Direct 25 In the lab: MSI's Trident 3 gaming mini-PC 6 Possible Intel Optane DC P4800X specifications leak 18 EVGA iCX tech offers a complete picture of graphics card temps 8 EKWB's GA Z270X RGB Monoblock lights up your Gigabyte mobo 5 Deals of the week: a relatively affordable GTX 1080 and more 8 Intel's next Core chips will be built on 14-nm tech again 53 NEC's EX341R monitor does double duty as a KVM switch 6 Nvidia fills the Shield Tablet K1 with Nougat 30 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS tipoo "Buffalo" - Jeff Kampman, The Tech Report Odd? I thought that's what enthusiasts spent the last few years screaming at Intel for, processors decoupled... +46 Chrispy_ "Buffalo" - Jeff Kampman, The Tech Report (as per the request from chuckula in t... +45 Voldenuit Saw 'sony' and immediately read that as 'Sony sandwiches DRM into image sensors'... +38 Voldenuit Sizen confirmed. +30 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Gear & Gadgets — Review: HP’s Elite Slice is a cool possible future for the desktop This little PC doesn't quite live up to its promise, but it's a neat idea. Andrew Cunningham - Feb 9, 2017 3:36 pm UTC reader comments 55 Share this story HP's Elite Slice (Diet Coke tallboy for scale) Andrew Cunningham This is the Slice with the speaker slice underneath; the desktop by itself isn't quite so tall. Andrew Cunningham The only ports on the front or either side are one USB-C port and a headphone jack. Andrew Cunningham The port layout on the back is OK, save for the lack of an SD slot and a relative dearth of USB-A ports. Andrew Cunningham The "collaboration cover" includes light-up capacitive buttons for video conferencing. Andrew Cunningham The slice-free Slice next to Intel's dual-core and quad-core Skylake NUCs (above and to the right, respectively). Andrew Cunningham The port layout of any given mini PC is dictated mostly by its size. Andrew Cunningham The wireless keyboard and mouse are fine, but they use IR and not Bluetooth. Andrew Cunningham The external power brick adds some extra volume. Andrew Cunningham Mini desktop PCs are a well-established market segment at this point, and they follow pretty much the same template. Take laptop or low-power desktop CPUs, slap them on a small motherboard that uses laptop-sized RAM and storage, and pop it all into a little case with lots of ports. It's not an exciting formula, but it gets the job done. Today's ultraportable laptops offer enough speed for most common tasks, and there's no reason to provide a bunch of room for add-on cards and other upgrades that many users will never perform. But what if there were another option that walked the line between a mini desktop and an old-school mini tower? A little PC with the virtues of a mini desktop, but one that could still be expanded and customized relatively easily? That's the line the HP Elite Slice tries to walk. It's a conventional business-focused mini desktop on the surface, but it also has a port on the bottom that allows you to stack it on top of other modules, adding and removing functionality as needed. On paper, this is a cool idea with a lot of promise. Unfortunately, HP's first try falls a little short of fulfilling that promise. Look and feel Specs at a glance: HP Elite Slice (as reviewed) OS Windows 10 Pro x64 CPU 2.8GHz Core i7-6700T (Turbo Boost up to 3.6GHz) RAM 8GB 2133MHz DDR4 (single-channel, supports up to 32GB dual-channel) GPU Intel HD 530 (integrated) HDD 256GB SATA III SSD Networking 867Mbps 802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.2, Gigabit Ethernet Ports 2x USB 3.0, DisplayPort 1.2, HDMI 1.4a, 2x USB-C Size 6.5 x 6.5 x 1.38" (165 x 165 x 35mm) with no slices attached Other perks Kensington lock, optional fingerprint reader, "Collaboration Cover" Warranty 3 years Price Starts at $699, about $1,144 as configured The Slice sits somewhere between Apple’s neglected Mac Mini and Intel’s NUC in size, a little pizza box with rounded corners. There’s a gap between the body of the computer and its lid—a fan vent runs around the perimeter of the system, and hot air is pushed out of this gap rather than through a vent in back. This approach takes up more space but also makes it harder to block the entire vent when the computer is tucked away. By itself, the Slice measures 6.5 inches squared and is 1.38 inches tall, a little smaller than the Mac Mini (7.7 by 7.7 by 1.4 inches) but larger than the dual-core NUCs (4.53 by 4.37 by 1.26 inches). Unlike the Mac Mini, the Slice uses an external power brick, which bumps up its total volume a bit. A couple of optional features only ship with customized models or with specific configurations; these can’t be added later, so make sure you’re getting what you want when you put in your order. One is a fingerprint reader mounted on the right side of the desktop. The other is called the “collaboration cover,” and it includes five glowing capacitive buttons aligned across the top front of the machine. These are intended to make the Slice more convenient for teleconferencing. There’s one button for picking up calls, one for muting the mic, two buttons to control speaker volume, and one to end calls. The Slice is perhaps a bit expensive for a dedicated teleconferencing box, but the buttons are more convenient than having to keep track of a wireless keyboard if you keep your computer in the middle of your conference table. Speaking of the included wireless keyboard and mouse, both are basically fine. The chiclet keyboard isn't the best I've ever used (travel is both a little too shallow and the keys are a little too soft for my taste), but it didn't introduce a ton of new typing errors, and a three-button mouse is a three-button mouse. The only frustrating thing—and this isn't the first HP desktop I've used that has done this—is that the keyboard and mouse use a little wireless receiver instead of Bluetooth. This frees you from the occasionally frustrating Bluetooth pairing process, but it also blocks one of your USB-A ports right off the bat, and the Slice only has two of them in the first place. The increased size of the Slice relative to the NUC is because the box uses regular socketed desktop processors rather than soldered-on Ultrabook processors. These 35W desktop processors are from Intel’s T-series rather than the conventional 65W desktop processors, but you can still get both dual-core and quad-core options, and general performance isn’t too much lower than what you get from the regular chjps. Our review unit uses a quad-core Core i7-6700T. Further ReadingIntel pushes out the rest of its Kaby Lake processors for 2017’s PCs Yes, that’s a Skylake chip, and since Intel’s quad-core Kaby Lake-based CPUs just came out, that could potentially be an argument against buying this machine. Just bear in mind that Kaby Lake’s improvements over Skylake, especially in computers that are more thermally constrained, are small. The Core i7-7700T has a base clock that is just 100MHz faster than the i7-6700T and a Turbo Boost clock that’s just 300MHz faster. That’s not nothing, but it’s not a difference you’re going to notice most of the time. The performance of the integrated GPU will be about the same, too, though Kaby Lake chips do support HDMI 2.0 and some hardware-accelerated 4K video encoding and decoding options that Skylake doesn’t have. Keep all of that in mind if you’re in the market for one of these things, and also keep in mind that HP (or even an end user, theoretically) could update the hardware to Kaby Lake with an easy processor swap. That’s the benefit of socketed CPUs. That said, you will pay a fair amount to get quad-core performance. The $699 base model is outfitted with a dual-core i3-6100T, a chip that performs a lot more like the NUC; that model also comes with 4GB of RAM and a 500GB spinning hard drive, which is pretty skimpy for a desktop computer these days. The $899 model offers probably the best combination of performance and price—it steps up to 8GB of RAM and a 256GB SATA SSD, and it includes a quad-core i5-6500T. The $999 model gives you the Core i7 that we have in our review unit, but all the other specs are the same. The port selection in the Slice is pretty good, though the lack of an SD card slot is a bummer: There’s a power button, power jack, gigabit Ethernet port, a USB-C port, two USB-A ports, a full-size DisplayPort, a full-size HDMI port, and a lock slot on the back, and there’s a headphone jack and a USB-C port on the left side. The layout is sub-optimal, though—having the power button on the back and no ports on the front makes it more difficult to put the desktop in a confined place—one of the selling points of a mini-desktop. And as glad as I am to see USB-C in the Slice, if you’re going to pick one port to put on the side in 2017, USB-C probably isn’t the best one. Pairing it with a USB-A port would have been a better way to keep users out of dongle hell. It's also too bad that the Slice isn't using Thunderbolt instead of plain-old USB-C—not just because it limits future expandability through third-party accessories, but because it limits the kinds of "slices" HP can make. Slice and dice The USB-ish port on the bottom of the Slice connects to its slices. Andrew Cunningham The Slice itself (left) next to the speaker slice (right). Andrew Cunningham So by itself, this is a competent but not especially exciting mini PC. The inclusion of quad-core CPUs sets it apart from most of the NUC lineup, but its larger size, lack of Thunderbolt, and slower GPU means it’s not an upgrade in every respect. The big selling point here is the “slice” system of external accessories that HP has created to bring an element of desktop-style upgradeability and extendibility to a more compact, tightly integrated system. Slices connect to the rest of the system via a proprietary connector that uses USB, and they can be attached, combined, and removed at will. The only slice HP sent for us to play with was a Bang & Olufson-branded speaker module, which adds an inch or so to the desktop’s height in exchange for better sound than you get from the Slice’s tinny, deficient internal speaker. If you buy this thing for video conferencing and don’t have a TV or external speaker to hook it into, you’ll want the speaker attachment, even though it doesn’t exactly turn the Slice into a multimedia workstation. Other slices include an optical disc drive module and a VESA mount module for attaching the desktop to the back of a monitor or TV. The most disappointing thing about the slice system is that there are so few of them, and the slices that are there mostly add non-critical functionality. How about a slice that adds a 2.5-inch hard drive bay or two to expand storage or enable NAS usage? Why not a slice with extra ports? HP’s decision to use USB-C instead of Thunderbolt limits the amount of available bandwidth, which in turn limits the kinds of slices the company can come up with. A decent GPU slice, especially when combined with the quad-core CPU option, could make the Slice a plausible gaming and CAD box or a multi-monitor workstation (the Slice’s built-in HDMI, USB-C, and DisplayPort outputs can drive three screens at once, but an Nvidia slice could drive four and an AMD slice could drive six). Slices with M.2 slots could be used to add more high-speed storage. But USB doesn’t have the bandwidth to handle that sort of thing, so the slice system will never be quite as cool or as useful as it feels like it could be. Listing image by Andrew Cunningham Page: 1 2 Next → Andrew Cunningham Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue. Email andrew.cunningham@arstechnica.com // Twitter @AndrewWrites reader comments 55 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Follow Sign in / Sign up HomeClimatePoliticsConflicts of InterestHealth CareImmigrationFeaturesVideoResist Bryce CovertBlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Economic Editor at ThinkProgress. Contact me: bcovert@thinkprogress.org Feb 9 Intel’s job announcement at the White House was just a PR stunt The plant that Intel says it will now complete was first announced alongside President Obama. President Trump and Intel CEO Brian Krzanich in the Oval Office. CREDIT: AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais Intel CEO Brian Krzanich traveled to the White House on Wednesday to announce his company will spend $7 billion on a semi-conductor chip plant in Chandler, AZ — which will mean hiring 3,000 new people once it’s completed. Later that day, President Trump took to Twitter to take credit for the news. “Thank you Brian Krzanich,” he wrote. “A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS!” The White House also sent out an email in which it said “we have already begun bringing OUR jobs back to OUR country,” pointing to the Intel announcement. But as with other recent jobs announcements, there’s not much that Trump can actually take credit for. Intel first announced its plans to build the new factory in Chandler in 2011. At that time, then-CEO Paul Otellini broke the news that it would spend $5 billion on the plant alongside President Obama. Construction started that year, and the company thought it would be done by 2013. But in early 2014, as PC sales began to lag, the company postponed the opening of the Chandler factory, saying it would instead manufacture the chips in its existing plants by making them more efficient. The company rolls out new manufacturing on a two-year cycle, and at the time it announced the postponement of the plant, it couldn’t say whether construction would be complete within two years or later. “We left it open so we could have maximum flexibility,” a spokesman said at the time. At the White House, Krzanich credited the “tax and regulatory policies” of the Trump administration, which he said are “advantageous,” for why the company decided to revive construction now. But Trump has not actually put forward any tax legislation as president, let alone signed any into law, although on the campaign he promised to reduce the corporate tax rate to 15 percent and to give corporations a tax break to bring overseas profits back to the U.S. So far, the steps he’s taken on regulation have been to freeze new ones and issue an order calling for two regulations to be axed for every new one created. Privately, however, Krzanich had a different explanation. In a memo he wrote to employees about the announcement, he answered the question “why now?” by saying it is “relatively simple”: “Intel’s business continues to grow,” necessitating investment in capacity. He also added that the 7 nanometer (nm) semiconductor requires more factory space. “These two factors have driven Intel to a point where we must get to work and build out another factory for 7 nm capacity,” he said. Since factories take a few years to build, “we made the decision to start the process now.” As to why he announced the decision at the White House, Krzanich told employees it’s because “we support the Administration’s policies to level the global playing field and make U.S. manufacturing competitive worldwide through new regulatory standards and investment policies.” It also seems likely that the restart of the company’s plant building would have happened regardless of whether Trump was in the White House. “This would have happened anyway. This was always part of their plan,” Jim McGregor, an Intel analyst at Tirias Research, told the Washington Post. He added that it’s not a significant change in the company’s strategy; most chipmakers have a cycle of periodically shuttering or building plants. Meanwhile, things were rough enough for Intel recently that it cut 12,000 jobs last year, or 11 percent of its workforce, as it restructured to shift focus away from PCs to drones and artificial intelligence. That came on top of 1,155 layoffs the year before. So while it may now be adding 3,000 new positions, that makes up less than a quarter of the jobs it has shed. McGregor also told the Washington Post that with the new investment in the Chandler plant, it’s likely Intel will retire older factories elsewhere, which would mean shedding jobs. And while Trump has set a particular focus on bringing offshored jobs back to the U.S., Krzanich made it clear that’s not part of Intel’s plans. When asked by the press pool whether the company will bring jobs back, he said the announcement “is actually about expansion, this is about growth.” The company has production in China, Ireland, and Israel. This is not the first time Trump has claimed credit for jobs that had little to do with him. Last month, after General Motors said it would invest $1 billion in American plants and create or retain 1,500 jobs while bringing back 450 jobs to the country, Trump tweeted about “all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S.” But GM was publicly adamant that the decision had nothing to do with the administration; meanwhile, it’s laying off about 3,300 American workers at other plants. Fiat Chrysler says Trump had nothing to do with its jobs announcement The company says it has already invested $9.6 billion in the U.S. and created 25,000 jobs since 2009.thinkprogress.org When Fiat Chrysler said it will create 2,000 jobs as it expands plants in Michigan and Ohio, Trump tweeted about the announcement by saying “It’s finally happening.” But the company told ThinkProgress that its decision was also unrelated to politics and was in the works before the election. Ford said in early January that it had decided to invest $700 million in a Michigan plant instead of in one in Mexico, thus creating 700 jobs. Trump thanked the company on Twitter, but the CEO insisted that the move wasn’t related to a deal with the administration. Outside of the auto industry, Trump took credit for a decision by Sprint that will bring back or create 5,000 American jobs, as well as for satellite startup OneWeb’s addition of 3,000 jobs. While Masayoshi Son, CEO of Sprint parent company SoftBank, gave Trump credit, both are actually part of an investment that SoftBank made before November. None of this stopped the White House from pointing to Sprint and GM, once again, as evidence of Trump’s impact on American job creation in the email it sent out Wednesday afternoon touting the Intel announcement. The email also claimed that air conditioner and heater manufacturer Carrier had pledged to “create 1,000 new jobs” thanks to Trump. But while the president did work out a deal with the company to keep under 800 jobs from moving to Mexico, they aren’t new positions, nor do they come to 1,000. The company will still move 1,300 jobs below the border. PoliticsEconomyJobsDonald TrumpManufacturing 9 5 BlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Bryce Covert Economic Editor at ThinkProgress. Contact me: bcovert@thinkprogress.org Follow ThinkProgress Moving news forward. Share 9 Never miss a story from ThinkProgress, when you sign up for Medium. Learn more Never miss a story from ThinkProgress Get updatesGet updates
Navigation gHacks Technology News The independent technology news blog Home Header Menu Home Windows Software Firefox Chrome Google Android Email Deals Best of Support Us Return to Content Et tu, AMD? No Ryzen drivers for Windows 7 By Martin Brinkmann on February 9, 2017 in Windows - Last Update:February 9, 2017 27 Microsoft announced back in January of 2016 that the upcoming chip generations of Intel and AMD would only support Windows 10, and not the more widely used Windows 7, or Windows 10's predecessor Windows 8.x. It was not really clear what Microsoft meant by that at the time, but we figured it out some time later.  Basically, what it means is that Microsoft does not support these processors on older versions of Windows, and that both Intel and AMD won't support them officially either. So, no official drivers, and no support for new features that these processors may ship with on older versions of Windows. Some or even all of these processors may work however; a YouTube video was published that demonstrated that Windows 8.x could be installed on a PC equipped with Intel's Kaby Lake processor (check the link above for the video). Unsupported means that some new features may not work as intended, and that Microsoft, Intel and AMD won't provide support on devices equipped with these processors if they run Windows 8.x or Windows 7. It was not really clear what AMD's intentions where with the company's Ryzen processors. Microsoft did mention back in 2016 that upcoming Intel and AMD chips would not run on older versions of Windows. Information on AMD stances has come to light recently. While AMD appears to have validated Ryzen processors on machines running Windows 7 and Windows 10, the company stated that it would only offer support and drivers for Windows 10 (via Infoworld). PC users who upgrade hardware components on their PCs, and those who want to stay on Windows 8.x or 7, face a difficult decision now. While they may be able to install a Ryzen or Kaby Lake processor on the machine, and run Windows 7 or 8.1 on it, they'd be left alone if they require support. Neither Microsoft, nor Intel or AMD will provide support on unsupported operating system version. So, if you want to run the latest Intel or AMD processors, you need to get your hands on Windows 10 if you want them to be supported officially by those companies. It is unclear if Ryzen processors will perform the same on Windows 7 or Windows 10, or if driver support and better operating system support make Windows 10 beat earlier versions of Windows performance and stability wise. This is something that has to be tested extensively, but it seems likely that without proper drivers and operating system support, performance and stability are probably going to be worse on older versions of Windows. Closing Words The decision to limit support for next generation silicon to Windows 10 seems anti-consumer to me. Windows 7 is still the operating system that is most widely used, and that is not going to change in the next couple of years. Did Microsoft convince AMD and Intel to drop support for older versions of Windows? I cannot see any of the two companies drop support for the Windows version with the largest user base. We will probably never know for sure. Now You: What is your take? Why are AMD and Intel supporting only Windows 10 for their next gen chipsets? Summary Article Name Et tu, AMD? No Ryzen drivers for Windows 7 Description AMD will only support Windows 10 with drivers and support for its upcoming next generation Ryzen processors. Author Martin Brinkmann Publisher Ghacks Technology News Logo Please share this article About Martin Brinkmann Martin Brinkmann is a journalist from Germany who founded Ghacks Technology News Back in 2005. He is passionate about all things tech and knows the Internet and computers like the back of his hand.You can follow Martin on Facebook, Twitter or Google+ View all posts by Martin Brinkmann → You are here: Home > Windows > Et tu, AMD? No Ryzen drivers for Windows 7 Windows 10 Cloud hacked to run Win32 programs Ghacks Deals: Certified White-Hat Hacker & Penetration Testing Course (63% off) Responses to Et tu, AMD? No Ryzen drivers for Windows 7 Yokogawa February 9, 2017 at 3:11 pm # Good. Consumers need to move on. Whine all you want about still being supported. The last thing we need is Windows 7 to become the new XP a few years down the road, security holes and all. Reply Finvana February 9, 2017 at 3:47 pm # Of course. It is better to move to a windows version where privacy and stability problems are the norm. Reply Technowix February 9, 2017 at 4:01 pm # Windows 7 get the same spywares windows 10 haves, but there is even less tool for disable thems... Ann February 9, 2017 at 4:37 pm # wow techNOTix, get your facts straight. win 7 you can disable everything, it is in W10 that you can't. at least if you've bothered by security even before W8 came out. Himitsu February 9, 2017 at 5:09 pm # Agree with the privacy issues but stability? I use Win 10 ever since Consumer Preview build and for me this is the most stable Windows OS I've ever used, at least from those bits and pieces I still remember from Win98+. Tom Hawack February 9, 2017 at 5:58 pm # @Technowix, "Windows 7 get the same spywares windows 10 haves". I'm afraid this is not correct. Have a look on GitHub pages dedicated to block Microsoft spyware components, several lists are available and if you focus on those handling Win7/8.1 as well as Win10 you'll notice that the blockers are far more numerous for Win10. If you read experts' comments, if you consider all of what is written on Win10 ... you have no choice than to consider that Win10 IS spyware not to mention an advertisement platform : this is even, IMO, the core philosophy of this OS. Of course the infrastructure has to have something, If a company rapes the user it has at least to be done with excellency, as Google for instance. Think that Win10 doesn't even offer that excellency is like walking on someone's toe and saying we've done it intentionally. The company is obviously uneducated. Concerning this silicone "shall we / will we / will we not support older OSs on our newest chips?" it's plain commercial bluff. Let those sticking to their Win7/8.1 carry on and you'll see as the next commercial argument "Our latest chips do and will continue to support older OSs and we'll continue to support them as well". Anyway, no blackmail here. I've never and will never accept that. Determination is fed, always, by having a look at what is essential. A computer is NOT essential. Period. Off-topic : The article states "Et tu, AMD?". Martin, if the title intended a wink at French it should rather mention "Et toi, AMD?" ;) Earl February 9, 2017 at 10:09 pm # @Tom, it's Latin, not French. Tom Hawack February 9, 2017 at 10:29 pm # @Earl, thanks. If there's one thing worse than to be ignorant it is to ignore it :) Music, Latin, ancient Greek are among the continent of my weaknesses! @Martin, now I understand. ;) Martin Brinkmann February 10, 2017 at 5:33 am # I had Latin in school, not French, so, Latin it is for me. Sorry for not making that clearer. David February 10, 2017 at 12:31 am # @Tom Hawack - More specifically, it's a parody of the famous quote, “Et tu, Brute?”, from Shakespeare's play, "Julius Caesar". It was said by Caesar when Brutus (a supposed friend) betrayed him and joined in stabbing Caesar to death. Tom Hawack February 10, 2017 at 10:44 am # @David, I had a look on Wikipedia and learned what you state, indeed. Also, the English culture refers quite often to Latin expressions, perhaps more than the French one, I mean in everyday language, not as such relevant of a Latinist, even if he/she may be one of course. @Martin, no problem! Of course the French language has relationships with Latin and "ex-abrupto" (!) "Et tu, AMD?", quickly read and read by someone who ignores the Latin wording referring to Brutus, Caesar and Shakespeare could interpret this as a "Et toi, AMD?" moreover because precisely of etymology : "Et toi" in French would fit one of the translations of "Et tu", which is "And you" even if others would consider a "Even you?" ... you see I did my homework on Wikipedia! This was totally off-topic but, hey, if you don't mention things you never get to learn, even if the topic is out of a thread's considerations, right? So, AMD it was, AMD it remains. AMD, Brutus?! Flyer February 9, 2017 at 4:27 pm # "we need"??? You mean who exactly?? Reply TechLiteratePerson February 9, 2017 at 4:43 pm # Where do you take that arrogance from to decide how I use my hardware in the next 3 years? Windows 7 will be supported with security patches until January 2020 (and possibly after that for companies). IMHO: Time to migrate completely to Linux after that. Windows 7 will never be purged, even after support ends. It will find it's place inside a virtual machine. A virtual machine disconnected from the internet. Reply T J February 9, 2017 at 5:06 pm # @ Yokogawa Tell that to all the Governments, Health organizations, Banks (ATMs !!) , etc, etc, who use Win 7 in order to run Legacy software, which require a major rewrite in order to be compatible with Win 10. "The last thing we need is Windows 7 to become the new XP a few years down the road, security holes and all". Oh dear. Replace Win 7 with Win 10 in the above sentence and you will be very close to current reality. Have you not noticed that, after 18 months, Win 10 is STILL full of bugs and potential security problems. There are still 11 major problems In Win 10 15031, even after SIX recent updates !! Win 10 is really a half arsed beta OS. Take your rose tinted glasses off, fan boy. @ Technowix Invest in some decent AV and Anti-Malware software. Even Win 10 needs it. Windows Firewall and Windows Defender do not do the job. Reply Yuliya February 9, 2017 at 3:16 pm # Afaik DELL and Lenovo offer support for Windows 7. Lenovo actually sells KabyLake laptops with Windows 7. Don't buy on micro$oft's fud. Windows 10 is a Vista with an ugly theme on top of it, plus some tracking features, and nothing more. Reply Earl February 9, 2017 at 4:05 pm # Most people do not upgrade any hardware on their older machines, except maybe for storage (HDD or SSD), so this is really about what's being sold now and in the future. Of the new Windows machines (with the new processors) being sold, how many of them have Windows 10 installed? I'd guess the majority of them (almost all of them, in fact). Reply Dave February 9, 2017 at 4:38 pm # I think next time I buy a graphics card it will be an awesome old card, rather than a good new card. Reply P February 9, 2017 at 5:07 pm # These processors will probably run on W7, its just some of their new features won't be supported. I guess MS has to resort to these sort of tactics now to sell its operating systems. W10 Game Mode was a good laugh however. Reply kevin February 9, 2017 at 7:29 pm # As a Phenom II user, this is one more reason why the next upgrade will be to a second hand I7 4xxx or 5xxx instead of this new AMD architecture. The high price point was already bad enough. No Windows 7 support seals the deal. All I want is hardware AES support and SSE4, something which Intel has provided for years now. In a world full of older hardware that is still "good enough", these high prices and dictatorial business tactics simply will not work. Reply niKo February 9, 2017 at 8:38 pm # What about very huge Windows 10 issue, which is corrupted search mechanism after joining PC to AD domain. Can anyone explain me why on almost every computers joined to AD, Windows suffer from below issue: When creates a new profile it doesn’t include the Indexed folder which contains the settings for all the Language packs %userappdata%\Local\Packages\windows.immersivecontrolpanel_cw5n1h2txyewy\LocalState\Indexed\ Thus breaks the indexing function for that profile and every new profile created on this PC. Many people is bothered by this issue according to: https://social.technet.microsoft.com/Forums/windows/en-US/fa517ab8-af55-4448-9e2a-9efef9948fea/windows-10-indexing-issues-for-domain-users?forum=win10itprogeneral https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/forum/windows_10-win_cortana/no-settings-or-control-panel-items-in-search/36fa2c3a-9589-4b6a-9a94-030060c87386 https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/forum/windows_10-win_cortana/index-search-of-settings-doesnt-work-ive-found-out/51465eb5-5f2b-42ff-a956-cfc1834ae040 https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/forum/windows_10-win_cortana/updated-kb3163018-bug-breaks-search-indexing-of/962688a1-1a73-47cd-9de0-c4dc1d3ca207 Ghacks please escalate this issue in Microsoft and help resolve this bug!! Reply userx February 9, 2017 at 9:01 pm # You guys that are bitching about privacy issues on Win10..stfu, u are dumb as hell...complaining about Win10 spying & yet you all probably use either android &/or iOS.....wanna be 100% safe? disconnect from the internet, problem solved Reply John X February 9, 2017 at 10:03 pm # No, I'm using a Windows Phone. And I only use it as a phone with my carrier. To run programs I have a computer with proper security and better performance. Reply Corky February 10, 2017 at 7:05 am # @userx, Well as only 43% of the worlds population own a smartphone you're wrong to make that assumption, how about wanna be 100% safe? avoid tech with data gathering, spying, call it what you will, built into it, or even better pressure on governments to pass laws with the intention of protecting consumers privacy. Or you could just join the other sheep who consider themselves so boring and conformist that they don't care who collects data on their private live. Reply Anonymous February 10, 2017 at 2:35 pm # troll Reply Mr IT February 10, 2017 at 12:59 am # Seriously, this is a non issue. If you like the feel of windows 7 as much as you do download the theme. You can install Win 10 and make it look, feel, act and operate like Win 7. You would never know the difference while being on Win 10. It's what I do! here I made it easy for everyone. http://www.classicshell.net/forum/viewtopic.php?f=4&t=4750 Reply Corky February 10, 2017 at 7:07 am # If you understood anything about Windows 10 you'd understand people dislike it for many more reasons than just the looks. Reply Anonymous February 10, 2017 at 3:55 pm # Assuming we won't see avx2 support on ryzen (and assuming amd didn't create new ISE like in old days of 3dnow!) there won't be any need in those, so I really don't understand what the panic is all about. Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment Your Name Your E-mail (will not be published) Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Subscribe / Connect   Ghacks Technology Newsletter   Ghacks Daily Newsletter Advertisement Advertisement Recent Updates Firefox 51.0.3 for Android Pale Moon 27.1.0 Thunderbird 45.7.1 released Windows 10 Privacy Software The best Chrome extensions The best Firefox addons Use a RAM disk for SSDs Firefox 51.0.1 Malwarebytes 3.0.6 Windows 10 Game Mode details Random Software Review Transparent Windows With Tophaz Topics Apple Development Facebook Games Ghacks Hardware Internet Internet Explorer Linux Microsoft Mobile Computing Music And Video Networks Opera Security Tutorials Partner Sites Advertisement About Ghacks Ghacks is a technology news blog that was founded in 2005 by Martin Brinkmann. It has since then become one of the most popular tech news sites on the Internet with five authors and regular contributions from freelance writers. Information About Contact Disclaimer Rss Feeds Privacy Policy We Use Authors Martin Brinkmann Alan Buckingham Kevin Dearing © 2017 gHacks Technology News. All Rights Reserved. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.OkRead more
IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Big Data Analytics Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Intel open sources deep learning with BigDL for Apache Spark 3Shares 0 0 0 3 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Driverless car insurance plans unveiled by UK government AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance BT sides with Google in EU Android antitrust case AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Fitbit faces criminal investigation into alleged Jawbone trade secrets theft Facebook loses $500m Oculus virtual reality lawsuit 3D Printing Explained Industrial IoT Explained AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Driverless car insurance plans unveiled by UK government AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Will biometric scanning soon revolutionise Britain’s railways? DeepMind games test AI aggression and cooperation behaviours Intel open sources deep learning with BigDL for Apache Spark AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI Rackspace announces US layoffs just three months after $4.3bn buyout Cisco connects with Microsoft Azure to offer hybrid cloud SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI Cisco connects with Microsoft Azure to offer hybrid cloud AWS is bigger than Microsoft, Google & IBM combined SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI Cisco connects with Microsoft Azure to offer hybrid cloud AWS is bigger than Microsoft, Google & IBM combined UK cloud provider Timico raises £50m Cisco connects with Microsoft Azure to offer hybrid cloud Microsoft adds patent protection for Azure cloud customers Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business WordPress security weak spot lets hackers infiltrate and vandalise Verizon Data Breach Digest: How to protect your business from Fraud, Doxxing & Insider Threats Ransomware: #1 business cyber security threat or media hype? Verizon Data Breach Digest: How to protect your business from Fraud, Doxxing & Insider Threats Ransomware: #1 business cyber security threat or media hype? Why the NHS must act now against cyber criminals WordPress security weak spot lets hackers infiltrate and vandalise Verizon Data Breach Digest: How to protect your business from Fraud, Doxxing & Insider Threats Ransomware: #1 business cyber security threat or media hype? Verizon Data Breach Digest: How to protect your business from Fraud, Doxxing & Insider Threats Ransomware: #1 business cyber security threat or media hype? AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Industrial IoT Explained Cisco: By 2021 more people will have smartphones than running water Intel drones duet with Lady Gaga at Super Bowl 2017 Cisco: By 2021 more people will have smartphones than running water South Korea bolsters battery safety standards following Samsung Galaxy Note fires Virgin Money readies for London Marathon with Worldpay payment platform People are your greatest social media assets – but human error is unpredictable Uber patents feature for mining riders’ social media data Snap Inc finally files for IPO and pledges $2 billion to Google Cloud Nokia to buy Comptel for €347m to create standalone software company Industrial IoT Explained BlackBerry enters cloud comms market with ‘most-secure’ BBM enterpise messaging service CES 2017: Intel debuts 7th-gen Kaby Lake chips for desktop How to follow CES 2017: From Twitter to Live Streams – don’t miss any CES news Japanese tech giants hit with €166m laptop and phone battery cartel fine Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Container secrets secured in Docker DataCentre update UK’s biggest data centre raises £33m in funding When two become one: Dell EMC sets its spirit free because it’s the only way to be Stockholm city to offer sustainable data centre services with new hub 15 of the worst companies for renewable energy – Greenpeace report Greenpeace calls out AWS on renewable energy targets Stockholm city to offer sustainable data centre services with new hub Google opens €600 green data centre in the Netherlands IBM joins zero outage association to help end IT downtime for good Juniper looks to unite cloud for the data centre When two become one: Dell EMC sets its spirit free because it’s the only way to be HPE, Schneider Electric partner on micro data centres Big Data Analytics SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI How technology is disrupting the Super Bowl, RBS 6 Nations rugby & the Premier League Making Your Data Add Up in 2017 Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation UK government’s digital transformation strategy puts vendors on alert Major GitLab backup failure wipes 300GB of data HPE finally stops selling to buy SimpliVity – but what does the hyperconverged acquisition mean? Nokia to buy Comptel for €347m to create standalone software company SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI Salesforce adopts ‘Eat, Sleep, STEM, Repeat’ mantra as girls shy away from ‘male’ tech careers UK government’s digital transformation strategy puts vendors on alert Major GitLab backup failure wipes 300GB of data Cloud and cognitive computing fails to save IBM from 19th quarter of declining revenue Container secrets secured in Docker DataCentre update Nvidia to power industry supercomputers with new Quadro products Anonymous-linked hacker takes down 20% of Dark Web Container secrets secured in Docker DataCentre update UK government’s digital transformation strategy puts vendors on alert Will biometric scanning soon revolutionise Britain’s railways? IBM boosts cyber security with startup buyout Inside Silicon Valley Startup Bromium: Using Virtual Machines to Escape Endpoint Prohibition DevOps Decoded – Gaining a competitive edge with speed, productivity and security Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Industrial IoT Explained Internet of ThingsCognitive Computing Back to Home Intel open sources deep learning with BigDL for Apache Spark Increase / Decrease text size Byomakesh Biswal 9th February 2017 3 3Shares 0 0 0 3 Add to favorites It will allow developers to write deep learning applications as standard Spark programmes that run on top of existing Spark or Hadoop clusters. Intel has launched a deep learning library – the open-source BigDL for Apache Spark cluster-computing framework. BigDL, which is already running in the Databricks Spark Platform, allows users to write their deep learning applications as standard Spark programmes that can directly run on top of existing Spark or Hadoop clusters. It allows the exporting of artificial intelligence expertise to data scientists that currently work across several applications in various fields. BigDL is modeled after Torch, an open source deep learning framework used in scientific computing. It provides support for deep learning, including various computing through Tensor and high level neural networks. By using BigDL, users can load pre-trained Caffe or Torch models into Spark programmes. BigDL leverages Intel MKL and multi-threaded programming in every Spark task for achieving high performance. The BigDL can also serve as the unified data analytics platform (Hadoop/Spark) for data storage, processing and mining, feature engineering, machine and deep learning workloads, Intel said. Intel senior vice president and general manager of the Software and Services Group Doug Fisher said: “BigDL is an open-source project, and we encourage all developers to connect with us on the BigDL Github, sample the code and contribute to the project.” The deep learning library is part of Intel’s AI strategy, which was unveiled in November 2016 and aims to drive breakthrough performance and democratise access. READ NOW: Transforming your business with deep learning The strategy outlined the company’s work to make AI training and tools accessible to developers via the Intel Nervana AI Academy. Built for speed and ease of use, the Intel Nervana portfolio serves as the foundation for highly optimised AI solutions, allowing more data professionals to tackle the major challenges on industry standard technology. The semiconductor company intends to deliver up to 100x reduction in the time to train a deep learning model, compared to GPU solutions. Tags Apache Spark Deep learning Homepage News List Previous ArticleAT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Next ArticleIndustrial IoT Explained Most read UK cloud wars intensify as Microsoft lowers prices & releases Azure data centre services Hannah Williams 7th February 2017 Driverless cars: A new way of life and a new cybersecurity challenge Ellie Burns 2nd February 2017 Liverpool launches digital currency based on Blockchain technology Tom Ball 2nd February 2017 Can machine learning help secure smart homes? Joe Clark 1st February 2017 Nearly 30,000 MongoDB servers held captive in ransomware attacks – and ElasticSearch is just as bad Ellie Burns 31st January 2017 Cisco, BNY Mellon and other Fortune 500 firms team up with startups on IoT blockchain Consortium Byomakesh Biswal 30th January 2017 Smart cars and penguins: more alike than you’d think Joe Clark 30th January 2017 Latest White Papers How Intel IT’s Integrated Analytics Platform Helps Sales and Marketing By Intel HPE Security Research – Cyber Risk Report 2016 By HPE Le stockage de demain By Kaminario Editor’s Pick The CIO’s Dilemma Ellie Burns 8th February 2017 IBM wins cloud price race to zero James Nunns 8th February 2017 Why context is crucial in cybersecurity investigations James Nunns 7th February 2017 Cisco: By 2021 more people will have smartphones than running water Joe Clark 7th February 2017 Blockchain to hit mainstream banking by 2020 Tom Ball 7th February 2017 Related News Internet of Things DeepMind games test AI aggression and cooperation behaviours Hannah Williams 10th February 2017 AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Ellie Burns 9th February 2017 Google Cloud launches smart search engine for G Suite James Nunns 8th February 2017 Latest in 4th Revolution 4th Revolution Digital Catapult launches programme for virtual, mixed and augmented reality startups Ellie Burns 9th February 2017 4th Revolution Transforming your business with deep learning Ellie Burns 6th February 2017 4th Revolution Driverless cars: A new way of life and a new cybersecurity challenge Ellie Burns 2nd February 2017 Latest in Analysis Markets The CIO’s Dilemma Ellie Burns 8th February 2017 Cloud growth clears away the January gloom for tech giants reveling in revenue growth James Nunns 27th January 2017 Smart City: the next step or privacy threat? Joe Clark 25th January 2017 What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers © 2016 COMPUTER BUSINESS REVIEW. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Favourites Favorite list is empty.Clear favorites Your favorite posts saved to your browsers cookies. If you clear cookies also favorite posts will be deleted. Latest News on CBR WordPress security weak spot lets hackers infiltrate and vandalise 16 hours ago DeepMind games test AI aggression and cooperation behaviours 17 hours ago UK cloud provider Timico raises £50m 17 hours ago Driverless car insurance plans unveiled by UK government 17 hours ago Container secrets secured in Docker DataCentre update 17 hours ago 3D Printing Explained 17 hours ago Verizon Data Breach Digest: How to protect your business from Fraud, Doxxing & Insider Threats 19 hours ago Women in tech role models hit Park Lane for 2017 FDM everywoman in Technology Awards 20 hours ago Ransomware: #1 business cyber security threat or media hype? 21 hours ago Nokia to buy Comptel for €347m to create standalone software company 21 hours ago SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI 23 hours ago “We’re a big believer in the UK” – Tim Cook gives Brexit vote of confidence 1 day ago Rackspace announces US layoffs just three months after $4.3bn buyout 2 days ago Accenture tackles key blockchain security risks with hardware 2 days ago Salesforce adopts ‘Eat, Sleep, STEM, Repeat’ mantra as girls shy away from ‘male’ tech careers 2 days ago UK’s biggest data centre raises £33m in funding 2 days ago

RedEye Your weekend plans. Delivered. Business Intel touts $7 billion chip-plant investment Intel-Trump Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images President Donald Trump speaks during a meeting with Intel CEO Brian Krzanich (left) in the Oval Office of the White House on February 8, 2017. President Donald Trump speaks during a meeting with Intel CEO Brian Krzanich (left) in the Oval Office of the White House on February 8, 2017. (Mandel Ngan / AFP/Getty Images) Ana SwansonThe Washington Post President Donald Trump met with Brian Krzanich, the chief executive of U.S.-based technology company Intel, on Wednesday to announce a $7 billion investment in an advanced computer chip factory in Chandler, Arizona. Speaking from the president's side in the Oval Office, Krzanich said that the facility, called Fab 42, would employ 3,000 people at its peak and indirectly create 10,000 jobs in the Arizona area in support of the factory. In remarks to the news media, Trump said Intel is a "great, great company" and a "great thing for Arizona." "Brian called a few weeks ago and said, 'We want to do a very big announcement having to do with our country, but also having to do mostly with Arizona and the jobs and the great technology that will be produced,' " Trump said. Trump's next immigration move will hit closer to home for tech Peter Elstrom and Saritha Rai President Donald Trump's clash with Silicon Valley over immigration may become even more contentious. After the new president banned refugees and travelers from seven predominantly Muslim countries, Google, Facebook, Salesforce, Microsoft and others railed against the move, saying it violated the... President Donald Trump's clash with Silicon Valley over immigration may become even more contentious. After the new president banned refugees and travelers from seven predominantly Muslim countries, Google, Facebook, Salesforce, Microsoft and others railed against the move, saying it violated the... (Peter Elstrom and Saritha Rai) In his remarks, Krzanich echoed the president's broader economic message of employing Americans and increasing exports rather than imports. "Intel is very proud of the fact that a majority of our manufacturing is here in the U.S. and the majority of our research and development is here in the U.S., while over 80 percent of what we sell is sold outside of the U.S.," Krzanich said. Krzanich said the company decided to make the announcement in response to Trump's business-friendly policies on taxes and regulation. But some analysts raised the question of whether Intel would have made the investment sooner or later. "This would have happened anyway. This was always part of their plan," said Jim McGregor, an analyst at Tirias Research in Phoenix. "But obviously, the current administration and Intel are going to try to get some political gain out of it." McGregor said the announcement was a positive sign for Intel but not a significant strategy or policy change. He described Intel and other chipmakers as having a rotation cycle in which they periodically update, build and shutter facilities. The Chandler facility was built years ago, but Intel postponed its opening in 2014 amid decreased global demand for its products, the Portland Oregonian reported at the time. For years, the factory has been an empty shell while Intel focused on its other facilities. It is not clear when Intel planned to bring the Chandler facility online, but the company probably would have completed its investment at some point, McGregor said. As Intel invests in Arizona, it's also likely to retire older facilities in other areas - including perhaps a factory in Rio Rancho, New Mexico, McGregor said. Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft and 93 other tech companies call travel ban 'unlawful' in rare coordinated legal action Elizabeth Dwoskin Silicon Valley is stepping up its confrontation with the Trump administration. On Sunday night, technology giants Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Netflix, Twitter, Uber and many others filed a legal brief opposing the administration's contentious entry ban, according to people familiar with... Silicon Valley is stepping up its confrontation with the Trump administration. On Sunday night, technology giants Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Netflix, Twitter, Uber and many others filed a legal brief opposing the administration's contentious entry ban, according to people familiar with... (Elizabeth Dwoskin) The Chandler facility will be completed in three to four years, a company announcement said. Krzanich, in his remarks, said that Intel had been working on the factory for several years but had "held off actually doing this investment until now." In response to a question from the news media, he said Intel decided to make its announcement in support of the Trump administration's tax and regulatory policies, which "really make it advantageous to do manufacturing in the U.S." Krzanich also took aim at past government policies, saying Intel had been able to achieve its success despite regulatory and tax policies that "disadvantaged us in the past relative to the competition we have across the world." "The president and the administration's commitment to tax reform, smart regulation and deregulation, and a general attitude of 'make it in America' has given them the confidence and the will to move forward," said Reed Cordish, a Trump assistant. Pointing out that the product was high-tech, cutting-edge technology, Cordish added, "It's a wonderful statement for where we're heading, bringing manufacturing back to America, creating 21st-century jobs in America and the feeling of optimism and confidence that CEOs all over the country are showing and a validation of the president's policies and views." Intel joined more than 100 companies to file a legal brief opposing Trump's Jan. 27 executive order, which barred entrants to the United States from seven majority-Muslim countries. In a letter to employees Wednesday about the investment, Krzanich briefly mentioned the controversy. "When we disagree, we don't walk away. We believe that we must be part of the conversation to voice our views on key issues such as immigration, H1B visas and other policies that are essential to innovation." Since Trump's election victory, numerous companies have announced plans to create or retain jobs in the United States. Yet some analysts have said that many of those plans were in the works before the election or had come at significant cost to taxpayers. In November, air-conditioning company Carrier announced that it would keep hundreds of factory jobs in the United States that were slated to move to Mexico. While Trump celebrated the announcement as a win, later reporting revealed that Indiana had agreed to give the company up to $7 million in tax credits. In December, when Japanese corporate giant SoftBank said that it would invest $50 billion and create 50,000 jobs, analysts said that those funds probably would have been destined for the United States anyway. Intel's stock rose after the announcement but pared gains before the market closed. The stock ended the day up 0.08 percent, underperforming overall gains by the tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index. Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Intel Corp. Donald Trump Trump issues belated well-wishes to China for Lunar New Year Stephen Curry bluntly disagrees with Under Armour CEO calling Donald Trump an 'asset' Morning Spin: Senators question Todd Ricketts' campaign fundraising ahead of confirmation hearing Sports Breaking Trending RedEye Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 40°
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Personal Cloud Tonido Debuts Next Generation Software and Powers Intel Home Media Software News provided by CodeLathe Feb 09, 2017, 08:45 ET Share this article AUSTIN, Texas, Feb. 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- CodeLathe, the leader in personal cloud, today launched a next generation personal cloud software that offers remote access  to all documents, photos, music and videos stored on Intel® Core™ processor-based desktop PCs from a web browser, smartphone, tablet and DLNA-enabled devices. With Tonido, users need not worry about their privacy and security of data. The personal cloud solution allows users to view documents, play music, browse photos, watch videos and share files without storing the files in public online services. Individuals can begin by downloading the free Tonido server app on their desktop and the free mobile app onto their portable devices. Tonido app safely connects users to the documents stored on their desktop in seconds. Users can access their files via Wi-Fi or mobile networks and automatically backup their photos and videos from mobile devices to their Tonido personal cloud. Tonido -Intel Home Media Software Solution Tonido Personal Cloud According to Intel's the State of Cloud Adoption report conducted among 1200 IT professionals, only 13% trust public cloud with sensitive data. Changing geo-political events and increasing high profile cyber-attacks have made customers question the reliability of storing sensitive personal files. Tonido has become the leading alternative to public cloud file sharing by bringing 100% private, secure file sharing to the general public. Tonido doesn't store user credentials in Tonido controlled servers and user authentication happens directly between the client device and the Tonido server running on a Home PC. "From security perspective, the best place to store personal files is Intel powered Home PC and the best way to access files remotely is through our Personal Cloud software Tonido. We are glad that Intel chose Tonido to power Intel's Home Media Software Solution. Our goal is to enable a Personal Cloud in every PC," said Madhan Kanagavel, founder and CEO of CodeLathe. Tonido provides automatic backup of photos and videos from mobile phones and tablets to the Home PC.  It helps to free up space in mobile devices and at the same time gives anywhere access to all media. Unlike public cloud storage services, Tonido is completely free and one never needs to pay costly yearly subscription fees. "Popular public cloud storage services like Dropbox and OneDrive can cost anywhere from 50-100$ per year to store a TB of data. Public cloud storage services easily become an expensive affair if you consider the fact that an average household now creates gigabytes of photos each month. Alternatively, Tonido is free and the storage is limited only by users' hard drive capacity. Great value for users without compromising their privacy," said Amar Kanagaraj, CMO of CodeLathe.                                  Accelerating broadband speeds and powerful Intel powered PCs have been a driving force behind the adoption of consumer personal clouds. With current broadband capabilities available to homes, nothing stops them running their own personal file or media server and sharing platform. Additionally, Tonido Relay servers across three continents and six countries provide seamless access to any Tonido powered Home PC. Tonido is the only cross-platform personal cloud application that is available on Windows, Mac and Linux as well as iOS and Android mobile operating systems. Tonido Personal Cloud solutions are white labeled by leading OEMs, and the Tonido team is currently in talks with major PC brands to enable Personal Clouds on more PCs. To learn more about Tonido Personal Cloud, visit www.tonido.com. One can download the latest Tonido Server and sync/backup client from Tonido website http://www.tonido.com/tonidodesktop_downloads/. To download the Intel home media software solution, please visit the Intel website: http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/software/home-media-solution.html. About CodeLathe CodeLathe, is a pioneer in personal cloud products and services, offering turnkey personal/private cloud storage and sync solutions to leading consumer electronic companies, ODMs, enterprises, network and external storage device makers to create value-added products and services. CodeLathe's mission is to enable customers to run their own personal clouds and provide a compelling alternative to public online services. Over one million devices run Tonido personal cloud software and a quarter million people use it daily. CodeLathe's Self-Hosted Enterprise File Share and Sync solution - FileCloud (http://www.getfilecloud.com) is currently used by leading Enterprises, Universities and Research institutions across the world. Media Contact: Amar Kanagaraj 888-571-6480 145678@email4pr.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/personal-cloud-tonido-debuts-next-generation-software-and-powers-intel-home-media-software-300404885.html SOURCE CodeLathe Jan 31, 2017, 08:10 ET Preview: FileCloud 14 Integrates with Office Online Server and LibreOffice Online to Bring Browser Based Document Editing to On-premise File Servers My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 31, 2017, 08:10 ETFileCloud 14 Integrates with Office Online Server and LibreOffice... Oct 28, 2016, 08:30 ETEnterprise File Sharing Platform FileCloud 13.0 Brings Workflow... Explore More news releases in similar topics High Tech Security Computer Electronics Computer Software You just read: Personal Cloud Tonido Debuts Next Generation Software and Powers Intel Home Media Software News provided by CodeLathe Feb 09, 2017, 08:45 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Home Search Silicon IP Search Verification IP Latest News Industry Articles Industry Expert Blogs Videos Slides Events ≡ Menu Design And Reuse Login | Subscribe Company | design-reuse.cn | dr-embedded.com | D&R Products | English Chinese Login | Subscribe to D&R SoC News Alert Design And Reuse Search IP Categories Silicon IP Analog & Mixed Signal Storage Controller & PHY Graphic & Peripheral Interface Controller & PHY Processors & Microcontrollers Memory & Logic Library Security Multimedia Wireline Communication Wireless Communication Silicon IP Vendors   Verification IP Search / Browse Verification IP Vendors Software IP Search / Browse Software IP Vendors     Additional Services Wanted IPs IP Analytics Featured Products Advanced Encryption Standard (AES-128) core with AMBA AHB interface ARM Cortex-based broadcast and interactive set-top box SoCs MIPI Compliant M-PHY Fixed-size streaming FFT News Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Fabless / IDM Deals Legal Business Financial Results People Commentary / Analysis 20 Most Popular News Latest News Intel Supports American Innovation with $7 Billion Investment in Next-Generation Semiconductor Factory in Arizona Thursday Feb. 09, 2017 Data Center Calls for 800GE Spec Thursday Feb. 09, 2017 Rambus Introduces High Bandwidth Memory PHY on GLOBALFOUNDRIES FX-14 ASIC Platform using 14nm LPP Process Technology Wednesday Feb. 08, 2017 Industry Articles Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Business 20 Most Popular Articles Featured Articles Configurable Microprocessor for Life Essential Devices Monday Feb. 06, 2017 A Knowledge Sharing Framework for Fabs, SoC Design Houses and IP Vendors Monday Jan. 30, 2017 A Cost-Effective Reuse Method of Off-the-Shelf MIMO Wireless LAN IPs with a Nested Spatial Mapping Monday Jan. 23, 2017 Blogs Industry Expert Blogs Intel Alternative Facts! SemiWiki - Robert Maire Tom Quan on TSMC's Automotive Strategy Breakfast Bytes - Paul McLellan The Impact of PCIe 4.0 Specification for Designers SemiWiki - Eric Esteve Videos Slides Events IP-SOC Days 2017 IP-SOC 2016 Archives IP-SOC 2016 IP-SOC 2015 IP-SOC 2014 IP-SOC 2013 IP-SOC 2012 IP-SOC 2011 IP-SOC 2010 Choose a filter Full Site Search Silicon IP Verification IP Software IP News Industry Articles Intel Supports American Innovation with $7 Billion Investment in Next-Generation Semiconductor Factory in Arizona Intel’s Fab 42 will Target Advanced 7 nm Technology and Create More Than 10,000 Jobs in Arizona WASHINGTON, D.C., Feb. 8, 2017 – Intel Corporation today announced plans to invest more than $7 billion to complete Fab 42, which is expected to be the most advanced semiconductor factory in the world. The high-volume factory is in Chandler, Ariz., and is targeted to use the 7 nanometer (nm) manufacturing process. It will produce microprocessors to power data centers and hundreds of millions of smart and connected devices worldwide. The announcement was made by U.S. President Donald Trump and Intel CEO Brian Krzanich at the White House. Intel Corporation on Tuesday, Feb. 8, 2017, announced plans to invest more than $7 billion to complete Fab 42. On completion, Fab 42 in Chandler, Ariz., is expected to be the most advanced semiconductor factory in the world. The completion of Fab 42 in 3 to 4 years will directly create approximately 3,000 high-tech, high-wage Intel jobs for process engineers, equipment technicians, and facilities-support engineers and technicians who will work at the site. Combined with the indirect impact on businesses that will help support the factory’s operations, Fab 42 is expected to create more than 10,000 total long-term jobs in Arizona. Context for the investment was outlined in an e-mail from Intel’s CEO to employees. “Intel’s business continues to grow and investment in manufacturing capacity and R&D ensures that the pace of Moore’s law continues to march on, fueling technology innovations the world loves and depends on,” said Krzanich. “This factory will help the U.S. maintain its position as the global leader in the semiconductor industry.” “Intel is a global manufacturing and technology company, yet we think of ourselves as a leading American innovation enterprise,” Krzanich added. “America has a unique combination of talent, a vibrant business environment and access to global markets, which has enabled U.S. companies like Intel to foster economic growth and innovation. Our factories support jobs — high-wage, high-tech manufacturing jobs that are the economic engines of the states where they are located.” Intel is America’s largest high-technology capital expenditure investor ($5.1 billion in the U.S. 2015) and its third largest investor in global R&D ($12.1 billion in 20151). The majority of Intel’s manufacturing and R&D is in the United States. As a result, Intel employs more than 50,000 people in the United States, while directly supporting almost half a million other U.S. jobs across a range of industries, including semiconductor tooling, software, logistics, channels, OEMs and other manufacturers that incorporate our products into theirs. The 7 nm semiconductor manufacturing process targeted for Fab 42 will be the most advanced semiconductor process technology used in the world and represents the future of Moore’s Law. In 1968 Intel co-founder Gordon Moore predicted that computing power will become significantly more capable and yet cost less year after year. Making a leading-edge computer chip is the most complex manufacturing process in the world, engineering magic that turns sand into semiconductors, the foundation of the knowledge economy. The chips made on the 7 nm process will power the most sophisticated computers, data centers, sensors and other high-tech devices, and enable things like artificial intelligence, more advanced cars and transportation services, breakthroughs in medical research and treatment, and more. These are areas that depend upon having the highest amount of computing power, access to the fastest networks, the most data storage, the smallest chip sizes, and other benefits that come from advancing Moore’s Law. 1PWC Global Innovation 1000 study and Intel 2015 annual report.     Contact Intel Fill out this form for contacting a Intel representative. Your Name: Your E-mail address: Your Company address: Your Phone Number: Write your message:     Search Silicon IP 16,000 IP Cores from 450 Vendors   Related News North American Semiconductor Equipment Industry Posts August 2012 Book-to-Bill Ratio of 0.84 Worldwide Semiconductor Market Grew 3.7% in 2011 to $301 Billion -- IDC Expects 6-7% Revenue Growth in 2012 Global Semiconductor Sales Reach $339 Billion in 2016 Tsinghua to Build $30 Billion Memory Fab in China Apple joins SoftBank's Vision Fund with $1 billion investment   See Intel Latest News >> Breaking News Thread Group Takes Leap Forward with Availability of First Certified Software Stacks from ARM, NXP, OpenThread and Silicon Labs; Launches Product Certification Program TSMC January 2017 Revenue Report GLOBALFOUNDRIES Expands to Meet Worldwide Customer Demand Intrinsic ID's BROADKEY Secures IoT with Key Management Software Powered by SRAM PUF IC Market Growth Limited by Narrow Window of Global GDP Expansion   See Latest News >> Most Popular Report: Apple to add ARM processor to Mac computers Intel Supports American Innovation with $7 Billion Investment in Next-Generation Semiconductor Factory in Arizona TSMC, Samsung Diverge at 7nm Qualcomm Extends Cash Tender Offer for All Outstanding Shares of NXP Thread Group Takes Leap Forward with Availability of First Certified Software Stacks from ARM, NXP, OpenThread and Silicon Labs; Launches Product Certification Program   See the Top 20 >> E-mail This Article Printer-Friendly Page EETimes © 2017 Design And Reuse All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be copied, retransmitted, reposted, duplicated or otherwise used without the express written permission of Design And Reuse. Partner with us Visit our new Partnership Portal for more information. Partner with us List your Products Suppliers, list your IPs for free. List your Products Design-Reuse.com Contact Us About us D&R Partner Program Advertise with Us Privacy Policy
Prescott eNews  |   Chino Valley eNews  |    Prescott Valley eNews    |   eNewsAZ |   QUAD POD Home News Current News KQNA News Community Prescott Valley Chino Valley Yavapai County Events Aviation: Fly Prescott Community Calendar Submit an Event Education Education News Prescott Schools Embry-Riddle ( ERAU) Guidance Aviation Yavapai College Prescott College Northpoint Features Columnists Mountain Gardener In-Home Care Auto Corner On Sale This Week Mile High Show Health Watch Politics Opinion Shack to Mansion Real Estate News & Info Sports College Sports High School Sports Pro Sports Business & Tech Business News Business Intelligence Reports Business Profiles Marketing Minute Non-Profits Pet Organizations Big Brothers Big Sisters Home News Current News KQNA News Community Prescott Valley Chino Valley Yavapai County Events Aviation: Fly Prescott Community Calendar Submit an Event Education Education News Prescott Schools Embry-Riddle ( ERAU) Guidance Aviation Yavapai College Prescott College Northpoint Features Columnists Mountain Gardener In-Home Care Auto Corner On Sale This Week Mile High Show Health Watch Politics Opinion Shack to Mansion Real Estate News & Info Sports College Sports High School Sports Pro Sports Business & Tech Business News Business Intelligence Reports Business Profiles Marketing Minute Non-Profits Pet Organizations Big Brothers Big Sisters Intel Uses White House Visit to Announce $7 Billion Chandler Investment Featured font size + – 09 February 2017   Dustin Quiroz | Cronkite News Photo courtesy Interl Corp The Fab 42 Site Will Cost $7 Billion and Bring as Many as 10,000 Jobs to the State WASHINGTON – Intel CEO Brian Krzanich used the Oval Office as a backdrop Wednesday to formally announce the company’s $7 billion investment in a new chip plant in Chandler, a project that is expected to create as many as 10,000 jobs in Arizona. The project has been planned for years and it will take another three to four years for the company to star operations at the Fab 42 plant, what it is calling one of the most advanced semiconductor factories ever. The announcement was hailed by state leaders and by President Donald Trump, who was on hand in the Oval Office but who let Krzanich do most of the talking during the four-minute event. “We’ll be completing that factory to make the most-advance 7-nanometer semiconductor chips on the planet,” Krzanich said, according to a White House transcript of the announcement. “This factory will produce, as I said, the most powerful computer chips on the planet, powering the best computers, the best data centers, autonomous cars. All of these devices are the most powerful computing devices on the planet,” he said. Intel is currently working on a timeline for the commercialization of the 7-nanometer chip that would be produced in Chandler, so there’s currently no start-date for the Fab 42 site, a company spokeswoman said. While construction for Fab 42 began in 2011, these types of developments are “complex, long-term projects,” said spokeswoman Patricia Oliverio-Lauderdale in an email Wednesday. The decision to move ahead was made after ongoing discussions Intel has been having with the current administration, in addition to the necessity to meet a growing demand for the company’s semiconductors and the availability of the Chandler site. This will be the third processing plant constructed in Chandler, said Mayor Jay Tibshraeny, who said he was not surprised by today’s announcement because of the close relationship between the city and Intel. “We felt that this was coming because we’re constantly working with Intel on infrastructure and water and sewer issues,” he said. “So we knew it was only a matter of time before that plant got back up and running.” Tibshraeny considers Intel a very important “business component” to the city and sees the project as “one of the most significant projects in the world.” Krzanich said Intel is the largest private employer in Arizona, and that the 10,000 long-term jobs expected will also bring about 3,000 high-tech, high-wage jobs. In addition to the economic benefits it will bring to the state, Gov. Doug Ducey said the Intel announcement also reflects defining characteristics of what Arizona and its people represent. “Intel’s commitment to Arizona speaks volumes about our workforce, advanced educational infrastructure, business environment and commitment to technology and innovation,” Ducey said in a statement released by his office. “This represents a core area of Arizona expertise, advanced engineering and manufacturing.” Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Arizona, said Intel’s “high-paying jobs will be a boon for the East Valley economy.” He said in a statement that he welcomed the decision “to invest in Arizona’s workforce and President Trump’s continued commitment to policies that facilitate job creation here in the United States.” While Trump has emphasized bringing jobs back to this country from overseas, Krzanich said the Chandler plant will mean new jobs, not relocated ones. He said the decision to make the announcement in the White House was a bow to Trump administration’s “tax and regulatory policies” that “really make it advantageous to do manufacturing in the U.S.” Rep. Andy Biggs, R-Gilbert, whose district includes Chandler, said in a statement that the announcement is evidence of “a new era of business opportunity across the country and will provide a better future for many in the East Valley.” He credited the Republican push for cutting regulations that has been “resetting the economic climate that has beleaguered our nation’s businesses for the past decade.” While no start date is set, Tibshraeny is hoping to get started soon. “I had a discussion today with Intel talking about how the city can work close with them during the construction phase,” he said. “So I think we’ll see them getting their building team onboard and get their plans completed and then start construction.”   Tweet Related items Survey Looks to Measure Off-Highway Vehicle Financial Impact Education and Health Services Showed Most Job Growth in Arizona in 2016 Arizona’s Highway Safety Message Contest Begins Feds Face Trump Hiring Freeze, With Hundreds of Arizona Jobs Vacant Abortions Dropped in Arizona in 2015, Continuing Four-Year Decline Join the 10,000+ others and subscribe to the newsletter. Get all latest news Newsletter Sign-Up! For Email Newsletters you can trust. ADVERTISING Contact Advertising What Makes US Different SUBMIT Contact Editor Submit Press Release Letter to Editor Editorial Guidelines Submit Article DIGITAL SERVICE Marketing Consulting Contact Digital Services Online Advertising Social Media Marketing Website Development Search Engine Optimization ABOUT Privacy Policy Careers & Jobs Leadership & Staff About Us
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Presidency Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 Connect With Us Pence was told Flynn didn't discuss sanctions, aides say Trump brings up vote fraud again, this time in meeting with senators Trump vexed by challenges, scale of government Trump dumped Abrams over his criticisms during the campaign, sources say 3 key Trump mistakes that led to the travel ban court defeat Chaffetz booed at rowdy town hall Politico Morning Money Political intelligence on the intersection of Washington and Wall Street Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Nordstrom vs. Trump By Ben White and Mary Lee 02/09/17 08:00 AM EST NORDSTROM VS. TRUMP — Brands keep pushing back against President Donald Trump and on Wednesday, at least, the brands won. Shares in Nordstrom Inc. closed the day up over 4 percent after Trump lashed out at the high-end retailer for dropping first daughter Ivanka Trump’s apparel and accessories line. The news of the removal was about a week old. But Trump chose Wednesday morning to fire back, tweeting: “My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person — always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!” The official @potus account then retweeted the attack, putting the full weight of the United States government at the service of Trump’s personal family business squabble. Press secretary Sean Spicer dutifully kept up the attack at the daily briefing, accusing Nordstrom of dropping the line not because it was selling poorly but as a “direct attack” on the administration. Story Continued Below But investors shrugged off Trump, sending Nordstrom shares higher after a brief dip. Other companies targeted by Trump have also seen their shares recover much of their initial declines after finding themselves on the receiving end of a presidential blast. Stocks move for all kinds of reasons, of course. But at least on Wednesday, it appeared that Trump simply gave Nordstrom some free — and potentially welcome — attention. Vox’s Mathew Yglesias: “[I]t may be that investors are anticipating a surge of new sales at the retailer thanks to the massive amount of free publicity Trump garnered for their store, or the way that doing battle with an unpopular president could boost its profile in the large metropolitan areas where most of its stores are located.” Read more. Bloomberg’s Shannon Pettypiece, Richard Clough and Lindsey Rupp: “Trump is intervening in the daily business of U.S. companies to an unprecedented extent, spurring investors and executives to weigh their exposure to his wrath when making decisions. “[After the Nordstrom tweet], Trump was trying to play corporate good cop. Intel Corp.’s Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich was in the Oval Office with Trump when he announced the semiconductor-maker would spend $7 billion on its production facilities in Chandler, Arizona that will create 3,000 jobs, a move that was already widely expected by investors and did little to boost shares.” MM BOOK SHELF — We are excited to read New Yorker staff writer Sheelah Kolhatkar’s new book “Black Edge” about the government’s investigation of Steve Cohen and SAC Capital. Here’s a rave about it from the NYT. Get it on Amazon. CEA MIND-MELD — A plugged in DC veteran offers thoughts on what Trump could do with the in-house economic forecasting shop that still doesn’t have a director: “CEA was created by statute which also requires an annual economic report — so it will be hard to eliminate (it could be ignored, but they do need to fill it out sometime). “What has also not been reported is that the two Members of CEA are no longer Senate-confirmed, only the Chair. … So, it would be very easy for them to simply name a Member and have that person as ‘acting’ until a Chair is nominated. Not sure why they have not done that.” CALLABRIA JOINS TEAM PENCE — POLITICO’s Lorraine Woellert: “Vice President Mike Pence has hired Mark Calabria as his chief economist … Calabria was director of financial regulation studies at the Cato Institute, where he was a prominent voice on financial services and economic policy and an expert on mortgage and housing reform. “Before joining Cato in 2009, Calabria worked for the Senate Banking Committee, where he handled housing, mortgage finance, economics, banking and insurance for then-ranking member Richard Shelby (R-Ala.). His resumé includes stints at the Department of Housing and Urban Development, the National Association of Realtors and the National Association of Home Builders” MELANIA INC. — Tim O’Brien on Bloomberg View: “We can all thank Melania Trump for giving us a clearer sense of what she and her family are looking for from their stay in the White House. … In court papers Melania filed on Monday as part of a libel lawsuit against the parent company of the Daily Mail, she said that the British tabloid and web site, by falsely reporting that she had once worked as a prostitute, caused the first lady to miss ‘major business opportunities’ and ‘multimillion-dollar relationships.’ “The lawsuit … said Melania’s missed deals would have involved such products as ‘apparel, accessories, shoes, jewelry, cosmetics, hair care, skin care, and fragrance.’ Melania’s role as first lady to President Donald Trump would have offered her a ‘once-in-a-lifetime’ opportunity to cash in on such deals, the lawsuit noted, but the reputational damage done by the Daily Mail had disrupted those plans” Read more. ANTHEM DEAL REJECTED — POLITICO’s Paul Demko: “A federal judge halted Anthem’s bid to acquire Cigna for $54 billion … ruling the deal between the insurance giants can't go forward because it would illegally hurt competition. U.S. District Judge Amy Berman Jackson concluded that the merger, which would create the country's largest insurance company, would stifle competition for large employers in a market dominated by just four insurers, including Anthem and Cigna. “The Justice Department successfully argued that the deal would eliminate an innovative, growing competitor in Cigna, and that the savings promised by Anthem were either illusory or not contingent on the merger” Read more. FIRST LOOK: WHY TO WORRY ABOUT PUZDER — Bloomberg Businessweek cover story asks “Is Trump’s nominee for Labor, Andrew Puzder, yet another reason for American workers to worry? YES” Story is here. Cover image. GOOD THURSDAY MORNING — Sounds like MM may be buried under a foot of snow today. Someone come shovel us out. Email me on bwhite@politico.com and follow me on Twitter @morningmoneyben. Email Mary Lee on mlee@politico.com and follow her on Twitter @maryleereports. THIS MORNING ON POLITICO PRO FINANCIAL SERVICES — Patrick Temple-West on the court fight over the fiduciary rule — and to get Morning Money every day before 6 a.m. — please contact Pro Services at (703) 341-4600 info@politicopro.com DRIVING THE DAY — Donald Trump at 9:30 a.m. meets with airline industry CEOs … Jobless claims at 8:30 a.m. expected to rise to 249K from 246K … Wholesale inventories at 10:00 a.m. expected to rise 1.0 percent. 2-FOR-1 ORDER DRAWS LAWSUIT — Trump’s executive order requiring agencies to repeal two regulations for each new regulation drew a lawsuit from Public Citizen, the Natural Resources Defense Council and the Communications Workers of America. See it here. KEEP VOLCKER BUT FIX IT — KBRA’s Chris Whalen in American Banker: “By retaining the Volcker Rule but revising it to address liquidity concerns, the Trump administration could achieve many of the goals of restoring Glass-Steagall while correcting a key problem created by Dodd-Frank.” Read more. MNUCHIN BACKED — The U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce CEO Javier Palomarez in Forbes: “We know that nominee for Secretary of Treasury, Steven Mnuchin, will play a pivotal role within the administration to promote a fair corporate tax rate and roll back much of the complex web of financial regulations that hurt our companies.” Read more. Mnuchin, FWIW, is expected to get confirmed on Saturday. Shortly thereafter look for several top Treasury slots to get announced. ** A message from American Bankers Association: The Durbin Amendment, which imposed government price caps on debit card interchange rates, was supposed to help consumers. Instead, it poured $42 billion into big-box stores’ pockets and left customers empty-handed. Government price controls are a lose-lose for Americans. Let’s repeal the Durbin Amendment. www.aba.com/RepealDurbin ** TRICKY TIME FOR FOREX — Mohamed El-Erian in the FT: “This is a tricky time for foreign exchange traders who now face an unsettling combination of policy uncertainty, fluid international trade arrangements and changes in official practices. … The dollar initially surged as the election of … Trump alongside Republican Congressional majorities fuelled market expectations of higher growth, capital repatriation and tighter monetary policy … “This, together with the post-Trump rise in stocks and government yields, subsequently stalled as market participants waited for policy announcements to translate to design and implementation. Even last Friday’s dramatic financial deregulation signal could not stop a fourth successive week of dollar weakness. Currency markets have also been dealing with unusual uncertainties relating to international trade regimes and White House commentary.” Read more. INTEL APPEASES TRUMP, GETS FREE AD — POLITICO’s Tony Romm and Madeline Conway: “Intel pledged on Wednesday that the chipmaker would commit $7 billion to build a new factory in Arizona while hiring at least 3,000 employees, an expansion that the company’s chief executive, Brian Krzanich, attributed to … Trump — even though some of those plans have been in the works for years. “After a meeting with Trump at the White House, the president essentially turned the microphone over to Krzanich for what amounted to a product unveiling in the Oval Office that aired for free on the major cable networks” Read more. BANKS SEE AN OPENING — POLITICO Pro’s Colin Wilhelm reports: “The war between banks and credit unions over a tax exemption for the latter has a new battleground: the House Republican tax reform plan. “Banks see a way to break through the current stalemate by pushing to include an end to the exemption in the House GOP's yet-to-be released comprehensive tax reform plan.” Read more. DEUTSCHE RETREATS FROM SWAPS CLEARING — FT’s Joe Rennison reports: “Deutsche Bank is closing its US swaps clearing business as it battles to cut costs amid continued questions over its business model. “The bank will continue to clear futures globally, according to people briefed on its plans, but its decision to stop clearing swaps in the US is effective immediately. The business had dwindled, with the German lender slipping to become only the 13th largest clearing bank for US swaps at the end of 2016.”Read more. CHINA’S YUAN HONEYMOON — Bloomberg reports: “China has got the yuan in a sweet spot. The nation’s authorities have let the currency rise enough against the U.S. dollar to put a spanner in President Donald Trump’s assertion that China deliberately undervalues its exchange rate. At the same time, it has weakened against a trade-weighted basket of currencies, giving China a competitive edge in exports.” Read more. BANKS CAN'T WAIT TO WIPE OUT COMPLAINTS DATABASE — Bloomberg’s Shahien Nasiripour reports: “Among the changes enacted through Dodd-Frank was the creation of the database, which catalogues consumer complaints about financial products and services. The law called for the CFPB to maintain it and provide Congress with annual updates analyzing the complaints. “Reviled by banks, the database is a prime target for a Trump administration that has vowed to rewrite Obama-era financial rules and has suggested it will change the consumer bureau’s approach to policing financial markets. Richard Cordray, the bureau's director, is among the complaint portal's biggest proponents.” Read more. GOLDMAN FOLDS LONDON OPERATIONS — Reuters’ Maiya Keidan and Olivia Oran report: “Goldman Sachs Investment Partners (GSIP), which opened in 2008 with one of the biggest launches in hedge fund history, is folding its London operations into the United States and shifting staff members to New York, four sources told Reuters. “About eight staff members who made up the London team were recently told to move to the Battery Park City headquarters of Goldman Sach Group Inc (GS.N) in lower Manhattan or find a new job internally, the sources said.” Read more. WELLS FARGO TO CUT BONUSES — WSJ’s Emily Glazer reports: “Wells Fargo & Co.’s board is likely to eliminate annual bonuses for 2016 for some top executives following the bank’s sales-practices scandal, according to people familiar with the matter. “The cut to compensation isn’t meant to reflect culpability on the part of the executives in connection with the sales-practices scandal, the people said. Rather it is meant to show accountability for the bank’s overall performance.” Read more. INVESTORS PILING ON JUNK BONDS IN TRUMP ERA — FT’s Eric Platt reports: “Investors are piling into some of the riskiest bonds sold by US companies as they bet on President Donald Trump delivering on his promises of a stronger economy, lower taxes and less regulation. “Demand for junk-rated bonds has driven yields on debt with the lowest quality credit rating down towards 10 per cent as more than $10bn has flowed into funds that invest in the asset class since the start of December.” Read more. WORRIES BUILD OVER EURO FATE — NYT’s Landon Thomas Jr. reports: “Even as global stock markets climb, worries are building among investors that long-simmering debt troubles in Greece and Italy will put additional strain on the euro. “Yet with the central bank expected to eventually unwind its purchases of government bonds and other assets, investors are increasingly becoming concerned about how Europe — and Germany, in particular — can cope with escalating debt pressures in Italy and Greece.” Read more. FIRMS SLASH INTEREST TAB: WSJ’s Matt Wirz reports: “Rising interest-rate expectations are fueling the biggest corporate-refinancing boom in years. “U.S. companies refinanced $100 billion of loans in January, the largest monthly total in at least a decade, according to data from S&P Global Inc … .Borrowers in recent months have saved more than $1 billion in annual interest costs by renegotiating terms with their lenders, according to a Wall Street Journal analysis of the data.” Read more. VW THREATENS LEGAL ACTION — FT’s Patrick McGee reports: “Volkswagen threatened legal action against its former chairman on Wednesday as the carmaker stepped into a public feud over whether top executives concealed knowledge about the diesel emissions scandal before it was revealed by US regulators in September 2015. “In the past week, assertions to the contrary have been circulating in German media, based on leaks from what former chairman Ferdinand Piëch, grandson of Ferdinand Porsche, designer of the VW Beetle, allegedly told public prosecutors in Braunschweig, who are investigating the issue.” Read more. FED GENERAL COUNSEL ALVAREZ TO RETIRE: POLITICO Pro’s Victoria Guida reports: “Federal Reserve General Counsel Scott Alvarez, one of the most influential figures at the central bank, will retire later this year after decades at the agency, the Fed announced today. “Alvarez, who has served as general counsel since 2004, has played a key role in shaping the Fed’s approach to monetary policy and its implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act. The Fed Board of Governors said it will launch a search for his replacement.” Read more. ALSO FOR YOUR RADAR — MORE ON DURBIN — The Nat’l Restaurant Association also sent members to the Hill on Wednesday to argue against repeal of the Durbin amendment on swipe fees. Via the association’s VP Leslie Shedd: “If Wall Street gets its way and the current debit swipe-fee protections are removed, it would mean an $8 billion tax on small businesses that goes directly into the pockets of the biggest banks in the country.” GE LAUNCHES 20K WOMEN INITIATIVE — GE on Wednesday announced a goal of having 20,000 women fill STEM roles at GE by 2020 (obtaining a 50:50 representation for all technical entry-level programs). Read more. NEW HOUSEHOLD STUDY — The JPMorgan Chase Institute has a new report out Thursday on the financial resiliency of US households. The report “shows that each year nearly forty percent of US families make at least one extraordinary payment of roughly $1,500. The percentage is even higher for older Americans (44 percent) who often face the added challenge of managing against a fixed income.” Full report. NEW ONLINE LENDING INSTITUTE — POLITICO’s Colin Wilhelm: “A new Online Lending Policy Institute has formed to research marketplace lending and fintech, with the backing of Quicken’s RocketLoans division and Cross River Bank, a New Jersey bank that helps facilitate loans made by marketplace lenders. “The institute will be directed by former Federal Reserve assistant general counsel Con Hurley, who currently teaches banking law at Boston University. In a call with POLITICO Hurley insisted that the institute will focus on research, not advocacy, to differentiate itself from a trade association.” ** A message from American Bankers Association: When the Durbin Amendment was passed in 2010, retailers pledged that consumers would see the savings. Years later, the truth is out: big box stores have pocketed an extra $42 billion—and, according to a Federal Reserve study, just 1 percent of retailers are passing savings onto customers. Even worse, many consumers lost access to free checking and debit card rewards. Enough with broken promises and consumer harm. It’s time to end this lose-lose for consumers and repeal the Durbin Amendment. www.aba.com/RepealDurbin ** « View Archives Authors: Ben White bwhite@politico.com @morningmoneyben Mary Lee mlee@politico.com About The Author Ben White is POLITICO Pro's chief economic correspondent and author of the “Morning Money” column covering the nexus of finance and public policy. Prior to joining POLITICO in the fall of 2009, Mr. White served as a Wall Street reporter for the New York Times, where he shared a Society of Business Editors and Writers award for breaking news coverage of the financial crisis. From 2005 to 2007, White was Wall Street correspondent and U.S. Banking Editor at the Financial Times. White worked at the Washington Post for nine years before joining the FT. He served as national political researcher and research assistant to columnist David S. Broder and later as Wall Street correspondent. White, a 1994 graduate of Kenyon College, has two sons and lives in New York City. About The Author Mary Lee is a web producer for POLITICO Pro. Most Read Trump vexed by challenges, scale of government The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics Inside the protest movement that has Republicans reeling Trump brings up vote fraud again, this time in meeting with senators Pence was told Flynn didn't discuss sanctions, aides say Trump has some awkward exchanges with the Japanese prime minister Trump dumped Abrams over his criticisms during the campaign, sources say Discrepancy in NYT editions prompts Trump rebuke Will the Supreme Court Back Trump? Trump team plans a new executive order Morning Money - POLITICO Archive Friday, 2/10/17 Thursday, 2/9/17 Wednesday, 2/8/17 Tuesday, 2/7/17 Monday, 2/6/17 View the Full Morning Money Archives » Politico Magazine Will the Supreme Court Back Trump? By Richard Primus What Happens When White House Aides Get Too Famous? By Jeff Greenfield Time to Put Rupert Murdoch on Notice By Jack Shafer The Dangerous Link Between Syria and Ukraine By Eerik-Niiles Kross and Molly K. McKew More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Inauguration 2017 Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 February 2017 by Military News Image Signal Processor (ISP) Market 2017 Global Key Vendors Analysis, Revenue, Trends & Forecast To 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Image Signal Processor (ISP) – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Pune, India – February 9, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — Summary Wiseguyreports.Com Adds „Image Signal Processor (ISP) – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022” This report studies sales (consumption) of Image Signal Processor (ISP) in Global market, especially in United States, China, Europe and Japan, focuses on top players in these regions/countries, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player in these regions, covering Intel DxO THine Electronics ON Semiconductor Fujitsu NVIDIA CEL Renesas Generic Imaging Altek Xilinx Click here for a sample report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/941654-global-image-signal-processor-isp-sales-market-report-2017 Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share and growth rate of Image Signal Processor (ISP) in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like United States China Europe Japan Korea Taiwan Split by product Types, with sales, revenue, price and gross margin, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Type I Type II Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Image Signal Processor (ISP) in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 …… At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/941654-global-image-signal-processor-isp-sales-market-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Image Signal Processor (ISP) Sales Market Report 2017 1 Image Signal Processor (ISP) Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Image Signal Processor (ISP) 1.2 Classification of Image Signal Processor (ISP) 1.2.1 Type I 1.2.2 Type II 1.3 Application of Image Signal Processor (ISP) 1.3.1 Application 1 1.3.2 Application 2 1.4 Image Signal Processor (ISP) Market by Regions 1.4.1 United States Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.2 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Korea Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Taiwan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Image Signal Processor (ISP) (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Image Signal Processor (ISP) Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Image Signal Processor (ISP) Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) …… 9 Global Image Signal Processor (ISP) Manufacturers Analysis 9.1 Intel 9.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.1.2 Image Signal Processor (ISP) Product Type, Application and Specification 9.1.2.1 Product A 9.1.2.2 Product B 9.1.3 Intel Image Signal Processor (ISP) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.2 DxO 9.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.2.2 Image Signal Processor (ISP) Product Type, Application and Specification 9.2.2.1 Product A 9.2.2.2 Product B 9.2.3 DxO Image Signal Processor (ISP) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.3 THine Electronics 9.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.3.2 Image Signal Processor (ISP) Product Type, Application and Specification 9.3.2.1 Product A 9.3.2.2 Product B 9.3.3 THine Electronics Image Signal Processor (ISP) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.4 ON Semiconductor 9.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.4.2 Image Signal Processor (ISP) Product Type, Application and Specification 9.4.2.1 Product A 9.4.2.2 Product B 9.4.3 ON Semiconductor Image Signal Processor (ISP) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.5 Fujitsu 9.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.5.2 Image Signal Processor (ISP) Product Type, Application and Specification 9.5.2.1 Product A 9.5.2.2 Product B 9.5.3 Fujitsu Image Signal Processor (ISP) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.6 NVIDIA 9.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.6.2 Image Signal Processor (ISP) Product Type, Application and Specification 9.6.2.1 Product A 9.6.2.2 Product B 9.6.3 NVIDIA Image Signal Processor (ISP) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.7 CEL 9.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.7.2 Image Signal Processor (ISP) Product Type, Application and Specification 9.7.2.1 Product A 9.7.2.2 Product B 9.7.3 CEL Image Signal Processor (ISP) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.8 Renesas 9.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.8.2 Image Signal Processor (ISP) Product Type, Application and Specification 9.8.2.1 Product A 9.8.2.2 Product B 9.8.3 Renesas Image Signal Processor (ISP) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.9 Generic Imaging 9.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.9.2 Image Signal Processor (ISP) Product Type, Application and Specification 9.9.2.1 Product A 9.9.2.2 Product B 9.9.3 Generic Imaging Image Signal Processor (ISP) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.10 Altek 9.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.10.2 Image Signal Processor (ISP) Product Type, Application and Specification 9.10.2.1 Product A 9.10.2.2 Product B 9.10.3 Altek Image Signal Processor (ISP) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.11 Xilinx ……..CONTINUED Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=941654 Contact info Contact Us: sales@wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) ; Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/image-signal-processor-isp-market-2017-global-key-vendors-analysis-revenue-trends-forecast-to-2022/168403 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/941654-global-image-signal-processor-isp-sales-market-report-2017 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 168403 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Tailored Video Lead Generation Sketch Animate Business Message Software Launched (Thu 9th Feb 17) Size Of Plastic Lenses Market Forecast To 2022 In 2017 Report (Thu 9th Feb 17) Gary Rixson Passionate for Feeding America and Charity Miles Takes to the Street (Thu 9th Feb 17) Mechanical Circulatory Support Industry (MCS) With Focus On The Ventricular Assist Device (VAD): 2020 Development Trends & Forecasts Report (Thu 9th Feb 17) Digital Music Universe, S.A. Launches to Help for Musicians Around the World (Thu 9th Feb 17) Wind Turbines Industry 2017 Application, Segmentation, Consumption And Forecast To 2022 (Thu 9th Feb 17) CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbase, Business, Companies, company, Industry, Markets, Music, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Allegion, Brivo Integration Offers New Cloud-Based Access Control For Schlage(R) NDE Series Wireless Locks Next PostNext Harvey, Hanna & Associates Welcomes Hermann Total Distribution Service to Twin Spans Business Park Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 February 2017 by Military News Apache Spot (Incubating) Provides Scalable, Flexible, Open Source Cybersecurity Hub for Forensic, Telemetry and Contextual Data PALO ALTO, Calif., Feb. 09, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Cloudera, the global provider of the fastest, easiest, and most secure data management, analytics and machine learning platform built on the latest open source technologies, today announced that Apache Spot (incubating) now acts as a modern, open-source solution that can economically provide a comprehensive cybersecurity hub for forensic, telemetry, and contextual data. These capabilities combined with log management, compliance, reporting and advanced netflow analytics are being used to power machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI) cybersecurity applications for advanced threat hunting and reduced mean time to detection and investigation. Since Spot’s launch in September of 2016, Cloudera, alongside Intel and other project collaborators, have continued to accelerate the larger vision of fighting cybercrime via a community supported open data model. In today’s cybersecurity landscape, there is a proliferation of data that organizations need to constantly monitor. Cyber criminals have discovered ways to learn from one another, while enterprises have been operating independently to fight threats. Spot allows security operation centers to break down siloed proprietary application data repositories by creating a single, shared open data model that any vendor or custom security application can plug into. Spot also works with the Apache Spark community, enabling organizations to harness the parallel processing power for advanced detection using machine learning and AI. “Cobbling together cybersecurity applications without a common architecture creates data silos that limit the effectiveness of advanced analytics that can be used for faster threat detection, investigation and remediation,” said Tom Reilly, chief executive officer at Cloudera. “The Apache Spot project is breaking down data constraints to open up new analytics capabilities, enabling organizations across industries to reduce risk.” In September 2016, Intel donated Spot to the Apache Software Foundation with Cloudera’s support. This donation marked a significant milestone for the cybersecurity industry. Intel and Cloudera’s efforts towards Apache Spot have provided a new level of cybersecurity response and the community at large continues to discover new analytics functionality for detecting advanced cyber threats that are impacting our society. Since launching, Apache Spot has already been recognized by the industry and awarded InfoWorld’s 2017 Technology of the Year and an Edison Award for Collective Disruption. Intel Corporation “The momentum generated behind the Apache Spot community is allowing us to collectively come together to enable AI and provide comprehensive visibility across all security data using an open, scalable platform. Spot’s open data models, scalability, and flexibility has fostered a rich ecosystem of AI-based applications that can run simultaneously on a single, shared, enriched data set.” — Alan Ross, senior principal engineer and chief cloud security architect Context Relevant “With Apache Spot, CISOs now have a way to effectively centralize all of their cybersecurity data in one open platform. Context Relevant is excited to deliver our ML-driven Context Security Engine on top of Spot, empowering our customers to rapidly identify and stop advanced persistent threats. We want to concentrate on innovative results for security analysts, not the cumbersome management of data sources. Spot’s advantage is knocking out barriers between organizations’ existing security data repositories, enabling the Context Security Engine to connect advanced behaviors across datasets and dramatically reduce the mean time to threat detection.” — Dustin Hillard, vice president of Engineering Arcadia Data “To get a complete picture of a security posture requires real-time analyses across a diverse set of corporate data sources siloed away in systems that are too slow or expensive to handle. Apache Spot brings together this myriad of data sources so Arcadia Data can enable security professionals to be build advanced visual applications that capture investigative workflows, real-time incident response and machine learning-guided data exploration for the very first time across networks, entities, applications, and endpoints.” — Shant Hovsepian, co-founder and chief technology officer Streamsets Inc. “StreamSets works within the Apache Spot community to accelerate cybersecurity data ingestion into the Apache Spot open data model. By contributing pre-assembled pipelines and connectivity, StreamSets equips organizations to easily create Apache Spot applications that analyze diverse security-oriented data feeds in order to quickly detect threats through machine learning.” — Arvind Prabhakar, co-founder and chief technology officer Additional Links About Cloudera Cloudera delivers the modern data management, analytics and machine learning platform built on Apache Hadoop, Apache Spark and the latest open source technologies. The world’s leading organizations trust Cloudera to help solve their most challenging business problems with Cloudera Enterprise, the fastest, easiest and most secure data platform available for the modern world. Our customers efficiently capture, store, process and analyze vast amounts of data, empowering them to use advanced analytics and machine learning to drive business decisions quickly, flexibly and at lower cost than has been possible before. To ensure our customers are successful, we offer comprehensive support, training and professional services. Learn more at cloudera.com. Connect with Cloudera About Cloudera: cloudera.com/content/cloudera/en/about/company-profile.html Read our blogs: blog.cloudera.com/ and vision.cloudera.com/ Follow us on Twitter: twitter.com/cloudera Visit us on Facebook: facebook.com/cloudera Join the Cloudera Community: community.cloudera.com Cloudera, Hue, and associated marks are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cloudera Inc. All other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners. ### 
Press Contact:
Deborah Wiltshire
Cloudera
press@cloudera.com
+1 (650) 644-3900
 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, capture, Companies, company, fight, Industry, intelligence, officer, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bolthouse Farms Grows Organic Offerings with NEW Line of Lower Calorie, Lower Fat Organic Dressings Next PostNext Cold Stone Creamery Enters The Chilean Market With A Grab And Go Line Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Intel is hiring American workers to make high-tech chips that could displace American workers Quartz Sarah Kessler 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Where the Obamas are headed after the White House 15 celebrities who had epic fails as entrepreneurs Click to expand Replay Video Trump's wall to cost $21.6 billion A Homeland Security Department report seen by Reuters also says the border wall President Trump wants could take more than three years to build. Fred Katayama reports. Reuters Man sues Uber for ruining his marriage Cote d’Azur is a french business man who believes Uber’s technology is the reason that his marriage ended. He said that through the app his wife could see where he had been and he was going. Apparently, his wife did not approve of where he had been and they got divorced. He is now suing Uber for 45 million euros, which is $48 million American dollars. Uber has not yet commented on the lawsuit publicly. It is their policy to not make comments about individual cases. Wochit Business Will the Lego Batman movie be a boost to Lego sales? Entertainment Reporter Katrina Szish previews the movies in theaters this weekend and the Grammy Awards. Fox Business SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO CEO Says Intel Will Invest $7 Billion in Chip Factory Bloomberg See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump's wall to cost $21.6 billion Reuters1:04 Man sues Uber for ruining his marriage Wochit Business0:32 Will the Lego Batman movie be a boost to Lego sales? Fox Business4:01 Meet the collaborative robots that work with you Bloomberg3:14 An interesting shift is happening in the marijuana business International Business Times1:00 Is Under Armour asking for a backlash? The Wall Street Journal.0:43 Serial house sitting is the new fad for retirees CNBC0:56 This zero-waste packaging is made from bamboo CNN Money3:19 Top grossing pets on Instagram GOBankingRates1:13 Trump's tweets aren't helping Twitter make money Veuer0:42 Weak peso helps tequila giant Jose Cuervo go public The Wall Street Journal.1:02 Beautiful beaches that are ridiculously expensive GOBankingRates1:06 How do fake news sites make money? BBC News1:13 Trump meets with airlines CNBC2:00 This is the world's most expensive chocolate bar CNBC0:39 Honoured Apple CEO takes aim at Trump Reuters1:31 UP NEXT Intel is building a $7 billion manufacturing plant in Arizona that will create “3,000 high-paying, high-wage, high-tech jobs,” CEO Brian Krzanich announced after a meeting with US president Donald Trump on Tuesday. “The people of Arizona will be very happy,” Trump said. “It’s a lot of jobs.” Quotes in the article Intel Corp INTC ▼ 35.34 -0.12 -0.34% Trump made “bringing back jobs” a central theme in his campaign, and he has continued to emphasize it in the early days of his presidency. Last month, for instance, the president told business leaders that he would use taxes and other penalties to punish American companies who move manufacturing jobs abroad. In that context, there’s something a bit ironic about the Intel announcement. While the newly announced factory will create jobs, those jobs will be centered on producing computer chips that help enable another threat to jobs: automation technology. Intel began building the Arizona factory several years ago. (At the time, Obama also praised the company for creating manufacturing jobs.) It then put the project on hold in 2014, citing changing market conditions. Krzanich said that Trump’s push to cut taxes and regulations influenced his decision to re-up the plant this year. Intel is the world’s largest computer-chip manufacturer; its chips are used in cars, drones, wearables, and data centers. Some chips in the new factory will be made using Intel’s most advanced manufacturing process, which condenses computing power further than ever before, making said chips useful for technologies that involve huge amounts of data. In an email to employees, Krzanich mentioned possible uses that include artificial intelligence, automated driving, and “the factories of the future.” All of those advances are expected to replace and augment human labor. Nor will automation be limited to industries heavy on manufacturing. A recent analysis by McKinsey concluded that 51% of activities in the US economy, accounting for almost $2.7 trillion in wages, could be automated using existing artificial intelligence. Although the analysis found few jobs could be automated entirely, and argued that automation is necessary to maintain global economic growth, it also warned that in the short term, artificial intelligence and robots could cause “significant labor displacement” and “exacerbate a growing skills and employment gap that already exists between high-skill and low-skill workers.” The Obama White House, for instance, estimated that 3.1 million drivers in the US could lose their jobs to automated cars (the administration did not estimate how many new jobs might be developed, or lay out a timeline for when automation might occur). Among its suggestions: “Educate and train Americans for jobs of the future.” It turns out that at least 3,000 of those jobs of the future—at least the very near future—will be in manufacturing. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Quartz Scientists found a way to use stomach acid as a power source Quartz The chaos of South Africa’s taxi system is being tackled with open data Quartz Chinese clampdown reveals a fundamental problem with the bitcoin markets Quartz Hong Kong’s cardinal on a Vatican-China deal: “It is clear which path the Church ought to take” Quartz Quartz View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Newegg Mobile Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event Free Shipping Clearance Savings Sweetheart Savings Apple Clearance What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel 7th Gen Tax Portal More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 49 2154 271 760 1029 43 196 342 112 80 748 498 Editor Tested Ultraloq, A Biometric Smart Lock CarVi, A Smarter Driving Assistant EKWB, Premium Cooling Systems Trending Events Gifts for Your Valentine Small Home Appliances Sale Grooming Liquidation Sale For Sellers Sell on Marketplace Save Big with Shipped by Newegg iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Components >  Barebone / Mini Computers >  Mini-PC Barebone >  Intel >  Item#: N82E16856102144 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … Intel NUC (Next Unit of Computing) BOXNUC6I5SYH 2 x 260Pin SO-DIMM Intel Iris graphics 540 1 x full-size HDMI 1.4b 1 x mini DisplayPort 1.2 Aluminum and Plastic Mini / Booksize Barebone System Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller 6th generation Intel Core i5-6260U (1.8 GHz up to 2.9 GHz Turbo, Dual Core, 4MB Cache, 15W TDP) Intel Iris graphics 540 1 x full-size HDMI 1.4b 1 x mini DisplayPort 1.2 2 x 260Pin SO-DIMM DDR4 2133 LOADING... Intel NUC (Next Unit of Computing) BOXNUC6I5SYH 2 x 260Pin SO-DIMM Intel Iris graphics 540 1 x full-size HDMI 1.4b 1 x mini DisplayPort 1.2 Aluminum and Plastic Mini / Booksize Barebone System Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A   INTEL® NUC KITS NUC6I5SYK AND NUC6I5SYH     Get ready to be astonished by what small can do. A Mini PC with the power of a desktop tower, the Intel® NUC Kits NUC6i5SYH and NUC6i5SYK are equipped with Intel's newest architecture, the 6th generation Intel® Core™ i5-6260U processor. With Intel® Turbo Boost technology to accelerate processor and graphics performance for your peak loads, you can experience the thrill of gaming with your friends or the heart-stopping excitement of streaming the latest Hollywood blockbuster, along with the performance you need to access multiple applications easily or create your own digital media. With 7.1 surround sound and a full-sized HDMI port for brilliant 4K resolution, the NUC6i5SYH and NUC6i5SYK are ideal for home theater PCs, media server PCs, and gaming PCs. The consumer infrared sensor means you can control your NUC from the comfort of your couch. The NUC6i5SYH has room for a 2.5" drive so you can store all your media and an M.2 SSD so you can transfer your data at lightning speeds. The even thinner NUC6i5SYK has room for an M.2 SSD.   See your movies in brilliant 4K with Intel® Iris™ Graphics The Intel® Iris™ Graphics 540 with 4K display capabilities provide a brilliant HD experience for gaming and home theaters. You can watch theater-quality 4K videos in your living room or grab a game controller and answer the call of duty. You also have the performance you need to create content without having to wait as your video and images render.   Designed for Windows® 10, so you can get more done The Intel NUC is designed for Windows® 10 and has the performance you need to stream media, edit photos and files, or create projects. With support for up to 32 GB of RAM, you can get the memory you need to multitask, and with 4 USB 3.0 ports including a USB charging port, you can use a USB keyboard, mouse, and Intel® RealSense™ camera, and still have room to charge your phone or tablet.   Cut the cords, not the performance The NUC6i5SYH and NUC6i5SYK come with Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 8260, Intel's fastest wireless available today, so you can connect out of the box and access files, movies, and music in the cloud, along with built-in Bluetooth 4.1 so you can connect wireless peripherals. Playing content wirelessly from Intel NUC on you big-screen HDTV has never been easier with Intel® Wireless Display (Intel® WiDi). Watch videos. Display photos, Look at presentations. Connect your Intel NUC to a WiDi receiver or WiDi-enabled TV and experience rich, vibrant visuals and audio without the clutter of cables.   GO SMALL. GET BIG. Highlighted Features 6th Generation Intel® Core™ i5-6260U processor Intel® Iris™ Graphics 540 Two DDR4 SO-DIMM sockets (up to 32 GB, 2133 MHz) M.2 slot with flexible support for a 42 or 80 mm M.2 SSD, 1xSATA3 port for connection to 2.5" HDD or SSD (NUC6i5SYH) Intel® Dual Band Wireless-AC 8260 and Bluetooth 4.1 Back panel DC power connector (12V-19V) One HDMI 1.4b display port supporting 8 channel audio (7.1 surround sound) Intel® Gigabit LAN 2x USB 3.0 ports on the back panel One Mini DisplayPort version 1.2 supporting 8 channel digital audio (7.1 surround sound) Kensington lock support Support for user-replaceable third-party lids SD card slot 2x USB 3.0 ports (including one charging port) Intel® HD Audio via Headphone/Microphone jack Consumer infrared sensor   Intel® NUC Kits: NUC6i5SYH and NUC6i5SYK Product Brief Explore this product brief and get ready to be astonished by what small can do—a mini PC with the power of a desktop tower, the Intel® NUC Kits NUC6i5SYH and NUC6i5SYK are equipped with Intel's newest architecture, the 6th generation Intel® Core™ i5-6260U processor. With 7.1 surround sound and a full-sized HDMI* port for brilliant 4K resolution, the NUC6i5SYH and NUC6i5SYK are ideal for home theater PCs, media server PCs, and gaming PCs. Learn more about the Intel BOXNUC6I5SYH General| Brand Intel Series NUC (Next Unit of Computing) Model BOXNUC6I5SYH CPU Supported| CPU Type 6th generation Intel Core i5-6260U (1.8 GHz up to 2.9 GHz Turbo, Dual Core, 4MB Cache, 15W TDP) Memory Supported| Memory installed No Memory Memory slot 2 x 260Pin SO-DIMM Memory Type Supported DDR4 2133 Max Memory Supported 32GB Dual Channel Memory Supported Yes Expansion Slots| Other Internal support for M.2 SSD card (22x42 or 22x80) Internal SATA3 support for 2.5" HDD/SSD (up to 9.5mm thickness) SDXC slot with UHS-I support on the side Storage| Hard Drive Installed No Hard Drive Graphics| Onboard Video Intel Iris graphics 540 1 x full-size HDMI 1.4b 1 x mini DisplayPort 1.2 Audio| Channel 7.1 Channel Communications| Max LAN Speed 10/100/1000Mbps Wireless LAN IEEE 802.11ac Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.1 Front Panel Ports| Front USB 2 x USB 3.0 2 x Internal USB 2.0 via header Back Panel Ports| Rear USB 2 x USB 3.0 Power Supply| Power Supply Power Adapter: 19V, 65W wall-mount AC-DC power adapter Multi-country plugs Physical SPEC| Dimensions 1.89" x 4.53" x 4.37" Material Aluminum and Plastic Features| Features Support for user-replaceable 3rd party lids NFC and AUX_PWR headers OS certs: Windows 10, 8 & 8.1 Logo'd OS compatibility: Ubuntu, Linux Mint, Fedora, OpenSUSE VESA mount bracket and mounting hole support Low-acoustics active cooling design Kensington lock with base security Integration Guide 12-19V DC Power Input Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 3 years Limited Warranty period (labor): 3 years Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.intel.com| Support Phone: 1-916-377-7000 Support Website| View other products from Intel Return Policies Return for refund within: Non-refundable Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Replacement Only Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions.Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset compare Best Service Sellers Adorama Camera Sold and Shipped by: Adorama Camera Ask Adorama Camera about: Intel NUC (Next Unit of Computing) BOXNUC6I5SYH 2 x 260Pin SO-DIMM Intel Iris graphics 540 1 x full-size HDMI 1.4b 1 x mini DisplayPort 1.2 Aluminum and Plastic Mini / Booksize Barebone System Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (2,988) Ships from United States. PC Rush Sold and Shipped by: PC Rush Ask PC Rush about: Intel NUC (Next Unit of Computing) BOXNUC6I5SYH 2 x 260Pin SO-DIMM Intel Iris graphics 540 1 x full-size HDMI 1.4b 1 x mini DisplayPort 1.2 Aluminum and Plastic Mini / Booksize Barebone System Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (2,696) Ships from United States. Mega Retail Store Sold and Shipped by: Mega Retail Store Ask Mega Retail Store about: Intel NUC (Next Unit of Computing) BOXNUC6I5SYH 2 x 260Pin SO-DIMM Intel Iris graphics 540 1 x full-size HDMI 1.4b 1 x mini DisplayPort 1.2 Aluminum and Plastic Mini / Booksize Barebone System Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (1,001) Ships from United States. BuyVPC.com Sold and Shipped by: BuyVPC.com Ask BuyVPC.com about: Intel NUC (Next Unit of Computing) BOXNUC6I5SYH 2 x 260Pin SO-DIMM Intel Iris graphics 540 1 x full-size HDMI 1.4b 1 x mini DisplayPort 1.2 Aluminum and Plastic Mini / Booksize Barebone System Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (1,572) Ships from United States. antonline.com Sold and Shipped by: antonline.com Ask antonline.com about: Intel NUC (Next Unit of Computing) BOXNUC6I5SYH 2 x 260Pin SO-DIMM Intel Iris graphics 540 1 x full-size HDMI 1.4b 1 x mini DisplayPort 1.2 Aluminum and Plastic Mini / Booksize Barebone System Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:3/5 (10,837) Ships from United States. Compare offers from more sellers as low as $319.99 plus shipping Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get: Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website No re-stocking fees Learn More | Sign-in Condition Guidelines The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book Wish Lists Email Notifications Subscriptions Orders Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Sell on Newegg Marketplace Shipped by Newegg Become an Affiliate Become a Newegg Vendor Site Map Shop by Brand Product Review Video Center Rebates Trade-In Your Items Mobile Apps Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2017 Newegg Inc.  All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular Authors Magazine Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular Magazine World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Quizzes Puzzles Newsletters Shop World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Quizzes Puzzles Newsletters Authors Shop Menu Subscribe Give a gift Digital subscription Try the Week Magazine After Trump meeting, Intel announces $7 billion Arizona factory investment February 9, 2017 'Leftist Fight Club' teaches Florida college students how to fight Trump supporters February 10, 2017 This California woman is divorcing her husband of 22 years because he voted for Trump February 10, 2017 U.S. investigators reportedly confirm some details of Russia dossier February 10, 2017 This beautiful vintage computer makes personal desktops cool again February 10, 2017 Grammy trophy presenters to include man, transgender woman February 10, 2017 President Trump reportedly told the Senate a totally bananas lie about voter fraud February 10, 2017 Your dog is constantly judging you February 10, 2017 See More Speed Reads FOLLOW THE WEEK ON FACEBOOK Jobs Edit After Trump meeting, Intel announces $7 billion Arizona factory investment February 9, 2017   Chris Kleponis-Pool/Getty Images On Wednesday, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich unveiled plans to complete an advanced semiconductor factory in Chandler, Arizona, from the Oval Office, standing next to President Trump. Intel, the world's largest computer chip maker, broke ground on the plant in 2011 (former President Barack Obama visited in 2012), but Intel suspended the project when the PC market hit a slump. Krzanich said the company decided to make this $7 billion investment now because of "the tax and regulatory policies we see the administration pushing forward." In a note to employees, Krzanich said Intel had coordinated the unveiling with the White House starting a few weeks ago to signal support for the parts of Trump's agenda that benefit Intel, like the push to make U.S. manufacturing more globally competitive. But "when we disagree, we don't walk away," he added. Intel and other big Silicon Valley companies have signed on to a legal brief opposing Trump's executive order banning travel and immigration from seven majority-Muslim nations, but many of them are in favor of Trump's proposed corporate tax breaks and seek incentives for research and development. Intel also wants the federal government to scale back restrictions on exporting certain types of advanced chip technology, The New York Times notes, specifically regulations that "forbid the company from making its high-end processors in China." About half of Intel's 106,000 employees are in the U.S. Peter Weber   After Trump meeting, Intel announces $7 billion Arizona factory investment February 9, 2017 Only in America Edit 'Leftist Fight Club' teaches Florida college students how to fight Trump supporters February 10, 2017   iStock A group of students at the University of Central Florida hosted a "Leftist Fight Club" event to train liberal students to defend themselves against Trump supporters and "other Alt-Right Neo-Nazis," Fox News reports. An amateur boxer was on hand to demonstrate hand-to-hand combat techniques, and the clinic was billed as open to "everyone except Republicans." Event planners specifically encouraged women to attend the event, saying the president "is a sexual predator and rapist." The university said the group that sponsored the event, called the "Knights for Socialism," is not a registered student group and is not officially affiliated with the school. The Week Staff   'Leftist Fight Club' teaches Florida college students how to fight Trump supporters February 10, 2017 Only in America Edit This California woman is divorcing her husband of 22 years because he voted for Trump February 10, 2017   ROBYN BECK/AFP/Getty Images A California couple is divorcing after 22 years of marriage because their disagreement over President Donald Trump had become a "deal breaker." Gayle McCormick, 73, a Democrat, had not previously fought about politics with her conservative husband, but she felt "betrayed" by his decision to vote for Trump, Reuters reports. "It totally undid me that he could vote for Trump," McCormick said. A recent Reuters/Ipsos poll found that 13 percent of Americans had ended relationships over the presidential election. Some 16 percent of the 6,426 respondents said they've stopped talking to a family member or friend over the results The Week Staff   This California woman is divorcing her husband of 22 years because he voted for Trump February 10, 2017 This just in Edit U.S. investigators reportedly confirm some details of Russia dossier February 10, 2017   Mario Tama/Getty Images U.S. investigators have been able to confirm some details of the 35-page dossier claiming Russia has compromising information on President Trump, CNN reported Friday. Up until this point, investigators had been unable to verify the claims asserted in the document, which was compiled by a retired British intelligence agent and revealed to the public Jan. 10. CNN said that while the dossier's more "salacious" claims remain unverified, investigators have corroborated details about some of the communications "between senior Russian officials and other Russian individuals." The dossier includes "a dozen" conversations between foreign nationals, and investigators have been able to confirm that "some of the conversations described in the dossier took place between the same individuals on the same days and from the same locations as detailed in the dossier" after intercepting communications during "routine intelligence gathering," CNN said. Some of the individuals involved in the intercepted communications were previously found to be "heavily involved" in leaking information from Democratic organizations that proved harmful to Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign. CNN did not reveal specifics, including whether these latest findings are at all connected to Trump, but the confirmations have given U.S. intelligence "greater confidence" in the dossier's credibility. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer responded to CNN's request for comment combatively: "We continue to be disgusted by CNN's fake news reporting," Spicer said, echoing Trump's previous dismissals of the reports as "phony stuff." Spokespeople for various intelligence agencies declined to comment. Becca Stanek   U.S. investigators reportedly confirm some details of Russia dossier February 10, 2017 For those who have everything Edit This beautiful vintage computer makes personal desktops cool again February 10, 2017   Courtesy image Back in the day, buying a computer meant you got a circuit board and some instructions. The Volta V ($1,999) harks back to that minimalist 1970s aesthetic, when long-haired nerds had to build their own cases out of wood. Available in a fully assembled bamboo and walnut case, this "simple but elegant" desktop computer comes "packed with the latest technology," says Joshua Fruhlinger at The Wall Street Journal. That includes a high-end motherboard, graphics card, and solid-state hard drive. Like the DIY computers of yore, it has modular components that can be upgraded for years to come. Just lift the magnetized lid and swap parts as you please. The Week Staff   This beautiful vintage computer makes personal desktops cool again February 10, 2017 a first Edit Grammy trophy presenters to include man, transgender woman February 10, 2017   GABRIEL BOUYS/AFP/Getty Images Traditionally, only women have presented trophies at the Grammys, but at the 59th Grammy Awards ceremony this Sunday a man and a transgender woman will be among the presenters, Recording Academy President Neil Portnow announced Friday. "To be honest, the idea of a 'trophy girl' has felt antiquated for some time now," Portnow said in a statement. "Who wrote that rule anyway? The ability to present a trophy has nothing to do with one's gender." Portnow explained the change wasn't intended to be "provocative or buck convention," The Associated Press noted, but to recognize that "music's universal power lies in its spirit of inclusion." The three trophy handlers for the 2017 Grammys are transgender model Martina Robledo, model and actor Derek Marrocco, and model and actress Hollin Haley. The Grammys will be hosted by James Corden and air Sunday, Feb. 12 on CBS at 8 p.m. ET. There will be performances by Chance the Rapper, who is nominated for seven Grammy awards, as well as Beyoncé, Adele, Katy Perry, Lady Gaga and Metallica, and Carrie Underwood and Keith Urban. Becca Stanek   Grammy trophy presenters to include man, transgender woman February 10, 2017 palm to face Edit President Trump reportedly told the Senate a totally bananas lie about voter fraud February 10, 2017   Andrew Harrer - Pool/Getty Images President Trump reportedly spent a meeting with 10 senators on Thursday complaining about voter fraud. The gathering was intended to be a discussion about Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch. Politico reported that as soon as reporters exited the room, Trump began telling the group of senators how both he and former Sen. Kelly Ayotte (R-N.H.) — who lost her re-election bid and is now serving as a Capitol Hill liaison for Trump on Gorsuch's nomination — were victims of a rigged election. Ayotte was in the room, as was White House Counsel Don McGahn. Trump obviously won the election, but he narrowly lost New Hampshire to Hillary Clinton. He told senators Thursday that was because of the "thousands" of people "brought in on buses" from Massachusetts to "illegally vote" in New Hampshire. The room reportedly responded with an "uncomfortable silence." Trump indicated that this voter fraud, of which there is no evidence, had also affected Ayotte, though he suggested her loss might have also had something to do with her decision to distance herself from him after he criticized the parents of a Muslim Gold Star soldier. "He told her, 'You'd have won if you'd been on my train," a participant told Politico. Then, as the cherry on top of that crumbling cake, Trump told Democrats he was glad "Pocahontas" — his chosen nickname for Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) — was "becoming the face of 'your party,'" Politico reported. Trump has repeatedly claimed millions voted illegally in the presidential election, causing him to lose the popular vote to Clinton, but he has yet to produce any evidence to substantiate those claims. Becca Stanek   President Trump reportedly told the Senate a totally bananas lie about voter fraud February 10, 2017 big pupper is watching you Edit Your dog is constantly judging you February 10, 2017   It's not just your parents who want you to be nice to other people. New research by scientists at Kyoto University has found that dogs judge humans based on how they treat other people, New Scientist reports: … The researchers tested whether dogs preferred people who helped their owner. Each owner tried to open a container then presented it to one of two actors. This actor either helped or refused to do so, while the other actor was passive. Then the two actors offered the dog a reward and it chose between them. The dogs had no preference when the first actor had helped their owner, but were more likely to choose the passive actor if the first one had refused to help. [New Scientist] Dogs evolved closely alongside humans, which means they are particularly sensitive to how people act. The Kyoto study also tested monkeys, and found similar results, with the primates preferring people who acted kindly or generously. Even human morality might be evolutionary: "I think that in humans there may be this basic sensitivity towards antisocial behavior in others. Then through growing up, inculturation and teaching, it develops into a full-blown sense of morality,” said comparative psychologist James Anderson. Watch the dogs make judgments in the study below. Jeva Lange   Your dog is constantly judging you February 10, 2017 See More Speed Reads More about The Week Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Get 4 Risk-Free issues of The Week TRY IT OUT Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Ad info
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Industry Components News 0 Intel makes $7 billion investment into Fab 42 for 7nm technology by Mark Tyson on 9 February 2017, 10:11 Tags: Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qadd5g Add to My Vault: Intel has announced that it plans to invest $7 billion to complete a new node at its Fab 42 semiconductor factory in Chandler, Arizona (pictured below). This high-volume factory is earmarked for production of processors made with 7nm process technology. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich made the announcement, which should mean the creation more than 10,000 US jobs, alongside US President Donald Trump at the White House. "Intel's business continues to grow and investment in manufacturing capacity and R&D ensures that the pace of Moore's law continues to march on, fuelling technology innovations the world loves and depends on," said Krzanich. "This factory will help the U.S. maintain its position as the global leader in the semiconductor industry." In a press release concerning the Fab 42 news Intel claims to be America's largest high-technology capital expenditure investor with $5.1 billion invested in the US in 2015, and the third largest global R&D investor with $12.1 billion spent in 2015. Intel directly employs more than 50,000 people in the US and it is estimated that half a million people are employed by industries that support Intel operations. Thanks to its huge new investments in turning "sand into semiconductors" Fab 42 will be at the forefront of "the most advanced semiconductor process technology used in the world," says Intel. Its 7nm chips will be sold into market segments such as data centres and high-tech devices and help enable cutting edge AI, smart automobiles, medical equipment, and more. Fab 42 will be complete in 3 or 4 years from now. Related Reading 0 HEXUS Week In Review: K95 RGB Platinum and Aero 14W v7 Your chance to catch up on this week's tech developments. 14 Intel's Nvidia GPU licensing deal ends next month Meanwhile chitter chatter about a possible Intel / AMD GPU licensing deal intensifies. 47 QOTW: Which electronics brands do you favour? Are there certain names you gravitate toward, and is there a reason for your loyalty? HEXUS Week In Review: gaming rigs, chassis and quality PSUs Intel Cannonlake touted to offer >15pc performance improvement Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to 7.2GHz using liquid helium AMD Ryzen's x86 core is 10pc more compact than Intel's HEXUS Forums :: 0 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Log in to be the first to comment! MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 AMD Ryzen processor full lineup leaked 35 2 UK and US prices for AMD R7 Ryzen processors spotted 38 3 Intel finalising Ryzen spoiler Core i7 and i5 chip designs says report 21 4 AMD Ryzen's x86 core is 10pc more compact than Intel's 14 5 Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to 7.2GHz using liquid helium 17 1 QOTW: Which electronics brands do you favour? 47 2 UK and US prices for AMD R7 Ryzen processors spotted 38 3 AMD Ryzen processor full lineup leaked 35 4 Win a GIGABYTE AORUS 570x RGB gaming rig 25 5 Intel finalising Ryzen spoiler Core i7 and i5 chip designs says report 21 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 Introducing EVGA iCX Technology 2 All new Huawei Honor 6x, now available at Carphone Warehouse 3 Swiftech Releases Socket AM4 Adapter Kit 4 RAIDON Announce New Internal RAID Modules, All with Metal Key Lock! 5 Intel Breaks Performance Record with New Xeon Processor E7-8894 v4 6 New Nokia 150 now exclusively at Carphone Warehouse INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 409,685 Forum posts: 2,567,385 Forum threads: 247,379 Currently active users: 440 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
ResponseSource uses cookies to ensure we give you the best experience on this website. We'll assume you're happy with this if you continue to use this site. Press Release Wire Send Receive About About for PRs Product tour FAQs About for Journalists Sign up to receive Search Releases Newsrooms Offers Images Videos News channels Business & Finance Children & Teenagers Computing & Telecoms Construction & Property Consumer Technology Education & Human Resources Entertainment & Arts Environment & Nature Farming & Animals Food & Drink Health Home & Garden Leisure & Hobbies Manufacturing, Engineering & Energy Media & Marketing Medical & Pharmaceutical Men's Interest Motoring Personal Finance Public Sector, Third Sector & Legal Retail & Fashion Sport Transport & Logistics Travel Women's Interest & Beauty Topics Awards Bank Holiday Brexit Charity CRM International Women's Day Mother's Day Renewable Energy Social Business Spring St Patrick's Day Valentine's Day Winter Regions Channel Islands Derbyshire Devon Dorset Dublin, Ireland Durham East Midlands, England East of England East Riding of Yorkshire Gloucestershire Herefordshire Isle of Man Leicestershire Lincolnshire London North East England North West England North Yorkshire Northamptonshire Northern Ireland Northumberland Nottinghamshire Peak District Republic of Ireland Scotland Shropshire Somerset South East England South West England South Yorkshire Staffordshire Wales Warwickshire West Midlands, England West Yorkshire Wiltshire Worcestershire Yorkshire and the Humber Services Services for PRs PRs Media Contacts Database Search My lists Journalist Enquiry Service Manage your email settings Search enquiries Press Release Wire Send a press release Search releases Manage your newsrooms Services for Journalists Journalists Send a media enquiry Search for freelancers Search press releases Create a profile Update your profile Receive press releases Media Jobs Media Jobs Post a vacancy Search jobs ResponseSource About ResponseSource Get in touch Media Bulletin Blog Login Skip navigation ViewSonic’s Interactive Flat Panel lines to showcase Intel® Smart Display Module (Intel® SDM) software Wednesday 8 February 2017 PDF Print The ongoing collaboration between ViewSonic and Intel has resulted in the development of great products for our users. ViewSonic demos Intel® SDM powered Interactive Flat Panels at ISE 2017. ViewSonic Corp., a leading global provider of visual solution products, announces its collaboration with Intel, which will launch with ViewSonic’s Intel® SDM embedded Interactive Flat Panel (IFP) and Digital Signage lines at ISE 2017. ISE 2017 is being held at the RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre in Amsterdam, Netherlands from Feb. 7-10, 2017. “The ongoing collaboration between ViewSonic and Intel has resulted in the development of great products for our users.”, said Brian Wei, Director of Commercial Displays & Solutions, ViewSonic Europe. “As we move forward, it is with great pleasure that we announce the inclusion of Intel® Smart Display Module (Intel® SDM) into our Interactive Flat Panels and Digital Signage lines. Intel® SDM is a new and effective standard in display computing with optimized processing capabilities that offer our users the smallest, most power-efficient computing engine for IFPs, corporate and retail digital signage displays to date.” ViewSonic’s Interactive Displays are a popular solution in both the corporate and education sectors with features including One Touch Google Drive access and the ability to facilitate video calls, as well as popular collaborative apps including Slack and Trello. Smart Signage is ViewSonic’s newest signage solution for the retail sector which has gained popularity for use in hotel, restaurant, and café applications. The company is set to unveil the newest addition to its Digital Signage catalogue at ISE 2017. “When we design specifications for the next generation of integrated media players, we are laser-focused on achieving three things: minimal space, maximum performance, and future-proofing the solution. The Intel® Smart Display Module supports the sleekest integrated designs by omitting the housing, with the cost-effective implementation and management of integrated Intel® processor-based media players,” said Jose Avalos, Director Visual Retail, Internet of Things, Intel Corporation. Intel® SDM is the company’s next generation specification to address the need for media player integrated displays. Intel® SDM compresses the module down into a design approximately half the size of other integrated display modules. This smaller design offers users portability and flexibility when transferring the module across ViewSonic displays and eliminates the need for connection to an external computer. ViewSonic’s display product lines embedded with Intel® SDM will offer users a more power-efficient display computing method that is compatible across various display lines. With the launch of our collaboration with Intel® SDM at ISE 2017, ViewSonic users will be able to leverage Intel’s new industry standard Intel® SDM for more effective display management in both corporate and retail applications. For further news and information about ViewSonic, please visit www.ViewSonic.com. For further news and information about Intel® SDM, please visit www.intel.com About ViewSonic Founded in California in 1987, ViewSonic is a leading global provider of visual solution products. As an innovator and visionary, ViewSonic keeps the world connected with a portfolio of professional level visual solutions that enhance the way we compute, collaborate, communicate and connect. Our products include LED monitors, interactive commercial displays, touch displays, projectors, thin client, zero client and smart displays. To find out more about ViewSonic, visit www.viewsonic.com. ### This news release contains forward-looking statements that reflect the company’s expectations with regard to future events. Actual events could differ significantly from those anticipated in this document. Trademark footnote: ViewSonic and the ViewSonic trademarks are trademarks or registered trademarks of ViewSonic Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. All other corporate names and trademarks stated herein are the property of their respective companies. Media Contact: Liam Andrews XL Communications 07552236724 liam@xl-comms.com This press release was distributed by ResponseSource Press Release Wire on behalf of XL Communications in the following categories: Men's Interest, Women's Interest & Beauty, Consumer Technology, Manufacturing, Engineering & Energy, Computing & Telecoms, for more information visit http://pressreleasewire.responsesource.com/about. Release from Follow Newsroom XL Communications, delivering outstanding PR and marketing communications for technology companies since 2007. enquiries@xl-comms.com http://www.xl-comms.com +44 7834 020460 Useful links Send Search Release Archive Social @responsesource ResponseSource ResponseSource Product dashboard About us Services for PRs Services for journalists Blog Privacy policy System requirements Terms & Conditions Free trial Contact ResponseSource 0345 370 7777 ResponseSource Press Release Wire © 1997-2017 ResponseSource Ltd
Skip to main content Windows Central Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions Windows 10 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 HP Elite x3 Xbox Surface Studio Surface Pro 4 Surface Book Microsoft Band 2 Cortana Shop HOT DEAL$ Digital Deals All Accessories Cases & Covers Chargers & Cables Docks & Cradles Batteries Screen Protectors Windows 10 Help & How To Best Windows Store Apps Best Windows Store Games Apps Microsoft Insider Program Surface Surface Tips Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 3 Xbox Game Reviews Xbox LIVE Project Scorpio Laptop Buyers Guide Windows Phone Apps Games HP Elite x3 Alcatel Idol 4S Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Lumia 1520 Lumia 550 Hololens Podcast Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Dell Laptop Deals Live Help The Best Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Windows Central Forums All News Stories Phone News Surface News Windows News Xbox News MSFT News Apps Games Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop Accessories Podcasts Videos Contact us Tip Us On News Download our app! Android Central Connectedly CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Core choices How to pick between Intel's Core i3, i5 and i7 processors They're here Intel announces 7th Gen ‘Kaby Lake’ processors for the desktop AI and far-field commmunications Microsoft's "Evo" is a smarter and more responsive Cortana Kaby quad-core More details on Intel's next-gen i5 and i7 CPUs Bye Bye, Passwords? Lenovo teams with industry players to replace the password < > Best Laptops Best Antivirus Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Windows 10 Tip us on News! Shop: Surface Studio | New Surface Book | Xbox One S Bundles | NEW Dell XPS 13" Ruh-roh Flaw in some Intel Atom chips has reportedly been bricking products for at least 18 months By Dan Thorp-Lancaster Wednesday, Feb 8, 2017 at 12:54 pm EST 15 Comments According to a new report, a flaw in Intel Atom C2000 family of chips has been bricking systems for at least 18 months. Speaking with an anonymous industry source, The Register reports that the flaw in question, which was recently acknowledged by Intel in an update to its documentation, was first noticed by engineers when return rates started spiking around 18 months ago. From The Register: The well-placed insider, who spoke to The Register on condition of anonymity, said the problem – which results in bricked systems – became apparent to engineers at product makers when the return rate on gear spiked about 18 months ago. It took additional time to figure out that Intel's hardware was responsible. The vendor in question worked with Intel engineers during this period to replace affected units under manufacturer warranty. Then about two months ago, Intel acknowledged the issue was with its chip blueprints, the source said. The flaw in question is a faulty clock component that Intel detailed in its recent revision under a section titled "System May Experience Inability to Boot or May Cease Operation." Curiously, Cisco recently issued an advisory noting that some of its routing, networking and security products may fail due to a faulty clock component after around 18 months. Although the Cisco products with this component are currently performing normally, we expect product failures to increase over the years, beginning after the unit has been in operation for approximately 18 months. Once the component has failed, the system will stop functioning, will not boot, and is not recoverable. This component is also used by other companies. Intel isn't specifically mentioned, but, as The Register speculates, non-disclodure agreements could prevent companies affected by the chip failure from commenting on whether technical issues are related to Intel products. Companies affected by the C2000 flaw, however, appear to include Aaeon, Dell, HP, Infortrend, Lanner, NEC, Newisys, Netgate, Netgear, Quanta, Supermicro, Synology, and ZNYX Networks, ASRock Rack, iXsystems, Seagate and Sophos. Like us! Share on Facebook Reader comments Flaw in some Intel Atom chips has reportedly been bricking products for at least 18 months 15 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating SammyD97 Ok I'm gonna blame my Nextbook randomly bricking on this 3 2 days ago Reply Gabriel Hernandez5 A bricking incident is not like a freeze where you can recover, a brick is a total failure and your bios won't boot up again, so your Windows OS can't even start. 2 2 days ago Reply Gabriel Hernandez5 I was a victim of this issue when I purchased a Acer Iconia W510 (Atom Clover Trail) 2 in 1 in 2013, in Q1 2015 my 2 in 1 died after I installed Windows 10 preview, I never blamed preview I always thought this was a hardware problem and I was right. I lost $14,000 mexican pesos, and that's why I won't purchase Acer product never again, but after reading this is Intel's fault, I may give Acer another chance in future. 4 2 days ago Reply user-774 Planned or not...? 0 2 days ago Reply cowboy6201 What about the Surface 3? no Probs here just wondering, my Surface is running fine no issues at yet? Notice I said yet HAHAHAHA😁 1 2 days ago Reply Stiv X I've had my Surface 3 since the day they came out. No problems yet. I love that thing. If it bricks...anger...so much anger... 0 2 days ago Reply lbp775 The Surface 3 uses an Atom x7-Z8700 processor.  I think it's different that what is mentioned in the article.  5 2 days ago Reply mutant 9 I think the dell venue 8 may be effected by this. I have had a significant number of BSOD on 2 of mine. Are they doing anything about this or is intel and the hardware manufacturers' just sweeping this under the rug. An 18 month shelf life is unacceptable. 1 2 days ago Reply smithy_dll None of your consumer gear is affected by this, put down the pitchforks. The C2000 range are the Avoton, Xeon branded server processors. That's why all the vendors listed are enterprisey. The C2000 series were very popular for people building ZFS filesystems as they have a generous amount SATA ports and ECC memory support, and just enough processing power for a couple of Plex streams. 0 2 days ago Reply pox67 You mean like my Intel Avoton C2750 file server? DAMNIT! I love that thing, 8 hardrives, server 2012 R2 Hyper-V version and a couple of management VMs. Runs very cool and has been up for years. I think I have had it about 3 years...anyone recommend a replacement before it goes down? 0 2 days ago Reply csd_images Actually quite a bit of SOHO and AV home systems are affected mainly with many NASs being the notable worries from the last 4 years. 0 1 day ago Reply smithy_dll Was more in response to people concerned about their tablets. 0 1 day ago Reply kh_s So... This is the C2k bug? 🤔 0 1 day ago Reply AndroidPurity This makes made me think "well I am glad I never trusted products with any Intel chip that wasn't an i series or Xeon. However if they don't do something to make up for this, then this is perfect reason to buy products with a different chip manufacturer... Oh wait... There's only Intel and AMD. Isn't a oligopoly so nice!" 0 1 day ago Reply garak0410 That might explain my two bricked Dell Venue 8 Pros I had over the last few years...I simply gave up on them. :(  0 13 hours ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
  Caracas, Saturday February 11,2017   Home | About us | Who's Who | Contacts | Help Search:  Venezuela Links Venezuela Overview Venezuelan Embassies & Consulates Around The World Sites/Blogs about Venezuela Venezuelan Newspapers Facts about Venezuela Venezuela Tourism Embassies in Caracas Colombia Links Colombia Overview Colombian Embassies & Consulates Around the World Government Links Embassies in Bogota Media Sites/Blogs about Colombia Educational Institutions Wall Street Stocks Commodity Prices Commodities Crude Oil US Gasoline Prices Natural Gas Gold Silver Copper Currencies Euro UK Pound Australia Dollar Canada Dollar Brazil Real Mexico Peso India Rupee Caribbean Antigua & Barbuda Aruba Barbados Cayman Islands Cuba Curacao Dominica Caribbean G-Z Grenada Haiti Jamaica Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Central America Belize Costa Rica El Salvador Honduras Nicaragua Panama North America Bahamas Bermuda Mexico South America Argentina Brazil Chile Guyana Paraguay Peru Uruguay Follow Us What's New at LAHT? Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Most Viewed on the Web Popular on Twitter Receive Our Daily Headlines   HOME | Business & Economy (Click here for more) Intel CEO Announces $7 Billion US Plant in Oval Office Meet with Trump WASHINGTON  Intel will invest $7 billion to produce computer chips in Arizona, creating as many as 3,000 new jobs, the CEO of the Silicon Valley said on Wednesday during a meeting at the White House with US President Donald Trump. The Fab 42 factory in the Phoenix suburb of Chandler will turn out advanced semiconductor chips, Brian Krzanich said during the Oval Office event. Intel is very proud of the fact that the majority of our manufacturing is here in the US and the majority of our research and development is here in the US, while over 80 percent of what we sell is sold outside of the US, the CEO said. Fab 42 will employ some 3,000 workers and the operation will provide work for more than 10,000 people altogether in the Chandler area. Great thing for Arizona. Unbelievable company and product, and were very happy. And I can tell you the people of Arizona are very happy. Its a lot of jobs, Trump said. The Intel announcement follows word from other major companies, including General Motors and Ford, that they plan to expand in the US in response to the presidents call to boost domestic manufacturing. Trump has threatened to levy tariffs on imports of goods made by US companies at factories abroad. A reporter asked the Intel CEO if his decision to announce the Chandler plant at the White House had been motivated by any actions or statements by the president. Its really in support of the tax and regulatory policies that we see the administration pushing forward that really make it advantageous to do manufacturing in the US, Krzanich said.   Enter your email address to subscribe to free headlines (and great cartoons so every email has a happy ending!) from the Latin American Herald Tribune:   RSS Feed [ Home ] [ About Us ] [ Who's Who ] [ Contacts ] [ Help ] Copyright Latin American Herald Tribune - 2005-2015 © All rights reserved
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #BudgetSpeech #Personal I-T rate #Budget2017 #PopulistBudget #IRCTC News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Sensex pares initial gains, drops 66 pts ahead of Q3 earnings Jeera futures down 0.72 pc on profit-booking Business Standard Intel CEO joins Trump to tout US chip factory AFP  |  Washington  February 9, 2017 Last Updated at 11:32 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTNPc1 ALSO READ First dogs have been ambassadors to Americans,says White House White House says Yemen raid critics dishonor slain SEAL White House says more Guantanamo inmate transfers likely The White House is a beautiful residence, very elegant: Trump White House hails Indian-Americans' contribution to US US tech giant Intel unveiled plans for a USD 7 billion chip factory in Arizona, in an announcement at the White House with President Donald Trump. While Trump appeared to take credit for the plan, Intel called the investment an "update" of a 2011 plan to invest USD 5 billion for the same facility in the southeastern US state. An Intel spokesman said the initial plan had not been completed due to lack of demand, and that Wednesday's move represented a "new" investment of USD 7 billion. It marked the latest in a string of such announcements since Trump began pressing companies to create more American jobs and reverse the trend of offshore manufacturing. "Intel is very proud of the fact that the majority of our manufacturing is here in the US and the majority of our research and development is here in the US, while over 80 percent of what we sell is sold outside of the US," chief executive Brian Krzanich said at a White House event with Trump. The company said the Arizona plant would produce "the most advanced 7-nanometer semiconductor chips on the planet" and directly lead to 3,000 "high-tech, high-wage jobs" at Intel. With the indirect impact, the company said an estimated 10,000 jobs would result from the factory. Trump said Krzanich "called a few weeks ago and said, we want to do a very big announcement having to do with our country, but also having to do mostly with Arizona, and the jobs and the great technology that will be produced." He called the investment a "great thing for Arizona," and added, "it's a lot of jobs." Krzanich acknowledged that "we've been working on this factory for several years" but "held off actually doing this investment until now." Asked if the decision came in response to the new president's actions, he said, "It's really in support of the tax and regulatory policies that we see the administration pushing forward that really make it advantageous to do manufacturing in the US." The announcement came in spite of a deepening rift between the new Trump administration and the tech sector over a White House order barring entry to refugees and nationals from seven Muslim-majority countries. Intel joined a group of over 120 tech and other firms backing a court challenge to the travel ban -- which is currently suspended. Tech companies have fiercely opposed the move, saying it would hurt the effort to hire and retain skilled employees from around the world and potentially break up families. The sector relies heavily on foreign-born scientists and engineers. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | White House | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Free Brokerage for 1st Month Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Supercharge your Indian property portfolio New to investing in shares? Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? Intel CEO joins Trump to tout US chip factory US tech giant Intel unveiled plans for a USD 7 billion chip factory in Arizona, in an announcement at the White House with President Donald Trump. While Trump appeared to take credit for the plan, Intel called the investment an "update" of a 2011 plan to invest USD 5 billion for the same facility in the southeastern US state. An Intel spokesman said the initial plan had not been completed due to lack of demand, and that Wednesday's move represented a "new" investment of USD 7 billion. It marked the latest in a string of such announcements since Trump began pressing companies to create more American jobs and reverse the trend of offshore manufacturing. "Intel is very proud of the fact that the majority of our manufacturing is here in the US and the majority of our research and development is here in the US, while over 80 percent of what we sell is sold outside of the US," chief executive Brian Krzanich said at a White House event with Trump. The company said the Arizona plant ... US tech giant Intel unveiled plans for a USD 7 billion chip factory in Arizona, in an announcement at the White House with President Donald Trump. While Trump appeared to take credit for the plan, Intel called the investment an "update" of a 2011 plan to invest USD 5 billion for the same facility in the southeastern US state. An Intel spokesman said the initial plan had not been completed due to lack of demand, and that Wednesday's move represented a "new" investment of USD 7 billion. It marked the latest in a string of such announcements since Trump began pressing companies to create more American jobs and reverse the trend of offshore manufacturing. "Intel is very proud of the fact that the majority of our manufacturing is here in the US and the majority of our research and development is here in the US, while over 80 percent of what we sell is sold outside of the US," chief executive Brian Krzanich said at a White House event with Trump. The company said the Arizona plant would produce "the most advanced 7-nanometer semiconductor chips on the planet" and directly lead to 3,000 "high-tech, high-wage jobs" at Intel. With the indirect impact, the company said an estimated 10,000 jobs would result from the factory. Trump said Krzanich "called a few weeks ago and said, we want to do a very big announcement having to do with our country, but also having to do mostly with Arizona, and the jobs and the great technology that will be produced." He called the investment a "great thing for Arizona," and added, "it's a lot of jobs." Krzanich acknowledged that "we've been working on this factory for several years" but "held off actually doing this investment until now." Asked if the decision came in response to the new president's actions, he said, "It's really in support of the tax and regulatory policies that we see the administration pushing forward that really make it advantageous to do manufacturing in the US." The announcement came in spite of a deepening rift between the new Trump administration and the tech sector over a White House order barring entry to refugees and nationals from seven Muslim-majority countries. Intel joined a group of over 120 tech and other firms backing a court challenge to the travel ban -- which is currently suspended. Tech companies have fiercely opposed the move, saying it would hurt the effort to hire and retain skilled employees from around the world and potentially break up families. The sector relies heavily on foreign-born scientists and engineers. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Intel CEO joins Trump to tout US chip factory US tech giant Intel unveiled plans for a USD 7 billion chip factory in Arizona, in an announcement at the White House with President Donald Trump. While Trump appeared to take credit for the plan, Intel called the investment an "update" of a 2011 plan to invest USD 5 billion for the same facility in the southeastern US state. An Intel spokesman said the initial plan had not been completed due to lack of demand, and that Wednesday's move represented a "new" investment of USD 7 billion. It marked the latest in a string of such announcements since Trump began pressing companies to create more American jobs and reverse the trend of offshore manufacturing. "Intel is very proud of the fact that the majority of our manufacturing is here in the US and the majority of our research and development is here in the US, while over 80 percent of what we sell is sold outside of the US," chief executive Brian Krzanich said at a White House event with Trump. The company said the Arizona plant would produce "the most advanced 7-nanometer semiconductor chips on the planet" and directly lead to 3,000 "high-tech, high-wage jobs" at Intel. With the indirect impact, the company said an estimated 10,000 jobs would result from the factory. Trump said Krzanich "called a few weeks ago and said, we want to do a very big announcement having to do with our country, but also having to do mostly with Arizona, and the jobs and the great technology that will be produced." He called the investment a "great thing for Arizona," and added, "it's a lot of jobs." Krzanich acknowledged that "we've been working on this factory for several years" but "held off actually doing this investment until now." Asked if the decision came in response to the new president's actions, he said, "It's really in support of the tax and regulatory policies that we see the administration pushing forward that really make it advantageous to do manufacturing in the US." The announcement came in spite of a deepening rift between the new Trump administration and the tech sector over a White House order barring entry to refugees and nationals from seven Muslim-majority countries. Intel joined a group of over 120 tech and other firms backing a court challenge to the travel ban -- which is currently suspended. Tech companies have fiercely opposed the move, saying it would hurt the effort to hire and retain skilled employees from around the world and potentially break up families. The sector relies heavily on foreign-born scientists and engineers. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire BFSITechConstructionServicesMedia/EntertainmentPublic PolicyIndustrial Goods & ServicesAutoMisc. Defence Communication & CyberMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & GovtMobility & WeaponsInternal SecurityEquipment & Ordnance International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›Business 04:05 PM | 10 Febmarket stats SENSEX 28,3344.55 NIFTY 50 8,79415.15 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,190101.00 USD/INR 66.880.03 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty50 end flat after choppy trade; TCS, Infosys surge 2% each Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Intel CEO joins Donald Trump to tout US chip factory By AFP | Updated: Feb 09, 2017, 11.49 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » white house | travel ban | President Donald Trump | Brian Krzanich | Arizona While Trump appeared to take credit for the plan, Intel called the investment an "update" of a 2011 plan to invest $5 billion for the same facility in the southeastern US state. Panneerselvam vs Sasikala: Who will lead Jayalalithaa's party? Track the turmoil in Tamil Nadu here WASHINGTON: US tech giant Intel unveiled plans for a $7 billion chip factory in Arizona, in an announcement at the White House with President Donald Trump. While Trump appeared to take credit for the plan, Intel called the investment an "update" of a 2011 plan to invest $5 billion for the same facility in the southeastern US state. An Intel spokesman said the initial plan had not been completed due to lack of demand, and that Wednesday's move represented a "new" investment of $ 7 billion. It marked the latest in a string of such announcements since Trump began pressing companies to create more American jobs and reverse the trend of offshore manufacturing. "Intel is very proud of the fact that the majority of our manufacturing is here in the US and the majority of our research and development is here in the US, while over 80 percent of what we sell is sold outside of the US," chief executive Brian Krzanich said at a White House event with Trump. The company said the Arizona plant would produce "the most advanced 7-nanometer semiconductor chips on the planet" and directly lead to 3,000 "high-tech, high-wage jobs" at Intel. With the indirect impact, the company said an estimated 10,000 jobs would result from the factory. Trump said Krzanich "called a few weeks ago and said, we want to do a very big announcement having to do with our country, but also having to do mostly with Arizona, and the jobs and the great technology that will be produced." He called the investment a "great thing for Arizona," and added, "it's a lot of jobs." Krzanich acknowledged that "we've been working on this factory for several years" but "held off actually doing this investment until now." Asked if the decision came in response to the new president's actions, he said, "It's really in support of the tax and regulatory policies that we see the administration pushing forward that really make it advantageous to do manufacturing in the US." The announcement came in spite of a deepening rift between the new Trump administration and the tech sector over a White House order barring entry to refugees and nationals from seven Muslim-majority countries. Intel joined a group of over 120 tech and other firms backing a court challenge to the travel ban -- which is currently suspended. Tech companies have fiercely opposed the move, saying it would hurt the effort to hire and retain skilled employees from around the world and potentially break up families. The sector relies heavily on foreign-born scientists and engineers. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Toyota - Less browsing, more dancing Toyota She lost her Baby after a terrible fall! Milaap Top 10 Low Budget Movies That Became Blockbusters Bollywood UnionMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 'Indians will keep on working in United States' Here's how Donald Trump' win will impact India Companies moving to real-time performance appraisals From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Astrology for life path@Spiritual fellow Samir Desai Pre-Launch Godrej Greens @ Undri Pune 2 BHK from 40Lac+ Godrej Pune Properties Buy all new Kindle 6-inch @ just $79.99 Amazon Promote content on Times of India network Colombia The sense in Sundar Pichai’s advice Process for change in date of birth in passport made easy 5 key takeaways from SBI Q3 results Why BJP still banks on its west Uttar Pradesh gains READ MORE ON » white house | travel ban | President Donald Trump | Brian Krzanich | Arizona To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Governor Vidyasagar Rao rules out Sasikala for Tamil Nadu CM, say reports Beijing’s repeated Masood Azhar act at UN tarnishing its international reputation BJP banks on last-minute change of heart of Jats Demonetisation has hit India's industrial production, admits Arun Jaitley Inside story of the tensions between Infosys CEO, founders More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive:Assembly Elections 2017|Punjab & Goa Election 2017 Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs Budget 2017|Elections 2017 Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Sat, Feb 11, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Davos Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Intel announces $7bn investment in Arizona factory Chief executive latest to tout spending and job-creation plans that were already in place Thu, Feb 9, 2017, 06:59 Intel chief executive Brian Krzanich with US president Donald Trump at the White House. Photograph: Chris Kleponis/Bloomberg         Intel chief executive Brian Krzanich said the semiconductor maker will invest $7 billion (€6.6 billion) to finish a chip factory in Arizona, becoming the latest company to use a meeting with US president Donald Trump to tout spending and job-creation plans that were already in place. Mr Krzanich, speaking Wednesday at the Oval Office, called the investment an expansion of Intel’s presence in Chandler that will finish a plant – already under construction – capable of advanced, 7-nanometer chip production. The Fab 42 facility will be completed in three-four years and create about 3,000 jobs, Intel said in a statement following the meeting at the White House. The chipmaker took a page from what has become a familiar playbook for technology and other companies: making a splashy announcement on investment and job additions after a high-profile huddle with Mr Trump, who has threatened punishment for companies that shift operations overseas. Intel already builds most of its products in the US, at facilities in Oregon, Arizona and New Mexico, and part of the spending will come out of the company’s previously disclosed budget for new plants of about $12 billion this year. This announcement tonight is probably because of the semiconductor demand we have alluded to in great detail in recent weeks, more than it is about Trumponomics In December, IBM chief executive Ginni Rometty said she planned to hire about 25,000 people in the US and invest $1 billion over the next four years – an announcement made on the eve of a meeting of technology industry leaders with Mr Trump. The president, in the run-up to his inauguration, also sought credit for Sprint’s commitment to create to bring back 5,000 jobs that the telecommunications company said are part of broader US hiring plans previously announced by Japan-based parent SoftBank Group. ADVERTISEMENT Heavy automation The massive facilities required to make advanced semiconductors in an economically competitive way don’t require heavy staffing. Chip plants are among the most automated factories on the planet. Their immense cost – more than $5 billion for a state of the art facility – comes from the expense of equipping them with that automation. Intel, like other chipmakers, typically locates its factories in areas where it can get tax breaks to offset some of the outlay. HP Inc closure shows how easily tech jobs can vanish Data commissioner tells court US law fails to protect privacy HP Inc to shed almost 500 jobs as it shuts print facility in Leixlip “We’ve been working on this factory for several years. We’ve held off actually on doing this investment until now,” Mr Krzanich said from the Oval Office. “It’s really in support of the tax and regulatory policies that we see the administration pushing forward that really make it advantageous to do manufacturing in the US.” The investment will also indirectly generate about 7,000 jobs in support of the facility, Intel said. The plant in Chandler, when completed, will take its place among a worldwide network of Intel factories, which are also located in Ireland, Israel and China. Intel, one of the founding companies of California’s Silicon Valley, has held onto its 15 per cent market-leading slice of the $300 billion global chip industry through outspending rivals on research, development and plants over the years. Fab 42 has been celebrated by presidents before. In 2012, former president Barack Obama made a speech in front of the building, which was then going to benefit from $5 billion of investment. Presaging language Mr Krzanich used in the Oval Office on Wednesday, Mr Obama called it “a factory which will turn out some of the fastest and most powerful computer chips on Earth”. “The factory being built here behind me is an example of an America within reach,” Mr Trump’s predecessor called it at the time. “An America that attracts the next generation of manufacturing jobs.” Chip demand Intel’s decision to complete work on the plant now is likely based on industry dynamics. The company is under competitive pressure to move to more advanced production, and the factory was already built and just needed to be equipped. “Now this announcement tonight is probably because of the semiconductor demand we have alluded to in great detail in recent weeks, more than it is about Trumponomics,” said Neil Campling, the London-based head of global technology, media and telecom research at Northern Trust Securities. “In this industry, talk is cheap until the production ramps.” The California-based company has about 106,000 employees around the world, with half of them located in the US. The chipmaker’s staffing levels have stayed roughly unchanged through acquisitions. In April last year Mr Krzanich announced he would be eliminating 12,000 jobs, the company’s biggest cutbacks in a decade, prompted by slower growth amid a continuing slump in demand for personal computers, Intel’s biggest market.       Read More LSE and Deutsche Börse gamble over Brussels merger approval Why the Irish Data Protection Commissioner’s case against Facebook matters Drone racing takes off as technology becomes more affordable Deloitte buys innovation consultancy Red Planet Internet of Things to become everyday reality with spending to jump to $2tn Facebook extends Safety Check feature for times of crisis Quarter of US tech workers perceive discrimination, survey finds Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Economy No crisis on Greece bailout deal, says euro zone finance chief Work Doing business in China: Meet face to face and mind your Ps and Qs International 1:51 Ireland ready for relaunch as Italy brace for backlash Innovation IBM and UCD in drive to perfect intelligent in-car assistant Sponsored Why a flagging libido doesn’t have to be part of your menopause experience Why buying into the Jaguar lifestyle has never been more affordable WebPort Global speeds up exports for Irish SMEs Suites for my sweet: 10 Irish getaways for Valentine’s ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Job losses in Leixlip but more positive news elsewhere 07:22 Eddie Hobbs, Brendan Investments and the disaster in Detroit 07:00 Piech adds to the drama at Volkswagen 05:35 ‘Irish Daily Mail’ publisher to launch new mobile-friendly news site 05:33 Oisín Fanning’s San Leon receives second Chinese approach 05:15 ADVERTISEMENT Tech Tools Review: Does the new MacBook Pro live up to the hype? Tech Tools: Touch controls? High quality display? Apple is trying to hit all the marks Heavy loads to carry? Meet Gita, the cargo-lugging robot Tech Tools: New device can carry up to 18kg of gear and reach speeds of 35km/h Samsung’s Family Hub fridge goes on sale in Ireland Fridge lets you see what’s inside via your phone and monitors use-by dates on food Lofree: Revert to type with this old-school keyboard Tech Tools: It’s got mechanical keys, but also wireless connection to three devices Most Read in Business 1 Eddie Hobbs, Brendan Investments and the disaster in Detroit 2 Irish property price slowdown described as a ‘temporary pause’ 3 Irish firm in talks to buy up to 2,000 distressed mortgages 4 Cherrywood: The rocky road to a key Dublin development 5 Hines starts work on €2bn urban centre in south Dublin 6 No crisis on Greece bailout deal, says euro zone finance chief 7 Oisín Fanning’s San Leon receives second Chinese approach 8 Job losses in Leixlip but more positive news elsewhere 9 Residential development land value in Dublin soars 10 Property prices rose by 8.1% last year, new figures show Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Explore ancient Greece and Rome in VR Joanie 4 Jackie: A digital archive of grunge-era women’s film-making Stephen Hawking and Elon Musk endorse new AI code Craigslist founder fights for safer Wikipedia Would ‘World of Warcraft’ be in your software top seven? Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Sat 11/2/2017 News Six Nations Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Six Nations Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
report this ad / Xeni Jardin / 11:08 pm Wed Feb 8, 2017 Intel's Inside the Trump Administration From the Boing Boing Shop See all deals Popular Posts Follow Us Twitter / Facebook / RSS World's largest computer chip maker INTEL today said it will invest $7 billion to complete the construction of a factory in Arizona which they claim will create 3,000 new American jobs for Americans. Intel's CEO made the remarks earlier today after meeting with so-called President Donald Trump at the White House. report this ad Not the Only White People's Fancy House, which is in Florida, or Great White People's Tower, in New York. The White House. Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS! #AmericaFirst🇺🇸 pic.twitter.com/76lAiSSQ1l— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017 U.S. President Donald Trump sits during a meeting with Chief Executive Officer of Intel Brian Krzanich in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts From the New York Times, The completion of the factory, which will complement two other Intel semiconductor plants in Chandler, Ariz., had been under consideration for several years. Standing beside Mr. Trump in the Oval Office, Brian Krzanich, Intel’s chief executive, said the company had decided to proceed now because of “the tax and regulatory policies we see the administration pushing forward.” Mr. Trump said: “The people of Arizona will be very happy. It’s a lot of jobs.” He said Intel called the White House several weeks ago to coordinate the announcement. That outreach illustrates the tightrope that Silicon Valley companies are walking as they deal with a president most of them did not want to see in office. Intel was one of over 100 companies that recently signed a legal document to challenge Trump’s Muslim travel ban, issued on January 27. That Trump executive order halted the entry into the United States of all refugees, immigrants, and green card holders from seven predominantly Muslim nations where the President does not have reported personal business interests. None of this is normal. None of this is okay. This is a crisis. Intel, you're not helping. U.S. President Donald Trump speaks as Chief Executive Officer of Intel Brian Krzanich (L) shakes hands with Gary Cohn (C), head of the National Economic Council and Reed Cordish, assistant for intragovernmental and technology initiatives, in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts From an analysis of the meticulously choreographed PR stunt, over at WIRED: The photo-op played into Trump’s #AmericaFirst promise of more US manufacturing jobs, and the president didn’t waste time exploiting the PR moment. But everything was not as it looked. Intel’s plans have a lot less to do with Trump and a lot more to do with Intel trying to reinvent itself. If today’s event looked eerily familiar, that’s because Krzanich’s predecessor, Paul Otellini, originally announced the Arizona factory, known as Fab42, alongside President Obama in February 2011. At the time, Intel estimated the plant would open in 2013. In early 2014, the company confirmed that construction was indefinitely delayed. Krzanich, a longtime Trump supporter, credited the resurrected plan to the new president. “It’s really in support of the tax and regulatory policies that we see the president pushing forward that make it advantageous to do manufacturing in the US,” Krzanich said during the press conference. Read the rest: Intel’s ‘New’ Factory Isn’t About Trump—It’s About Fixing Intel PHOTOS: U.S. President Donald Trump shakes hands with Chief Executive Officer of Intel Brian Krzanich the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts SHARE / TWEET / 24 COMMENTS donald trump / intel / picks / trump report this ad GET THE BOING BOING NEWSLETTER Russia may turn Snowden over to U.S. as 'gift' to 'curry favor' with Trump (who wants to kill the NSA leaker) U.S. intelligence officials say Russia ‘is considering’ sending Edward Snowden back to the United States as a “gift” to President Donald Trump, who has consistently referred to the NSA leaker as a “spy” and a “traitor” for whom the death penalty would be appropriate punishment. READ THE REST Trump threatens to order 'additional security for our country' next week, 'very rapidly' During a bizarre meet-and-greet with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe that ended with the weirdest diplomatic handshake ever, so-called ‘President’ Donald J. Trump ominously teased his intent to introduce some sort of heightened national security measures next week, and to continue fighting his losing battle with America’s judicial system over the #MuslimBan. READ THE REST Ban on Trump's #MuslimBan upheld by U.S. Appeals Court in unanimous ruling. Next stop, Supreme Court? The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco today refused to reinstate Donald Trump’s ban on travelers from the seven predominantly Muslim nations in which the so-called President has no known business interests. READ THE REST The eco-friendly future of sleep is on bamboo sheets Sheets made from hard bamboo might seem like bedding for masochists, but recent advancements in textile manufacturing have allowed soft threads to be extracted from wood pulp. Bamboo is known for its fast growth and positive environmental impact, and current production methods recapture all chemical solvents used to break down the tough fibers. For an […] READ THE REST Capture awe-inspiring footage with the world's smallest camera drone Camera-equipped drones have revolutionized aerial photography, but have contributed to a major price spike that makes drone photography a serious luxury hobby. However, airborne video novices shouldn’t have to shell out hundreds for equipment, and thanks to the World’s Smallest Camera Drone, they don’t have to anymore.This palm-sized whirlybird is equipped with a 0.3 megapixel […] READ THE REST 12 apps that will bring your Mac into the future As Mac users, we know the joys of a simple yet powerful operating system, free from bloatware and constant security checkups. But sometimes I need some functionality beyond the included apps. Here are 12 apps that helped to maximize my productivity and simplify my workflow. They are all available in this Pay What You Want […] READ THE REST report this ad Start the discussion at bbs.boingboing.net Read the rules you agree to by using this website in our Terms of Service. Boing Boing uses cookies and analytics trackers, and is supported by advertising, merchandise sales and affiliate links. Read about what we do with the data we gather in our Privacy Policy. Who will be eaten first? Our forum rules are detailed in the Community Guidelines. Boing Boing is published under a Creative Commons license except where otherwise noted. Mark Frauenfelder Cory Doctorow David Pescovitz Xeni Jardin Rob Beschizza Jason Weisberger Publisher Ken Snider Sysadmin About Us Contact Us Advertise Forums Shop Shop Support
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars BUSINESS With Trump watching, Intel CEO announces $7B investment in Arizona chip factory Reuters February 8, 2017 10:33 PM Tags: Arizona, Brian Krzanich, Intel, politics, President Trump, semiconductors Above: U.S. President Donald Trump shakes hands with Chief Executive Officer of Intel Brian Krzanich the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., February 8, 2017. Image Credit: REUTERS/Joshua Roberts (Reuters) – Intel chose the White House Oval Office as its backdrop to announce a $7 billion investment in a previously shelved Arizona factory, which it said would create 3,000 jobs when it is up and running. Intel Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich told reporters about the investment while standing behind President Donald Trump. Trump told reporters Krzanich called him a few weeks ago to say he wanted to meet to make a big announcement. Krzanich said he made the announcement at the White House as a sign of support for the “tax and regulatory policies that we see the administration pushing forward.” Trump, a Republican who took office on Jan. 20, promised during his campaign to push companies to keep or create jobs in the United States rather than sending them abroad. Intel was one of more than 100 companies that joined together to file a legal brief opposing Trump’s temporary travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority nations. The issue did not come up during the Oval Office meeting, said Reed Cordish, a White House official in charge of technology initiatives. The company said in a statement that the plant would be completed in three or four years. The chip factory was started in 2011 as a $5 billion project that was targeted to open in late 2013. Intel shelved its plans in 2014 when smartphones and tablets cut into demand for chips for personal computers. Krzanich said in an email to Intel employees that was posted on the company’s website that the factory would build chips for data centers and smart devices. Intel announced less than a year ago that it would cut up to 12,000 jobs globally, or 11 percent of its workforce, as it refocused its business towards microchips that power data centers and Internet connected devices and away from the declining personal computer industry it helped found. (Reporting by Roberta Rampton; Writing by David Alexander Editing by Frances Kerry, Toni Reinhold) ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Saturday, 11 Feb 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Saturday, 11 Feb 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > Technology   Intel CEO joins Trump to tout US chip factory Share Tweet Intel CEO joins Trump to tout US chip factory The tech giant unveil­ed plans for a $7 billio­n chip factor­y in an announ­cement at the White House By AFP Published: February 9, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email US President Donald Trump watches as Chief Executive Officer of Intel Brian Krzanich displays a silicon wafer for making chips in the Oval Office of the White House. PHOTO: REUTERS US tech giant Intel unveiled plans Wednesday for a $7 billion chip factory in Arizona, in an announcement at the White House with President Donald Trump. While Trump appeared to take credit for the plan, Intel called the investment an “update” of a 2011 plan to invest $5 billion for the same facility in the southeastern US state. An Intel spokesman said the initial plan had not been completed due to lack of demand, and that Wednesday’s move represented a “new” investment of $7 billion. It marked the latest in a string of such announcements since Trump began pressing companies to create more American jobs and reverse the trend of offshore manufacturing. Technology firms to urge Trump to alter US travel ban: sources “Intel is very proud of the fact that the majority of our manufacturing is here in the US and the majority of our research and development is here in the US, while over 80 percent of what we sell is sold outside of the US,” chief executive Brian Krzanich said at a White House event with Trump. The company said the Arizona plant would produce “the most advanced 7-nanometer semiconductor chips on the planet” and directly lead to 3,000 “high-tech, high-wage jobs” at Intel. With the indirect impact, the company said an estimated 10,000 jobs would result from the factory. Trump said Krzanich “called a few weeks ago and said, we want to do a very big announcement having to do with our country, but also having to do mostly with Arizona, and the jobs and the great technology that will be produced.” He called the investment a “great thing for Arizona,” and added, “it’s a lot of jobs.” Tech sector leads resistance to Trump travel ban Krzanich acknowledged that “we’ve been working on this factory for several years” but “held off actually doing this investment until now.” Asked if the decision came in response to the new president’s actions, he said, “It’s really in support of the tax and regulatory policies that we see the administration pushing forward that really make it advantageous to do manufacturing in the US.” The announcement came in spite of a deepening rift between the new Trump administration and the tech sector over a White House order barring entry to refugees and nationals from seven Muslim-majority countries. Intel joined a group of over 120 tech and other firms backing a court challenge to the travel ban — which is currently suspended. Tech companies have fiercely opposed the move, saying it would hurt the effort to hire and retain skilled employees from around the world and potentially break up families. The sector relies heavily on foreign-born scientists and engineers. Read more: #MuslimBan , Intel , Tech sector Read full story Recommended Stories The world's biggest companies have united to sue Trump over Muslim ban US tech firms have been among the more vocal sectors speaking out against the policy US House passes bill requiring warrants to search old emails Privacy advocates have expressed alarm at President Donald Trump's ability to expand government spying Trump accuses media of ignoring terrorist attacks US President Donald Trump accused the media Monday of disregarding attacks perpetrated by militant Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 iPhone users can now use WhatsApp 'without Internet' 2 Mohammad Irfan out of PSL over corruption allegations 3 UK sex gang members face deportation to Pakistan 4 10 hidden WhatsApp features you didn't know existed 5 PCB suspends Islamabad United duo for corruption 6 Pakistan to borrow $600m from China 7 Forget India, profit from ‘quiet rise’ of Pakistan: Barron’s Asia 8 Balu Mahi review: Paisa vasool but stretches too long 9 Former SRK employee spills the beans on superstar 10 Pak Suzuki unveils another imported vehicle - this time the 1.4L Ciaz Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (February 2017) Fashion Under One Roof Of Gems and WildFlowers Let’s Brunch More in TechnologyPinterest lets phones spy eye-catching items © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? webmaster@tribune.com.pk Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? webmaster@tribune.com.pk facebook twitter whatsapp
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store February 11, 2017 4:08 AM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Advertisement Intel will invest $7 billion in chip factory in Arizona February 8, 2017 11:40 PM Pablo Martinez Monsivais/Associated Press President Donald Trump looks at Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, holding a silicon wafer, during their meeting in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, D.C., on Wednesday. By Vindu Goel / The New York Times SAN FRANCISCO — Intel, the world’s largest computer chip manufacturer, will invest $7 billion to build a new factory in Arizona, the company’s chief executive said Wednesday after meeting with President Donald Trump in the White House. The factory, which will complement two other factories that Intel has in Chandler, Ariz., has been under consideration for several years. But Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said that the tax cuts and deregulatory policies pushed by Mr. Trump had prompted the company to move forward with its plans. “The people of Arizona will be very happy. It’s a lot of jobs,” Mr. Trump said at a White House event to announce the expansion. The new facility will build a new generation of chips with ultra-small circuitry and employ 3,000 additional people at its peak and indirectly create 10,000 jobs in the Arizona area in support of the factory, Intel said. “This factory will produce the most powerful computer chips on the planet,” Mr. Krzanich said. Although the company is based in California’s Silicon Valley, the majority of its global chip production is in Oregon and Arizona. It also has factories in other countries, including China and Israel. Mr. Trump was the second president to celebrate the computer chip maker’s attempts to expand its domestic production at the same facility in Chandler. In 2012, then-President Barack Obama went to the factory’s construction site and celebrated that the plant would produce “some of the fastest and most powerful computer chips on Earth.” “Let’s stop rewarding businesses that ship jobs overseas,” Mr. Obama said at the time. “Let’s reward companies like Intel that are investing and creating jobs right here in the United States of America.” The announcement comes as Intel has shed jobs. It announced last year that it planned to lay off 12,000 workers in a reorganization prompted by a decline in sales of personal computers. That was about 11 percent of the company’s workers. Since Mr. Trump’s election victory, numerous companies have announced plans to create or retain jobs in the U.S. Yet some analysts have said that many of those plans were in the works before the election or had come at significant cost to taxpayers. In November, air-conditioning company Carrier announced that it would keep hundreds of factory jobs in the U.S. that were slated to move to Mexico. While Mr. Trump celebrated the announcement as a win, later reporting revealed that Indiana had agreed to give the company up to $7 million in tax credits. In December, when Japanese corporate giant SoftBank said that it would invest $50 billion and create 50,000 jobs, analysts said that those funds probably would have been destined for the U.S. anyway. The Washington Post and The Associated Press contributed. Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Technical Help? Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Help: Subscriber services Online support center Products and services Today’s PGe Contact Us Subscribe: Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Copyright © 1997—2017 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  PCs & Laptops  »  High End Laptops  »  News MacOS Beta code points to new Kaby Lake models by Curtis Moldrich  |  Thursday 9 February 2017  | Comment Now New MacBook Pro models with updated Intel Kaby Lake processors could be on the way. It seems as if the lovely - but extremely expensive – new MacBook Pro was released only yesterday, but we’re now hearing more and more about new versions of Apple’s flagship laptop. Earlier this month, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo said Apple will release new Kaby Lake models of the MacBook Pro this year, and new code in the latest version of MacOS backs up his prediction. According to MacRumors, Apple blog  Pike's Universum has uncovered several bits of code in the macOS 10.12.4 beta that seem to point toward new laptops. The code refers to three new motherboards that don’t exist in any MacBook Pros at the moment, but use the same power management as the current models' identifiers in the OS code, all of which do not correspond to any existing models. READ NEXT: Three Ryzen CPUs get a possible price - and they're crazy-cheap! According to the Pike’s Universum blog, we should see the following upgrades when WWDC rolls around: 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar Intel Core i5-6360U 2.0 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.1 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Graphics 540 (15W) Will be replaced by the: Intel Core i5-7260U 2.2GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.4 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Plus Graphics 640 (15W) Intel Core i7-6660U 2.4 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.4 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Graphics 540 (15W) Will be replaced by the: Intel Core i7-7660U 2.5 GHz (max Turbo Boost 4.0 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Plus Graphics 640 (15W)   13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar  Intel Core i5-6360U 2.0 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.1 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Graphics 540 (15W)  Will be replaced by the:  Intel Core i5-7260U 2.2GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.4 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Plus Graphics 640 (15W)  Intel Core i7-6660U 2.4 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.4 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Graphics 540 (15W)  Will be replaced by the:  Intel Core i7-7660U 2.5 GHz (max Turbo Boost 4.0 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Plus Graphics 640 (15W)  13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar  Intel Core i5-6267U 2.9 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.3 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Graphics 550 (28W)  Will be replaced by the:  Intel Core i5-7267U 3.1 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.5 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Plus Graphics 650 (28W)  Intel Core i5-6287U 3.1 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.5 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Graphics 550 (28W)  Will be replaced by the:  Intel Core i5-7287U 3.3 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.7 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Plus Graphics 650 (28W)  Intel Core i7-6567U 3.3 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.6 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Graphics 550 (28W)  Will be replaced by the:  Intel Core i7-7567U 3.5 GHz (max Turbo Boost 4.0 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Plus Graphics 650 (28W)  15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar  Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.5 GHz) with Intel® HD Graphics 530 (45W)  Will be replaced by the:  Intel Core i7-7700HQ 2.8 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.8 GHz) with Intel® HD Graphics 630 (45W)  Intel Core i7-6820HQ 2.7 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.6 GHz) with Intel® HD Graphics 530 (45W)  Will be replaced by the:  Intel Core i7-7820HQ 2.9 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.9 GHz) with Intel® HD Graphics 630 (45W)  Intel Core i7-6920HQ 2.9 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.8 GHz) with Intel® HD Graphics 530 (45W)  Will be replaced by the:  Intel Core i7-7920HQ 3.1 GHz (max Turbo Boost 4.1 GHz) with Intel® HD Graphics 630 (45W) Related Articles Details of Intel's Kaby Lake Core i7-7700k processor leak Review: Intel Core i7-6950X Extreme Edition Should you upgrade to Intel’s new Core CPUs? 5 things to know about ... Is Intel's US factory pledge all that it seems? Review: Dell XPS 13 Rose Gold Source: Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  intel  |  intel core  |  kaby lake  |  laptops  |  macos  |  turbo boost   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   More in High End Laptops (1 of 10 articles) NEWS MacOS Beta code points to new Kaby Lake models << Prev Next >> View all High End Laptops articles >> More in High End Laptops (2 of 10 articles) NEWS MSI launches three new mobile workstations at CES << Prev Next >> View all High End Laptops articles >> More in High End Laptops (3 of 10 articles) FEATURE First Impressions: Is the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar worth the hype? << Prev Next >> View all High End Laptops articles >> More in High End Laptops (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple could launch cheaper new laptops next year << Prev Next >> View all High End Laptops articles >> More in High End Laptops (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple drops TWO iconic features from new laptop << Prev Next >> View all High End Laptops articles >> More in High End Laptops (6 of 10 articles) FEATURE Hands-on preview: MacBook Pro and its magical Touch Bar << Prev Next >> View all High End Laptops articles >> More in High End Laptops (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple MacBook Pro 2016: 8 things you need to know << Prev Next >> View all High End Laptops articles >> More in High End Laptops (8 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: HP ZBook Studio G3 << Prev Next >> View all High End Laptops articles >> More in High End Laptops (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Lenovo Yoga 910 brings 4K display to the flagship foldable << Prev Next >> View all High End Laptops articles >> More in High End Laptops (10 of 10 articles) REVIEW HP Spectre 13 review: Ultra-thin and ultra-lovely << Prev Next >> View all High End Laptops articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in High End Laptops News MacOS Beta code points to new Kaby Lake models Review Review: HP ZBook Studio G3 Feature First Impressions: Is the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar worth the hype? Group Test Time for a new laptop? Six Windows 7 Laptops tested and reviewed Gallery All the action from our first Upgrade Australia event! A-list Product Microsoft Surface Book From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories Ten projects you can try with a Raspberry Pi 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? How fast is Telstra’s gigabit mobile network really? Cisco partners pay for massive product replacement Cisco Australia moves onto activity-based working in new offices Aldi selling year's worth of calls, texts and 42GB data for $249 Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia My 14 hour and 17 second support call regarding a Microsoft OEM COA Label Photos: How to get a subsea cable from Sydney to LA The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 Overhaul of ASD's Top 4 cyber threat strategies NBN Co sets fee for after-hours installation Dying Intel Atom processors take out network equipment 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines was enough to make your blood boil Six and out: Don Bradman Cricket 17 steps on its own wicket Review: Civilization VI is at its core the best of the series yet About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, February 11, 2017 5:04 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Intel uses White House Oval Office for splash on Arizona factory (VIDEO) Thursday February 9, 2017 12:25 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Pompeii opens House of the Chaste Lovers for Valentine’s Day The Edit: Jeremy Scott blends Jesus, Presley and Monroe in latest collection The Edit: Adam Levine receives star on Hollywood Walk of Fame ProjekMMO: Siapa suruh masuk dapur? Syahindah main bola sepak Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article US President Donald Trump meets with Chief Executive Officer of Intel Brian Krzanich (left) in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, February 8, 2017. — Reuters picWASHINGTON, Feb 9 — Intel Corp chose the White House Oval Office as its backdrop to announce a US$7 billion (RM31.1 billion) investment in a previously shelved Arizona factory, which it said would create 3,000 jobs when it is up and running. Intel Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich told reporters about the investment while standing behind President Donald Trump. Trump told reporters Krzanich called him a few weeks ago to say he wanted to meet to make a big announcement. Krzanich said he made the announcement at the White House as a sign of support for the “tax and regulatory policies that we see the administration pushing forward.” Trump, a Republican who took office on Jan. 20, promised during his campaign to push companies to keep or create jobs in the United States rather than sending them abroad. Intel was one of more than 100 companies that joined together to file a legal brief opposing Trump’s temporary travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority nations. The issue did not come up during the Oval Office meeting, said Reed Cordish, a White House official in charge of technology initiatives. The company said in a statement that the plant would be completed in three or four years. The chip factory was started in 2011 as a US$5 billion project that was targeted to open in late 2013. Intel shelved its plans in 2014 when smartphones and tablets cut into demand for chips for personal computers. Krzanich said in an email to Intel employees that was posted on the company’s website that the factory would build chips for data centres and smart devices. Intel announced less than a year ago that it would cut up to 12,000 jobs globally, or 11 per cent of its workforce, as it refocused its business towards microchips that power data centres and Internet connected devices and away from the declining personal computer industry it helped found. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Bursa Malaysia to trade higher next week Ringgit likely to trade easier vis-à-vis greenback next week Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business China regulator still plans oil futures, weighs easing equity curbs Dollar rises on hopes for Trump tax reform If Trump hits China, regional demand would ease blow in Asia Bursa Malaysia opens easier Sri Lanka eyes China free trade deal this year, PM to visit in May Another day, another mall: How KL Gateway Mall hopes to succeed in a crowded market Ringgit opens slightly lower against US dollar Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles Intel gambit aims for position in post-PC world Intel’s new processors just made the PC exciting again Intel gestures towards the future (VIDEO) Slow demand for PC drags Intel sales numbers down Will your home soon have Intel Inside? Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Register Now Existing Canindia User login Forgot Password? Close it EDITORIAL Pradip Rodrigues Sabrina Almeida Guest Column Opinion/Commentary NEWS Community Diaspora Canada India South Asia World Business ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood Hollywood Music LIFESTYLE Art/Culture/Books Automobiles Books Education Employment Fashion Food Health Living Restaurants Sci-Tech SPORTS Athletics Badminton Cricket Football Golf Hockey Motorsports OtherSports Tennis EPAPER ADVERTISE CONTACT CAREERS EDITORIAL Pradip Rodrigues Sabrina Almeida Guest Column Opinion/Commentary NEWS Community Diaspora Canada India South Asia World Business ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood Hollywood Music LIFESTYLE Art/Culture/Books Automobiles Books Education Employment Fashion Food Health Living Restaurants Sci-Tech SPORTS Athletics Badminton Cricket Football Golf Hockey Motorsports OtherSports Tennis EPAPER Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Home Business/Economy Intel to invest $7 bn in new factory, employ 3,000 February 8th, 2017 CanIndia New Wire Service 0 comments 7 Washington, Feb 9 (IANS) Intel CEO Brian Krzanich after a meeting with US President Donald Trump, announced that the tech giantt will invest $7 billion in a new factory employing up to 3,000 people, the media reported. The factory will be in located Chandler, Arizona, the company said. Krzanich confirmed to CNBC News that the investment over the next three to four years would be to complete a previous plant, Fab 42, that was started and then left vacant. The 7 nanometer chips will be produced there will be “the most powerful computer chips on the planet”, Krzanich said in the Oval Office with the Trump administration. Most Intel manufacturing happens in the US, Krzanich said. “America has a unique combination of talent, a vibrant business environment and access to global markets, which has enabled US companies like Intel to foster economic growth and innovation,” Krzanich said in a statement. “Our factories support jobs – high-wage, high-tech manufacturing jobs that are the economic engines of the states where they are located.” After the announcement, Trump tweeted his thanks to Krzanich, calling the factory a great investment in jobs and innovation, CNBC News reported. The announcement comes as the technology industry has pushed back against the Trump administration, amid mounting pressure to move manufacturing jobs back to the US. However, the White House said that there will be no incentives from the federal government for the Intel project. Intel was one of more than 100 companies that joined together to file a legal brief opposing Trump’s temporary travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority nations. –IANS ksk Tags back innovation jobs White House CanIndia New Wire Service Related Posts Trump's policies pose risk to Mexico's credit rating Feb 10th, 201704 Mexico City, Feb 11 (IANS) US President Donald Trump's potentially "disruptive changes to trade relations"... Nordstrom stock soared after Trump slams it on Twitter Feb 10th, 201702 Washington, Feb 11 (IANS) The shares of the Seattle-based luxury retailer Nordstrom, increased to 7 per... Elizabeth Warren probes Goldman Sachs' ties to Trump Feb 10th, 201705 Washington, Feb 11 (IANS) After US President Trump signed an order to begin the process of dismantling... Leave a Reply Cancel reply READ EPAPER ONLINE SIGNUP | LOGIN SOCIAL SHARE MOST READ THIS WEEK! Health Foot wrap to treat patients with 'restless legs syndrome' Jun 28th, 2016 484 Entertainment Deepika Padukone opens up on getting married with Ranveer Singh Jan 14th, 2016 212 World Over a million people using Facebook on 'dark web' Apr 23rd, 2016 192 Entertainment Jake T. Austin dating fangirl after she seeks after him on Twitter for a considerable length of time Jan 16th, 2016 179 Canada Deadline looms for the 2016 Canadian Census May 9th, 2016 167 Tags 11209 people 9144 India 6417 film 4420 statement 4104 country 4051 state 3720 study 3630 the Congress 3336 cent 3204 police 2987 percent 2979 reports 2902 Rs 2847 time 2572 world 2552 second 2546 officials 2513 children 2482 down 2409 company February 2017 M T W T F S S « Jan       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28   ADVERTISE CONTACT US SUBMIT YOUR ARTWORK Back to top © 2015/2016 Can-India News a division of World Media Corp (Canada) Inc. All rights reserved. Can-India News Privacy Policy.
OregonLive.com Menu Home News by Topic News by Location Sports High School Sports Entertainment/Lifestyle Eat, Drink, Cook Opinion Real Estate Obituaries Jobs Autos Classifieds Connect With Us Extras Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Trending Politics Watchdog Education Environment Health Business Video Photos Marijuana Diversity Traffic Interactive Maps & Charts Columnists/Voice Back to Main Menu Politics Home My Government Back to Main Menu Education Home My Schools Back to Main Menu Business News Home Real Estate News It's Only Money Oregon & the Economy Playbooks & Profits Silicon Forest Window Shop Business Public Blog Back to Main Menu Steve Duin Samantha Swindler Tom Hallman Jr. Mark Katches John Canzano Kristi Turnquist Grant Butler Jessica Greif Teresa Mahoney Dave Killen Back to Main Menu Portland Pacific Northwest Multnomah County Washington County Clackamas County Clark County Oregon U.S./World Back to Main Menu Oregon Sports John Canzano Ducks Beavers Blazers Pilots Thorns Timbers Vikings NFL NBA MLB Recruiting News Sports on TV More Sports Back to Main Menu NCAA Pac-12 Hops Track & Field Winterhawks Back to Main Menu Boys Girls Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Basketball Swimming Wrestling Back to Main Menu Basketball Swimming Dance and Drill Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Back to Main Menu TV Movies Music Best of Living Homes & Gardens Travel & Outdoors Arts & Performance Books Pets Vintage Oregon Events Advice Puzzles & Games Comics Back to Main Menu Cheap Eats Dining Out Portland's Best Restaurants Recipes Cooking Beer Bars Wine Back to Main Menu The Stump Editorials Letters to the Editor My Oregon OpEd Elizabeth Hovde David Sarasohn Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Our Staff Oregonian Plus Members Buy an ad Back to Main Menu Find & Save Local Businesses Living Plus Travel Plus Back to Main Menu The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search OregonLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to OregonLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps comments Intel tells Trump it will spend $7 billion to open idle factory in Arizona Print Email Mike Rogoway | The Oregonian/OregonLive By Mike Rogoway | The Oregonian/OregonLive The Oregonian Email the author | Follow on Twitter on February 08, 2017 at 11:35 AM, updated February 08, 2017 at 6:22 PM comments Intel chief executive Brian Krzanich used a surprise Oval Office visit Wednesday to announce a $7 billion investment in an Arizona computer chip factory that has sat empty since construction wrapped up three years ago. The chipmaker said the factory, called Fab 42, will employ 3,000 when it opens in 2020 or 2021 - a decade after construction began and several years behind schedule. The Chandler, Arizona, plant will make chips using technology developed at Intel's new D1X research factory in Hillsboro. Wednesday's announcement represents a windfall of publicity for Intel and for President Donald Trump, who has been advocating new policies to boost domestic manufacturing and has touted a series of manufacturing investments from Ford Motor Co., air conditioner manufacturer Carrier and others since his election in November. "This factory will help the U.S. maintain its position as the global leader in the semiconductor industry," Krzanich said in a written statement. "We're very happy, and I can tell you the people of Arizona are very happy," Trump declared. However, chip industry analyst Jim McGregor said the changing political climate in Washington had nothing at all to do with Intel's decision to finally move ahead with the idle factory in Arizona. "Intel's fab strategy has been set for at least a decade," said McGregor, who works with TIRIAS Research in Arizona. Intel indicated that the new factory will make its forthcoming 7 nanometer microprocessor technology, two generations ahead of Intel's current processors. The timing of the Fab 42 opening means Intel will almost certainly develop that new technology in Hillsboro, where it has crafted each of its last several generations of processors. This is actually the second time an Intel chief stood next to a president and announced this factory. In 2011, former CEO Paul Otellini welcomed President Barack Obama to Hillsboro and promised a hiring and spending spree, including a $5 billion investment for the Arizona facility. Wednesday's announcement suggests Intel is finally making progress in deploying a new production technology, called extreme ultraviolet (EUV), which will enable smaller features on its microprocessors. That's a positive signal for Intel's operations in Oregon. The chipmaker built both Fab 42 and its new D1X research factory in Hillsboro to accommodate the enormous EUV manufacturing tools. Intel mothballed Fab 42 in 2014, in part, because it didn't need more production capacity as sales ebbed, and also because the EUV manufacturing technology wasn't ready for mass production. Recent signals suggest EUV is now close, making the new factory in Arizona and D1X in Oregon indispensable for Intel. Fab 42's arrival could mean changes at the chipmaker's other sites, though. "Although that's big news, I would expect you're going to see the closure of older fabs," McGregor said. The aging Fab 11x in New Mexico is in particular jeopardy; it has been several years since Intel upgraded it for contemporary manufacturing technologies. McGregor said the 15-year-old Fab 22 in Arizona could also close, at least temporarily, for a retrofit as Fab 42 comes online. "I wouldn't look at this as creating new jobs," McGregor said. "It's most likely the reshuffling of resources. Obviously the PC market isn't picking up." Intel eliminated 15,000 jobs last year to prepare for a long-term decline in the PC industry but ultimately posted strong financial results, buoyed by its robust data center business. For 2017, though, Intel forecasts very modest growth, and the company indicated last month that its expectations for the PC market are even worse than outside analysts' dismal forecasts. Still, other parts of Intel's business are expanding. And McGregor said it is possible Intel might be quietly preparing to buy other semiconductor companies, which would require more manufacturing capacity. Intel's shares were up 7 cents Wednesday morning, at $36.41. The company's stock is near a multiyear high. Krzanich was among the tech executives courting Trump during the presidential transition. He attended a summit at Trump Tower in New York and later joined the administration's new American Manufacturing Jobs Initiative. However, last week Krzanich denounced Trump's ban on immigrants from seven predominantly Muslim countries. And over the weekend Intel joined other tech companies that filed legal briefs opposing the executive order. In January, Krzanich said he had advised Trump against protectionist trade policies the new president has sometimes advocated. Unlike many large tech companies, Intel makes most of its technology in the United States. Krzanich said Wednesday that Intel sells 80 percent of its products overseas. Intel is one of the largest users of H1-B visas, which allow highly skilled workers from other countries to work in the U.S. Trump has suggested he may seek major changes to the program, though substantial reform would require congressional action. "When we disagree, we don't walk away," Krzanich said in a letter to employees Wednesday. "We believe that we must be part of the conversation to voice our views on key issues such as immigration, H1-B visas and other policies that are essential to innovation. After his appearance at the White House, Krzanich is due back at corporate headquarters in California early Thursday morning for Intel's annual investor day. -- Mike Rogoway; twitter: @rogoway; 503-294-7699 Inside Silicon Forest About Mike Rogoway Email Mike Rogoway Follow @rogoway Most Read Active Discussions About Us About OregonLive.com Our Journalists Contact the newsroom Join our team Frequently Asked Questions Subscriber Services Advertise with us Subscribe Today The Oregonian Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber Manage your Subscription Delivery Feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment OregonLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Legal Notices Obituaries Videos Weather Sitemap & search Your Regional News Pages Clackamas County Gresham Portland Washington County Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on OregonLive.com Classifieds Jobs Autos Rentals Real Estate Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Local Deals Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram | Tumblr Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
KIRO Seattle LIVE http://www.kiro7.com/cmg-main-theme/css KIRO Seattle SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your kiro profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12394754 Home 12394946 Livestream Newscast Live Events MercerMess Doppler Radar 12394760 Weather StormTracker Doppler Radar Livestream 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast Ski Report School Closings 12394790 News Local News Jesse Jones KIRO 7 Investigates National & World News Crime News Seen On KIRO 7 Seattle Anti-Freeze 39471671 KIRO 7 Apps 12395018 Jesse Jones 12394874 Sports Mariners Sounders FC Seahawks College Sports Huskies Cougars High School Football Seattle Storm Seattle Reign FC 12394838 Traffic Traffic Cameras MercerMess.com Flow Map Accident Alerts Ferry Schedules Mountain Pass Reports 12394934 About Us KIRO 7 News Team KIRO 7 TV Schedule Jobs with KIRO 7 Summer Internship Program Contact Us Advertise With Us KIRO 7 Cares Cox Conserves Heroes Submit a news tip 12394940 Video Past Newscasts 12395024 More Gold Buying Tips 7 Things to Do this Weekend Shop Seattle Housing Profiles More Trump is 2nd president to tout unfinished Intel factory by: JOSH BOAK, AP Economics Writer Updated: Feb 8, 2017 - 2:26 PM Twtter WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump on Wednesday held up Intel's plan to invest more than $7 billion in an Arizona factory as a win for his economic agenda, but it's also a reminder that not all corporate commitments come to fruition. Trump was the second president to celebrate the computer chip maker's attempts to expand its domestic production at the same facility in Chandler, Arizona. In 2012, Obama went to the factory's construction site and celebrated that the plant would produce "some of the fastest and most powerful computer chips on Earth." "Let's stop rewarding businesses that ship jobs overseas," Obama said at the time. "Let's reward companies like Intel that are investing and creating jobs right here in the United States of America." But by 2014, however, Intel had pulled back from finishing the factory. The company said Wednesday that it expects to open the plant known as "Fab 42" within four years. "We delayed completion to ensure Fab 42 came online when we expected sufficient demand," said William Moss, an Intel spokesman. "We're making this investment now in anticipation of the growth of our business." Like Obama, Trump declared it a win for workers. "We're very happy and I can tell you the people of Arizona are very happy," Trump said. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said in an Oval Office visit with Trump that the factory will employ about 3,000 workers directly -and 10,000 workers in Arizona in support of the factory. Krzanich said he made the announcement from the White House because "it's really in support of the tax and regulatory policies that we see the administration pushing forward." But Intel has not been a universal fan of Trump's policies. It was among the tech companies that filed a legal brief that challenged the president's 90-day ban on travel to the United States from seven Muslim-majority countries. The announcement comes as Intel has shed jobs. It announced last year that it planned to lay off 12,000 workers in a reorganization prompted by a decline in sales of personal computers. That was about 11 percent of the company's workers. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Trump is 2nd president to tout unfinished Intel factory Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Protesters meet new education secretary as she visits school Trump cites voter fraud in NH without providing evidence Smiles, a hug set tone for Trump's meeting with Japan's Abe News Local News National/World News Video Traffic KIRO7 Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About KIRO 7 What's on KIRO 7 KIRO 7 FCC EEO Public File Report KIRO 7 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources Reseller News Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign In Existing Member Forgot password? Join Reseller News Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN After Ryzen, AMD has no immediate plan to purge its other PC chips After Ryzen, AMD has no immediate plan to purge its other PC chips AMD is repackaging its existing chips, from FX to Sempron, for mid-to low-end PCs Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 09 February, 2017 08:35 - - - - print email Comments An AMD Athlon or Sempron chip may not drum as much excitement as Ryzen, but loyalty has helped those brands stick around for more than a decade. So what happens to those and other PC processors, like the A-series and FX, when AMD's new Ryzen chips start flooding the market in March? AMD has said the first high-end desktop Ryzen chips will ship in March. For now, AMD plans to make no changes to its lineup of existing chips, a company spokesman said. Instead, the chips will be regrouped to focus on price-sensitive PC buyers. Ryzen-based PCs are expected to be priced at a premium, competing with Intel's top gaming CPUs. The FX chips will not go away once Ryzen arrives, and will be targeted toward budget gamers. The A-series chips -- which were targeted toward a wide range of laptops -- will be much like Intel's Core i3, i5 and Celeron and Pentium processors, which are also targeted at low-end to mid-range laptops and Chromebooks. Unified AM4 socket compatibility helps maintain existing chips and has provided an easy path to Zen-based PC chip upgrade, the spokesman said. For example, the AM4 socket supports Zen chips and the recent 7th Generation A-series chips. Expanding the PC chip lineup will help AMD compete with Intel, from the high-end to low end. AMD is already gaining in the PC market. AMD took x86 chip market share from Intel in 2016. AMD had a 13.6 percent market share in 2016, growing from a 12.7 percent share in 2015. Intel's share was 86.3 percent in 2016, dropping from 87.1 percent in 2015, according to Mercury Research. Strong laptop chip shipments in the second half of 2016 and an inventory purge in 2015 helped AMD grow its market share, said Dean McCarron, principal analyst at Mercury Research. The most vulnerable AMD chips are Athlon and Sempron, which sit on the bottom rung of the company's chip lineup.  Some brands like Phenom have died, but Athlon and Sempron have shown amazing staying power thanks to brand loyalty from home PC builders in Asia, McCarron said. Those chips will be hard to discontinue overnight, McCarron said. "Intel dealt with that in Asia on Pentium. Once it is established, they can't go away," McCarron said. Chips like the Athlon X4 and FX-4300 -- which is cheap to manufacture -- will keep serving customers' needs and will stay in production for some time to come, McCarron said. Also, PC makers need low-end products to segment markets and maintain prices. The price of high-end FX chips helps set a minimum price for Ryzen chips. It also helps retain Ryzen as a high-margin product, which is important for AMD in its pursuit of higher profitability. The low-end chips will also help keep AMD's chip volume active and meet supply agreements. AMD has an agreement with GlobalFoundries to manufacture a certain number of chips each year. Low-end chips are also important to manufacturing. They help amortize manufacturing costs and provide a market for chips with minor defects. It's fairly common for chips to get defects during manufacturing, and those are repackaged into low-end parts. That helps reduce inventory and produces revenue from those chips. AMD can't say it is getting rid of older chips because that would damage partnerships with PC makers and OEMs, said Jim McGregor, principal analyst at Tirias Research. "They can't displace the entire product portfolio over night," McGregor said. But at some point, AMD will have to figure out which ones to chuck. It's likely the chips that are more expensive to manufacture will get the boot. Some chips like high-end FX parts could get the boot as Ryzen chips expand into lower-end gaming PCs. A decision to drop expensive chips and retain cheaper ones would be a cost-saving measure to reduce the manufacturing overhead. "You'll see the transition over the next nine to 12 months to move everything over," McGregor said. AMD has also released Zen-based server chips to succeed the current Opteron server chips. The company has seemingly put the development of ARM-based server chips on hold, and few server makers are using Opteron chips now. AMD will continue making embedded chips, which are used in devices with life spans of up to 10 years. Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the New Zealand Reseller News newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next How to build an army of cybersecurity experts ​Christchurch CBD return next as Intergen makes Wellington move ​What are the top 10 tech trends for New Zealand in 2017? Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Featured Slideshows ​What are the top 10 tech trends for New Zealand in 2017? Digital Transformation (DX) has been a critical topic for business over the last few years and IDC is now predicting a step change as DX reaches macroeconomic levels. By 2020 a DX economy will emerge and it will become the core of what New Zealand industries focus on. From the board level through to the C-Suite, Kiwi organisations must be prepared to think and act digital when the DX economy emerges in 2017. ​What are the top 10 tech trends for New Zealand in 2017? Top 15 Kiwi tech storylines to follow in 2017 ​The New Year brings the usual new round of humdrum technology predictions, glaringly general, unashamedly safe and perpetually predictable. But while the industry no longer sees value in “cloud is now the norm” type projections, value can be found in following developments of the year previous, analysing behaviours and patterns to formulate a plan for the 12 months ahead. Consequently, here’s the top Kiwi tech storylines to follow in 2017... Top 15 Kiwi tech storylines to follow in 2017 Top 50 defining moments of the New Zealand channel in 2016 Reseller News looks back on a tumultuous 12 months for the New Zealand channel, assessing the fallout from a year of sizeable industry change. Whether it be local or global mergers and acquisitions, distribution deals or job changes, the channel that started the year differs somewhat to the one set to finish it - Reseller News assesses the key moments that made 2016.​ Top 50 defining moments of the New Zealand channel in 2016 Related Whitepapers Datto’s State of Channel APAC Ransomware Report How to Plan For Disaster Recovery D-Link Case Study: Simple and Scalable Network Solutions for Medical Professionals and Visiting Clients Annual ITSP Benchmarking Study Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ​How partners can help CIOs build trust in digital government   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Computerworld New Zealand Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News Feb 10 ​NZ banking and securities IT spend set for highest regional growth Feb 10 Microsoft hasn't moved the Windows 10 needle in months Feb 10 ​Day of reckoning still to come despite Dell EMC partner program launch Feb 10 ​Double executive departure rocks Quest Software More News ​Double executive departure rocks Quest Software ​Christchurch CBD return next as Intergen makes Wellington move Reseller News Events 24 Feb Reseller News Hall of Fame 2017 24 May Reseller News Judges' Lunch 2017 14 Jun Reseller News WIICTA 2017 View all events Featured EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 Reseller News After Hours Reseller News After Hours Women in ICT NZ Women in ICT NZ Reseller News Industry Awards Industry Awards
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com People February 8, 2017 9:07 PM The Latest: Trump wishes China a prosperous new year President Donald Trump speaks to the Major County Sheriffs' Association and Major Cities Chiefs Association, Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, in Washington. Evan Vucci AP Photo FILE - In this March 16, 2016 file photo, Trump Tower is seen in New York. The U.S. military is looking to rent space at Trump Tower for use when President Donald Trump returns to his longtime home in New York City. Mark Lennihan, File AP Photo FILE - In this Nov. 11, 2016 file photo, Ivanka Trump, daughter of President-elect Donald Trump, arrives at Trump Tower in New York. Nordstrom shares sunk after President Trump tweeted that the department store chain had treated his daughter “so unfairly” when it announced last week that it would stop selling Ivanka Trump’s clothing and accessory line. Evan Vucci, File AP Photo President Donald Trump looks at Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, holding a silicon wafer, during their meeting in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017. Pablo Martinez Monsivais AP Photo White House press secretary Sean Spicer speaks during the daily press briefing, Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, at the White House in Washington. Evan Vucci AP Photo 1 of 5 i The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON The Latest on President Donald Trump (all times EST): 8:40 p.m. The White House says President Donald Trump has written Chinese President Xi Jinping (shee jihn-peeng) to wish the "Chinese people a happy Lantern Festival and prosperous Year of the Rooster." The White House says Trump wrote Xi to thank him for a congratulatory letter and to express his hopes of developing "a constructive relationship that benefits both the United States and China." Before taking office, Trump questioned the "one-China policy" that shifted U.S. recognition from self-governing Taiwan to China in 1979. He said it was open to negotiation. Trump also wants to pressure Beijing to narrow its trade surplus with the U.S. ___ 6 p.m. First lady Melania Trump has named Anna Cristina Niceta Lloyd as White House social secretary, putting her at the helm of the White House's social events, state dinners and other high-profile gatherings. Mrs. Trump says Niceta Lloyd — who goes by Rickie — brings "solid diplomatic, political and social entertaining experience" to the job. The White House says Niceta Lloyd has worked with both Republicans and Democrats in planning events for the last five presidential inaugurations. She's also assisted the State Department's Office of Protocol with events with several secretaries of state. Mrs. Trump has yet to move to Washington, but she is starting to fill out her staff. She's said she plans to stay in New York while the president's 10-year-old son, Barro, finishes the school year. ___ 5:30 p.m. Donald Trump's Supreme Court nominee has told a Democratic senator that he found the president's attacks on the judiciary "disheartening" and "demoralizing." Sen. Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut disclosed the comments from Judge Neil Gorsuch after meeting with the nominee Wednesday. Trump referred to a Seattle judge who put a stay on his immigrant travel ban as a "so-called judge." Gorsuch's confirmation team confirmed that Gorsuch was referring to that comment and described it as disheartening. Gorsuch is making the rounds in the Senate, drawing praise from Republicans but skepticism from many Democrats, including Blumenthal. ___ 4:30 p.m. Republican Sen. John McCain isn't budging from his assessment that the U.S. raid in Yemen wasn't a success after he was criticized by the White House. McCain says any operation where a $75 million airplane is lost, a Navy SEAL is killed, and there are multiple casualties, including women and children, "cannot be labeled a success." His remarks came after White House spokesman Sean Spicer said anyone who questions the success of the Yemen operation is doing a "disservice" to the life of Navy SEAL Ryan Owens. McCain recalled a failed 1970 mission to rescue U.S. service members held in North Vietnam. He says, "Any connection between success or failure and the heroism of men and women who serve, there is none." ___ 2:50 p.m. White House press secretary Sean Spicer says those who question the success of a deadly U.S. raid in Yemen are doing a "disservice" to the life of a Navy SEAL who was killed in the raid. The comments come after Arizona Sen. John McCain said Tuesday that he wouldn't describe the raid as a success, given the loss of American life. Spicer says the action taken in Yemen was a "huge success" and that any other characterization does a disservice to the life of Ryan Owens, the Navy SEAL who was killed in the assault. Innocent civilians, including children, were also killed in the raid. Three other U.S. service members were wounded. ___ 2:15 p.m. A White House spokesman says President Donald Trump was standing up for his daughter when he posted a tweet criticizing Nordstrom. Trump tweeted that Ivanka Trump was treated "so unfairly" by the department store, which decided to stop selling her clothing and accessory line. White House spokesman Sean Spicer says Trump was responding to an "attack on his daughter." Spicer says Trump is president — and "for people to take out their concern about his actions or executive orders on members of his family, he has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities, their success." Nordstrom did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment about Trump's tweet. ___ 1:10 p.m. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich is at the White House and bringing the kind of economic news that President Donald Trump likes to trumpet: a $7 billion investment in an Intel factory in Arizona. The CEO says in an Oval Office visit with Trump that Intel will be completing the factory and making "the most advanced" chips on the planet." The CEO says the factory will employ about 3,000 workers directly — and 10,000 workers in Arizona in support of the factory. Krzanich says the announcement comes partly in response in part to Trump's tax and regulatory policies. Trump calls the product that Intel will be making is "amazing." ___ 12 p.m. The U.S. military is looking to rent space at Trump Tower for use when President Donald Trump is working in New York City. Pentagon spokesman Army Lt. Col. J.B. Brindle says the Department of Defense is looking for the space "in order to meet official mission requirements." It's not immediately clear how much it would cost the Pentagon to rent space in the 58-story midtown Manhattan tower owned by the Trump Organization. Trump lives in the three-story penthouse. He hasn't returned to New York since taking office on Jan. 20. His wife, Melania, and their young son, Barron, are living there for now. It's customary for the military to obtain space near a president's residence. ___ 11:50 a.m. Organizations opposed to President Donald Trump's executive order on government regulations are suing to block it. The order required federal agencies to identify at least two existing regulations to repeal for every new regulation proposed or issued. The suit contends the order exceeds the president's constitutional authority — and directs agencies to unlawfully repeal rules intended to protect the health and safety of Americans, and the environment. Filing suit are Public Citizen, a consumer advocacy group, the Communications Workers of America and the Natural Resources Defense Council. ___ 11:25 a.m. President Donald Trump isn't happy about Nordstrom's decision to stop selling Ivanka Trump's line of clothing and accessories — and he's tweeting his criticism. Trump says his daughter has "been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom." The president says she's "a great person — always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!" Nordstrom said last week that it would stop selling Ivanka Trump merchandise. The Seattle-based department store chain said the decision was based on the sales performance of the first daughter's brand. Nordstrom hasn't immediately responded to an email seeking comment. Ivanka Trump has formally stepped down from her leadership role with the brand. ___ 9:57 a.m. President Donald Trump is promising "zero tolerance" for violence against law enforcement officers. He tells a group of police chiefs that his administration will give their departments the resources to recruit and retain officers. Trump also says "no one in America should be punished" simply for growing up in a place where violence may be prevalent. And as he has done before, he's singling out Chicago, saying the level of violence in the city cannot be allowed to continue. He says "we've allowed too many young lives to be claimed." When it comes to people who may be living illegally in the United States and involved in criminal activity, the president wants law enforcement and the public to report them to the Department of Homeland Security. In his words — "I want you to turn in the bad ones." ___ 9:40 a.m. President Donald Trump is asserting that had the right to enact his travel ban. He tells a group of police chiefs that his immigration order was "done for the security of our nation." He says the provision supporting the order was written "beautifully" and was within his executive authority. Trump says "a bad high school student would understand this." A federal judge has put the ban on hold, and an appeals court is considering an appeal from the Trump administration. The order includes a temporary travel ban on travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries. While awaiting a decision, Trump says "courts seem to be so political." ___ 7:55 a.m. President Donald Trump is expected to have lunch Thursday with a group of moderate Senate Democrats who could play a key role in his legislative agenda. The lunch is expected to include Sens. Joe Manchin of West Virginia, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, Joe Donnelly of Indiana and Jon Tester of Montana. Trump faces a narrow Republican majority in the Senate and hopes to secure some support among Democrats for his agenda and the confirmation of Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch. All four Senate Democrats face re-election in 2018. The lunch was first reported by USA Today and confirmed by the Senate offices. The White House did not immediately provide details on the lunch, which is also expected to include Republican lawmakers. __ 7: 24 a.m. President Donald Trump is tweeting that if he loses the pending court case over his travel ban, the country "can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled." The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals is weighing the appeal of Trump's executive order on immigration, including a temporary travel ban on those from seven Muslim-majority countries. The appeals court challenged the administration's claim that the ban was motivated by terrorism fears, but it also questioned an attorney's argument that it unconstitutionally targeted Muslims. The president tweeted early Wednesday, "If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!" FILE - In this March 6, 2015 file photo, Ivanka Trump models an outfit following an interview to promote her clothing line in Toronto. Nordstrom said Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, it will stop selling Ivanka Trump clothing and accessories. The Seattle-based department store chain said the decision was based on the sales performance of the first daughter's brand. The Canadian Press via AP Pawel Dwulit i Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story People Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 5:03 Miami doctor 'removed from all clinical duties' following attack on Uber driver Pause 2:23 One arrest as protesters block DeVos from D.C. middle school 2:32 Melania Trump's focus as First Lady is to end cyberbullying 2:41 Heat's Goran Dragic says there's only one other player in the league as versatile as James Johnson 8:39 Boy Scouts executive: 'We have not lost our way' 2:30 Heat's James Johnson goes for season-high 26 points in win at Brooklyn 2:08 Critics thrown out of the County Commission chambers 0:50 Dion Waiters speaks to media after last-second shot beats Golden State Warriors 1:33 Dutch water-management expert advises on sea-level-rise in Miami 1:47 President Donald Trump's Guantánamo Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 days ago Police release surveillance video in theft of Kobe Bryant memorabilia 3:01 3 days ago Police release surveillance video in theft of Kobe Bryant memorabilia 0:57 5 days ago Illustrated Interview | Marge Simpson 4:13 15 days ago Miami native William Levy talks about "Resident Evil: The Final Chapter" View more video About Madeleine Marr @madeleinemarr Follow @madeleinemarr Former fashion and food writer Madeleine Marr joined the Miami Herald in 2003. The native New Yorker's celebrity coverage includes features, interviews, events, red carpets, premieres, award ceremonies, style, news and gossip in the South Florida area and beyond. People Jason Derulo claims discrimination at MIA after trying to check 19 bags for LA flight Stuff celebrities love: Chance the Rapper’s ode to Obama Miami group to protest Blackstone CEO’s 70th. Will Trump be there? George Clooney to be a first-time dad times two — at 55 Gabrielle Union makes fun of Dwyane Wade on national television Entertainment Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age World Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World February 9 2017 Save Print Jeff Sessions confirmed as Attorney General, after bitter battle Eric Lichtblau and Matt Flegenheimer facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Washington: Senator Jeff Sessions was confirmed Wednesday as President Donald Trump's attorney general, capping a bitter and racially charged nomination battle that crested with the procedural silencing of a leading Democrat, Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, who had criticised the Alabama senator from the Senate floor. Sessions survived a near-party-line vote, 52-47, the latest sign of the extreme partisanship at play as Trump strains to install his Cabinet. No Republicans broke ranks in their support of a colleague who will become the nation's top law enforcement official after two decades in the Senate. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Trump looks at new immigration order Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:26 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 00:00 Jeff Sessions confirmed as next U.S. ... Jeff Sessions confirmed as next U.S. Attorney General The U.S. Senate votes to confirm Republican Senator Jeff Sessions as the next attorney general of the United States. Up Next Trump looks at new immigration order Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:26 Video duration 01:26 Trump looks at new immigration order Trump looks at new immigration order US President Donald Trump said during a surprise visit with reporters aboard Air Force One en route to Florida that he was considering "a brand new order" that could be issued as soon as Monday or Tuesday. Up Next French presidential hopeful Macron dismisses affair Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:09 Video duration 01:09 French presidential hopeful Macron ... French presidential hopeful Macron dismisses affair France's presidential election campaign lurched deeper into uncertainty on Tuesday after centrist Emmanuel Macron was forced to deny an extramarital affair while financial scandal continued to dog conservative rival Francois Fillon. Up Next Japan to pursue 'free, fair' market with US Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:32 Video duration 00:32 Japan to pursue 'free, fair' market with ... Japan to pursue 'free, fair' market with US Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe says he and President Donald Trump have confirmed their will to build a free and fair market based on rules, following Trump's decision to withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Up Next Race to save stranded whales in New Zealand Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:41 Video duration 00:41 Race to save stranded whales in New ... Race to save stranded whales in New Zealand Rescuers race to save hundreds of pilot whales at New Zealand's picturesque Golden Bay in one of the country's largest recorded mass strandings. Up Next US appeals court upholds suspension of Trump travel ban Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:32 Video duration 00:32 US appeals court upholds suspension of ... US appeals court upholds suspension of Trump travel ban President Donald Trump was handed another legal defeat on Thursday when the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled to uphold a lower court's decision to block his controversial travel ban from seven Muslim-majority countries. Up Next Federal appeals court won't reinstate travel ban Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:09 Video duration 01:09 Federal appeals court won't reinstate ... Federal appeals court won't reinstate travel ban A federalÂ appealsÂ court refused Thursday to reinstate President Donald Trump's ban on travellers from seven predominantly Muslim nations, dealing another legal setback to the new administration's immigration policy. Up Next Spicer cites 'Atlanta terrorist attack', meant Orlando Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:25 Video duration 01:25 Spicer cites 'Atlanta terrorist attack', ... Spicer cites 'Atlanta terrorist attack', meant Orlando Trump's press secretary Sean Spicer referred to a mysterious Atlanta terrorist attack when justifying the travel ban, but the White House says he "clearly meant Orlando". More videos Jeff Sessions confirmed as next U.S. Attorney General The U.S. Senate votes to confirm Republican Senator Jeff Sessions as the next attorney general of the United States. But the confirmation process -- ferocious even by the slumping standards of decorum that have defined the body's recent years -- laid bare the Senate's deep divisions at the outset of the Trump presidency. At the same time, the latest star turn for Warren rekindled the gender-infused politics that animated the presidential election and the women's march protesting Trump the day after his inauguration last month. Democrats spent the hours before the vote on Wednesday seething over the treatment of Warren, who had been barred from speaking on the floor the previous night. Late Tuesday, Republicans voted to formally silence Warren after the senator read from a 1986 letter by Coretta Scott King that criticised Sessions for using "the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens" while serving as a federal prosecutor in Alabama. Related Content Warren goes viral after being blocked from reading Coretta Scott King letter Donald Trump's showdown with America's courts on the horizon Since Trump announced his choice for attorney general, Sessions' history with issues of race had assumed centre stage. A committee hearing on his nomination included searing indictments from black Democratic lawmakers like Rep. John Lewis of Georgia, the civil rights icon, and Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey, who broke with Senate tradition to testify against a peer. For weeks, Republicans have rejected any suggestion that Sessions cannot be trusted on civil rights, arguing that he had been tarnished unfairly over accusations of racial insensitivity that have dogged him since the 1980s. Advertisement "Everybody in this body knows Senator Sessions well, knows that he is a man of integrity, a man of principle," Senator Dan Sullivan, a Republican, said during the debate on Wednesday afternoon. The "twisting" of Sessions' record offended him, he said, even as Democrats continued their attacks on the nominee. As the 84th attorney general, Sessions brings a sharply conservative bent to the Justice Department and its 113,000 employees. A former prosecutor, he promises a focus aligned with Trump in pushing a "law and order" agenda that includes tougher enforcement of laws on immigration, drugs and gun trafficking. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link US Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Photo: Bloomberg Civil rights advocates worry, however, that he will reverse steps taken by the Obama administration in the last eight years to bring more accountability to police departments, state and local governments, and employers. Advocates point to his history of votes against various civil rights measures, as well as the accusations of racial insensitivity. Senator Patty Murray, a Democrat, said on Wednesday that on civil rights, immigration, abortion, criminal sentencing guidelines and a range of other issues, Sessions had been far outside the mainstream and had pushed "extreme policies" often targeting minorities. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Jeff Sessions gestures during a break in testimony on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC. Photo: AP That criticism peaked with Tuesday night's rebuke of Warren, based on an arcane Senate rule that prevents members from impugning the character of a fellow senator, as she read the letter from King. The widow of the Reverend Martin Luther King Jr., King wrote the letter in response to Sessions' 1986 nomination for a federal judgeship, for which he was ultimately rejected in part because of accusations that he had been insensitive to minorities as a prosecutor. New York Times Advertisement Most Popular As Trump pivots, his administration gets a reality check Donald Trump plans travel ban backflip after court ruling, reports say Jihadist's regret: 'I thought they were the real Muslim caliphate' Boyfriend to accept charges over Emily Collie's death in jet-ski crash France's Hollywood presidential candidate is gaining ground Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Donald Trump plans travel ban backflip after court ruling, reports say Boyfriend to accept charges over Emily Collie's death in jet-ski crash Jihadist's regret: 'I thought they were the real Muslim caliphate' Donald Trump says new action on immigration to be issued next week Trump's war on the law that prevents another GFC The Age Massive spider claims six seats for itself on busy Melbourne train First openly gay AFL player couple: "We're proud, and proud of each other" Norwegian Star cruise liner broken down and drifting near Melbourne AFP under fire over support services after experienced officer's death The Sydney Morning Herald Threat of blackouts looms as NSW bakes in heatwave Donald Trump plans travel ban backflip after court ruling, reports say Sea World dolphin show sabotaged by activists Inside the explosive far-right fundraiser where Muslims are fair game Brisbane Times Brisbane's 2016 food hall of shame revealed Sea World dolphin show sabotaged by activists Two far north Queensland punters win lotto three days apart Oh boy. It's meant to be 39 degrees in Brisbane on Sunday Canberra Times Total fire ban to extend into Sunday as temperatures exceed 40 degrees Bush towns to bid for Canberra departments Three children in hospital after crash on Kings Highway Police seek witnesses after man and woman shot in Gordon Rain forecast and cooler temperatures on the way WA Today 'Puff, puff, pass': How WA's dolphins are using blowfish to get high Perth freeway hit and run pursuit caught on dash camera Wet and wild weather cancels Perth's weekend plans Northam residents evacuating as a precaution as flood waters rise Four seasons in one day ... in one country down under Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Intel's 'New' Factory Isn't About Trump—It's About Fixing Intel subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 8 hours See how the VFX team transformed Doctor Strange into his astral form bit.ly/2kYSR5j Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Caption: President Donald Trump greets Brian Krzanich (L), the chief executive of Intel, at the White House on February 8, 2017. DOUG MILLS/The New York Times/Redux Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Klint Finley. Klint Finley Business Date of Publication: 02.08.17. 02.08.17 Time of Publication: 7:45 pm. 7:45 pm Intel’s ‘New’ Factory Isn’t About Trump—It’s About Fixing Intel President Donald Trump greets Brian Krzanich (L), the chief executive of Intel, at the White House on February 8, 2017. DOUG MILLS/The New York Times/Redux Intel CEO Brian Krzanich promised $7 billion today to resume construction of a chip factory near Phoenix that could one day employ 3,000 people. But he didn’t make the announcement at the job site or on stage during a Silicon Valley keynote. Instead, Krzanich stood in the Oval Office holding a sheet of microchips next to President Trump. The photo-op played into Trump’s #AmericaFirst promise of more US manufacturing jobs, and the president didn’t waste time exploiting the PR moment. But everything was not as it looked. Intel’s plans have a lot less to do with Trump and a lot more to do with Intel trying to reinvent itself. If today’s event looked eerily familiar, that’s because Krzanich’s predecessor, Paul Otellini, originally announced the Arizona factory, known as Fab42, alongside President Obama in February 2011. At the time, Intel estimated the plant would open in 2013. In early 2014, the company confirmed that construction was indefinitely delayed. Krzanich, a longtime Trump supporter, credited the resurrected plan to the new president. “It’s really in support of the tax and regulatory policies that we see the president pushing forward that make it advantageous to do manufacturing in the US,” Krzanich said during the press conference. Related Stories Intel Looks to a New Chip to Power the Coming Age of AI PC Sales Are Up in the US! But Don’t Expect a Great Comeback OpenAI Joins Microsoft on the Cloud’s Next Big Front: Chips But the “new” plant, assuming it’s actually finished this time, doesn’t exactly represent a resurgence in domestic investment. Intel was in a very different place when it first announced Fab42. The company posted record sales in 2010. It had billions in cash on hand to invest in new facilities like Fab42 and its D1X research center in Oregon. Otellini promised to hire 4,000 people in the US. But by 2014, Intel’s revenue was flat due in part to falling demand for its PC chips as both consumers and businesses spent more mobile devices—a gadget wave Intel missed. The company announced plans to layoff 5,000 people that year. Intel broke its 2010 sales record last year. But it also announced that it would layoff 12,000 people worldwide. The company wouldn’t say how many people it will lay off in the US, but about half of its workforce is based in the US. An Intel spokesperson says it made the decision to resume construction on Fab42 this year thanks to projected growth and that Intel had not received any new tax incentives for the project (though it has received incentives from the state of Arizona in the past). The company’s woes, meanwhile, are far more directly tied to its failure to anticipate the market for mobile chips than to taxes or regulations. Intel says Fab42 will support a seven nanometer manufacturing process, enabling the company to squeeze more transistors onto its chips than ever before. It will need that boost in technology as it tries to figure out its place in a post-PC world. Standard PC chips still account for a large volume of Intel’s sales, but depending on PCs is not a sustainable plan for the future. Intel is now seeking to cement control of the data center chip market and to own the burgeoning market for chips to power artificially intelligent gear like self-driving cars and that swarm of drones you saw during Lady Gaga’s Super Bowl performance. In 2015, Intel spent $16.7 billion on Altera, a company that reprogrammable chips used by companies like Microsoft to power AI applications in the cloud. Last year, Intel spun off security company McAfee, which it acquired for $7.68 billion in 2010, and acquired Movidius, a company that specialized in creating chips specifically designed for AI. To manage all that re-engineering of its chips—and its business—Intel needs factories close to home. Unlike the gadgets they power, chips are complicated enough to demand a closely monitored manufacturing process that has long kept Intel’s chip-making a US-bound operation. Trump may want to chalk up Intel’s decision as a win for his presidency. But it’s Intel that really needs the win. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Donald Trump Intel microchips Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular The AI Threat Isn’t Skynet. It’s the End of the Middle Class Artificial Intelligence The AI Threat Isn’t Skynet. It’s the End of the Middle Class 20 hours John Oliver Returns to Out-News the News—by Ignoring Trump TV John Oliver Returns to Out-News the News—by Ignoring Trump 15 hours The Next Big Blue-Collar Job Is Coding Code The Next Big Blue-Collar Job Is Coding 3 days Why Self-Driving Cars *Can’t Even* With Construction Zones autonomous vehicles Why Self-Driving Cars *Can’t Even* With Construction Zones 14 hours Russians Engineer a Brilliant Slot Machine Cheat—And Casinos Have No Fix Security Russians Engineer a Brilliant Slot Machine Cheat—And Casinos Have No Fix 02.06.17 The Troubled F-35 Fighter Jet Rules the Skies in Its Toughest Test Yet military tech The Troubled F-35 Fighter Jet Rules the Skies in Its Toughest Test Yet 17 hours Say Hello to the Super-Stealthy Malware That’s Going Mainstream Security Say Hello to the Super-Stealthy Malware That’s Going Mainstream 1 day More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business Artificial Intelligence The AI Threat Isn’t Skynet. It’s the End of the Middle Class 20 hours Business Forget New Users. Twitter Needs to Find New Ads 2 days Business Inside Facebook’s First Efforts to Rain Internet from the Sky 11.10.16 WIRED Opinion Tech Still Doesn’t Get Diversity. Here’s How to Fix It 3 days Code The Next Big Blue-Collar Job Is Coding 3 days Gadget Lab Podcast Swarm Hugs 11 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 8 hours See how the VFX team transformed Doctor Strange into his astral form bit.ly/2kYSR5j Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 8 hours See how the VFX team transformed Doctor Strange into his astral form bit.ly/2kYSR5j Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Sport Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files A-League Fixtures A-League Ladder Melbourne Victory Sydney FC Western Sydney Wanderers Brisbane Roar Perth Glory Melbourne City Adelaide United Wellington Phoenix Newcastle Jets Central Coast Mariners A-League Match Reports Home Sport Soccer Melbourne City February 8 2017 Save Print Melbourne City goalkeeper Dean Bouzanis gets five-game ban for gypsy slur facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Melbourne City goalkeeper Dean Bouzanis has been handed a five-match A-League ban for calling Melbourne Victory striker Besart Berisha a "f---ing gypsy" during last weekend's derby. Bouzanis was unable to convince Football Federation Australia's disciplinary and ethics committee to downgrade his charge of discriminatory language on the basis he did not understand the loaded racial undertones of his heated slur, which was directed at the Albanian marksman. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Hiroki Sakai, a Japanese success in Marseille Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:14 More Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 02:14 Hiroki Sakai, a Japanese success in ... Hiroki Sakai, a Japanese success in Marseille After four seasons in Hanover, Hiroki Sakai joined the new again home of Dimitri Payet, Marseille, last summer and the Japanese fullback has quickly become one of the standouts in his position in Ligue 1. Up Next Protest at Sea World dolphin show Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:53 Video duration 02:53 Protest at Sea World dolphin show Protest at Sea World dolphin show Animal rights activists disrupt a dolphin show at Sea World in Queensland on Saturday. Up Next Passenger unrest onboard floating Norwegian star Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:05 Video duration 01:05 Passenger unrest onboard floating ... Passenger unrest onboard floating Norwegian star Vision filmed by a passenger onboard the stranded Norwegian Star cruise ship apparently shows upset passengers chanting, "we want answers". Vision courtesy Larissa Marie. Up Next First sale in 90 years Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:37 Video duration 01:37 First sale in 90 years First sale in 90 years This Sydney home has been in the same family for 90 years. Domain attended this very special auction. Up Next Australian fugitive: 'I sleep with a clear conscience' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:20 Video duration 02:20 Australian fugitive: 'I sleep with a ... Australian fugitive: 'I sleep with a clear conscience' On the run from the FBI, Bruce Sholtz Macedo says he had nothing to do with the car crash which left two men dead in Florida. Up Next Trump looks at new immigration order Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:26 Video duration 01:26 Trump looks at new immigration order Trump looks at new immigration order US President Donald Trump said during a surprise visit with reporters aboard Air Force One en route to Florida that he was considering "a brand new order" that could be issued as soon as Monday or Tuesday. Up Next A castle fit for a cat Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:45 Video duration 01:45 A castle fit for a cat A castle fit for a cat Matt Black of Parramatta keeps his cats in a purpose built cat enclosure in his backyard. More videos Flares set off at Melbourne derby Flares were lit after Victory defeated City and as thousands were leaving Etihad Stadium on Saturday night. But at a hearing on Wednesday night in Sydney, the committee accepted the 26-year-old's ignorance and deep remorse over his words, caught on camera following Victory's controversial 2-1 win over City. They also took into account the fact he had met Berisha personally on Tuesday to apologise, and praised City for taking immediate steps to address the situation with Victory. Related Content Victory nailing down second spot but not giving up hope of topping table Cahill apologises for Melbourne derby ref abuse But committee chair John Marshall SC warned Bouzanis that while his unblemished record and commitment to undergo an awareness course had helped his case this time, he could not expect such leniency in the future. "You should think yourself fortunate to have got the minimum in the circumstances, and you can never count on that happening ever again," Marshall said. Advertisement Bouzanis accepted the sanction, meaning he would sit out until City's round-24 away clash with Western Sydney and likely be replaced by Thomas Sorensen. "I'm grateful to have been able to present my case and I'd like to apologise to Berisha and the football community," he said afterwards. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Dean Bouzanis has been banned for his slur towards Besart Berisha. Photo: Getty Images "You'll see from my actions that this will never happen again." During the 40-minute hearing, City chief executive Scott Munn recounted the moment he found Bouzanis in the changing rooms after Saturday's fiery match and explained the severity of what he'd said. Munn said Bouzanis had been under the impression the word "gypsy" was nothing more than a swear word or something akin to "bogan". But he became extremely anxious and regretful after learning its other meaning and sought to apologise to Berisha immediately, which Victory deemed inappropriate on the night. Bouzanis' absence further ravages City's already massively depleted squad for Saturday's crunch clash with Brisbane at AAMI Park. Tim Cahill has a one-game ban for swearing, while defender Michael Jakobsen is injured and captain Bruno Fornaroli, Muscat, Osama Malik, Luke Brattan and Fernando Brandan will all serve one-week suspensions due to an accumulation of yellow cards. AAP Advertisement Most Popular Canberra sport put on ice for 41-degree heat 'I remember the day dad died': Why No. 13 drives Capitals guard Abigail to honour her dad Women's football needs to strike while the iron is hot Australian ODI bolter Sam Heazlett stuck in unique PM's XI situation MacGill a no-show in $2.6 million injury case against CA Latest Sport Videos Play Video Replay Video Hiroki Sakai, a Japanese success in Marseille 1 hr ago Video duration 00:27 Perth thrash Adelaide Video duration 00:27 La Rocca hits stunning header, at wrong end Follow Canberra Times Get notified when the big things happen. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Sport Stop the fight! Please, stop the fight Canberra sport put on ice for 41-degree heat 'I remember the day dad died': Why No. 13 drives Capitals guard Abigail to honour her dad Women's football needs to strike while the iron is hot Tuggeranong bowler Thomas Perez takes six wickets in six balls Canberra Times Total fire ban to extend into Sunday as temperatures exceed 40 degrees Bush towns to bid for Canberra departments Three children in hospital after crash on Kings Highway Police seek witnesses after man and woman shot in Gordon Rain forecast and cooler temperatures on the way The Sydney Morning Herald Threat of blackouts looms as NSW bakes in heatwave Donald Trump plans travel ban backflip after court ruling, reports say Sea World dolphin show sabotaged by activists Inside the explosive far-right fundraiser where Muslims are fair game The Age Massive spider claims six seats for itself on busy Melbourne train First openly gay AFL player couple: "We're proud, and proud of each other" Norwegian Star cruise liner broken down and drifting near Melbourne AFP under fire over support services after experienced officer's death Brisbane Times Brisbane's 2016 food hall of shame revealed Sea World dolphin show sabotaged by activists Two far north Queensland punters win lotto three days apart Oh boy. It's meant to be 39 degrees in Brisbane on Sunday WA Today 'Puff, puff, pass': How WA's dolphins are using blowfish to get high Perth freeway hit and run pursuit caught on dash camera Wet and wild weather cancels Perth's weekend plans Northam residents evacuating as a precaution as flood waters rise Four seasons in one day ... in one country down under Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Sydney Morning Herald News site of the year World Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News NSW News National Environment Health Education Investigations Good Weekend Galleries Clique Photos Victoria News Queensland ACT News WA News Sport NRL Union AFL Football Cricket Racing Motorsport Basketball Netball Cycling Tennis Scores Golf US Sports Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorials Column 8 Obituaries Peter Hartcher Ross Gittins Jessica Irvine John Birmingham Satire Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage What's On in Sydney Video Shop Art Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World February 9 2017 Save Print Pope Francis issues stinging rebuke of Myanmar over atrocities against Rohingya Muslims Lindsay Murdoch Contact via Email Follow on Google Plus Follow on Twitter facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Pope Francis has issued a stinging rebuke of Myanmar over mass atrocities against Rohingya Muslims, including the slaughter of babies, in what the United Nations says "very likely" amount to crimes against humanity. "They have been suffering, they are being tortured and killed, simply because they uphold their Muslim faith," Francis said in his weekly audience at the Vatican. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Trump looks at new immigration order Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:26 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 02:02 Report reveals 'devastating cruelty' in ... Report reveals 'devastating cruelty' in Myanmar A United Nations report compiled from 204 victim interviews, exposes the extreme violence and terror used against the Rohingya Muslims by the Myanmar authorities. Up Next Trump looks at new immigration order Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:26 Video duration 01:26 Trump looks at new immigration order Trump looks at new immigration order US President Donald Trump said during a surprise visit with reporters aboard Air Force One en route to Florida that he was considering "a brand new order" that could be issued as soon as Monday or Tuesday. Up Next French presidential hopeful Macron dismisses affair Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:09 Video duration 01:09 French presidential hopeful Macron ... French presidential hopeful Macron dismisses affair France's presidential election campaign lurched deeper into uncertainty on Tuesday after centrist Emmanuel Macron was forced to deny an extramarital affair while financial scandal continued to dog conservative rival Francois Fillon. Up Next Japan to pursue 'free, fair' market with US Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:32 Video duration 00:32 Japan to pursue 'free, fair' market with ... Japan to pursue 'free, fair' market with US Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe says he and President Donald Trump have confirmed their will to build a free and fair market based on rules, following Trump's decision to withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Up Next Race to save stranded whales in New Zealand Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:41 Video duration 00:41 Race to save stranded whales in New ... Race to save stranded whales in New Zealand Rescuers race to save hundreds of pilot whales at New Zealand's picturesque Golden Bay in one of the country's largest recorded mass strandings. Up Next US appeals court upholds suspension of Trump travel ban Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:32 Video duration 00:32 US appeals court upholds suspension of ... US appeals court upholds suspension of Trump travel ban President Donald Trump was handed another legal defeat on Thursday when the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled to uphold a lower court's decision to block his controversial travel ban from seven Muslim-majority countries. Up Next Federal appeals court won't reinstate travel ban Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:09 Video duration 01:09 Federal appeals court won't reinstate ... Federal appeals court won't reinstate travel ban A federalÂ appealsÂ court refused Thursday to reinstate President Donald Trump's ban on travellers from seven predominantly Muslim nations, dealing another legal setback to the new administration's immigration policy. Up Next Spicer cites 'Atlanta terrorist attack', meant Orlando Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:25 Video duration 01:25 Spicer cites 'Atlanta terrorist attack', ... Spicer cites 'Atlanta terrorist attack', meant Orlando Trump's press secretary Sean Spicer referred to a mysterious Atlanta terrorist attack when justifying the travel ban, but the White House says he "clearly meant Orlando". More videos Report reveals 'devastating cruelty' in Myanmar A United Nations report compiled from 204 victim interviews, exposes the extreme violence and terror used against the Rohingya Muslims by the Myanmar authorities. The rebuke comes as UN officials dealing with almost 70,000 Rohingya who have fled to Bangladesh refugee camps expressed concern the outside world has not fully grasped the severity of the crisis unfolding in Myanmar's western Rakhine State, home to almost one million Rohingya, who are denied basic rights, including citizenship in the country where they have lived for generations. "The talk until now has been of hundreds of deaths. This is probably an underestimation – we could be looking at thousands," a UN official told Reuters. Related Content Where is the outrage about Myanmar's devastating cruelty? He cried out for his mother. They slit his throat, says witness The pope expressed concern about the plight of Rohingya in 2015 but his latest comments are his strongest yet on the issue, and will intensify pressure on Myanmar's military to end a brutal crackdown in Rakhine, following attacks on several border police posts last October. Francis said the Rohingya have been "thrown out of Myanmar, moved from one place to another because no one wants them." Advertisement "But they are good people, peaceful people. They are not Christian….they are our brothers and sisters," he said. The UN released a devastating report on February 3 detailing atrocities that it concluded raised serious concern that "ethnic cleansing" was underway to force Rohingya from Myanmar, the country also known as Burma. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Refugees in Kutapalong Rohingya refugee camp in Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh. Photo: Getty It cited more than 200 witnesses and survivors to mass rapes, murders, forced disappearances, beatings and families locked in torched houses and burnt alive. Among the atrocities was the slitting of a baby's throat as he cried out for his mother's milk while she was being gang raped. The report also detailed the case of a pregnant mother, whose stomach was stomped, while she was in labour. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Pope Francis celebrates a mass for nuns and priests in St. Peter's Basilica at the Vatican. Photo: AP For months Myanmar's government led by Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi has denied multiple reports detailing the atrocities, including from Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch and Fortify Rights, and criticised the media for reporting them. On Wednesday, Myanmar's Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a  statement saying it was "deeply concerned" about the "very serious" allegations detailed in the UN report" and said the country would "spare no effort to take legal action against any perpetrators if there is clear evidence of human rights abuses." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link A girl carries a toddler in her arms in Kutapalong Rohingya refugee camp in Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh.  Photo: Getty But the ministry blamed the violence on "armed men funded and inspired from abroad," referring to reports that the attacks on the border posts were orchestrated by Muslim extremists based in Pakistan. The government has referred the UN report to an already established investigation commission headed by a former general that rejected reports of abuses after its members visited Rakhine. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Women and children in a makeshift house they share with six others in a Rohingya refugee camp in Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh, after fleeing from Myanmar's Rakhine state. Photo: Getty Images Adama Dieng, the UN's special adviser on the prevention of genocide, has called for an independent commission to investigate the abuses, saying the government-appointed commission is not credible or up to the task. Ms Suu Kyi, who led her National League for Democracy to a landslide victory at elections in late 2015, has been widely criticised for failing to protect the Rohingya in the Buddhist majority country since violence erupted in Rakhine in 2012, displacing more than 100,000 from their homes. For decades she stood up to despotic generals who ruled the country under brutal repression for half a century, winning admiration as democracy champion. But observers in Myanmar believe she still has no control over the military which controls key security ministries.  Ultra-Buddhist nationalists regard Rohingya as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh who have no cultural or religious links to the Myanmar. Meanwhile, foreign diplomats and non-government-organisations are alarmed at reports that Bangladesh plans to move tens of thousands of Rohingya from refugee camps at the border with Myanmar to low-lying islands off-shore. "You don't put 100,000 people on an island where there is today nothing…without any preparation. It's terrible," a diplomat was quoted as saying in the Bangladesh capital Dhaka. Related Content Refugees despair at on-off US resettlement deal Advertisement Most Popular As Trump pivots, his administration gets a reality check Donald Trump plans travel ban backflip after court ruling, reports say Lebanese court rules homosexuality is not a crime, but persecution continues Powerful earthquake strikes Mindanao, Philippines Kiwis race to rescue whales as 200 more come in Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow SMH Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Donald Trump plans travel ban backflip after court ruling, reports say Boyfriend to accept charges over Emily Collie's death in jet-ski crash Jihadist's regret: 'I thought they were the real Muslim caliphate' Donald Trump says new action on immigration to be issued next week As Trump pivots, his administration gets a reality check The Sydney Morning Herald Threat of blackouts looms as NSW bakes in heatwave Inside the explosive far-right fundraiser where Muslims are fair game NSW Energy Minister pleads for help to avoid heatwave power blackout Ross Cameron defends calling Liberal Party 'a gay club' The Age Massive spider claims six seats for itself on busy Melbourne train First openly gay AFL player couple: "We're proud, and proud of each other" Norwegian Star cruise liner broken down and drifting near Melbourne AFP under fire over support services after experienced officer's death Brisbane Times Brisbane's 2016 food hall of shame revealed Sea World dolphin show sabotaged by activists Oh boy. It's meant to be 39 degrees in Brisbane on Sunday Two far north Queensland punters win lotto three days apart Canberra Times Total fire ban to extend into Sunday as temperatures exceed 40 degrees Bush towns to bid for Canberra departments Three children in hospital after crash on Kings Highway Police seek witnesses after man and woman shot in Gordon Rain forecast and cooler temperatures on the way WA Today 'Puff, puff, pass': How WA's dolphins are using blowfish to get high Perth freeway hit and run pursuit caught on dash camera Wet and wild weather cancels Perth's weekend plans Four seasons in one day ... in one country down under Massive spider claims six seats for itself on busy Melbourne train Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Sydney Morning Herald Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition SMH for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters Sydney Morning Herald Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
TechWorld After Ryzen, AMD has no immediate plan to purge its other PC chips News Technology News Development Digital Marketing Hardware IT Services Mobile Networking Open Source Operating Systems Security Small Business Software Storage Unified Comms Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join TechWorld Newsletters RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter After Ryzen, AMD has no immediate plan to purge its other PC chips AMD is repackaging its existing chips, from FX to Sempron, for mid-to low-end PCs Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 09 February, 2017 08:35 - - - - print email Comments An AMD Athlon or Sempron chip may not drum as much excitement as Ryzen, but loyalty has helped those brands stick around for more than a decade. So what happens to those and other PC processors, like the A-series and FX, when AMD's new Ryzen chips start flooding the market in March? AMD has said the first high-end desktop Ryzen chips will ship in March. For now, AMD plans to make no changes to its lineup of existing chips, a company spokesman said. Instead, the chips will be regrouped to focus on price-sensitive PC buyers. Ryzen-based PCs are expected to be priced at a premium, competing with Intel's top gaming CPUs. The FX chips will not go away once Ryzen arrives, and will be targeted toward budget gamers. The A-series chips -- which were targeted toward a wide range of laptops -- will be much like Intel's Core i3, i5 and Celeron and Pentium processors, which are also targeted at low-end to mid-range laptops and Chromebooks. Unified AM4 socket compatibility helps maintain existing chips and has provided an easy path to Zen-based PC chip upgrade, the spokesman said. For example, the AM4 socket supports Zen chips and the recent 7th Generation A-series chips. Expanding the PC chip lineup will help AMD compete with Intel, from the high-end to low end. AMD is already gaining in the PC market. AMD took x86 chip market share from Intel in 2016. AMD had a 13.6 percent market share in 2016, growing from a 12.7 percent share in 2015. Intel's share was 86.3 percent in 2016, dropping from 87.1 percent in 2015, according to Mercury Research. Strong laptop chip shipments in the second half of 2016 and an inventory purge in 2015 helped AMD grow its market share, said Dean McCarron, principal analyst at Mercury Research. The most vulnerable AMD chips are Athlon and Sempron, which sit on the bottom rung of the company's chip lineup.  Some brands like Phenom have died, but Athlon and Sempron have shown amazing staying power thanks to brand loyalty from home PC builders in Asia, McCarron said. Those chips will be hard to discontinue overnight, McCarron said. "Intel dealt with that in Asia on Pentium. Once it is established, they can't go away," McCarron said. Chips like the Athlon X4 and FX-4300 -- which is cheap to manufacture -- will keep serving customers' needs and will stay in production for some time to come, McCarron said. Also, PC makers need low-end products to segment markets and maintain prices. The price of high-end FX chips helps set a minimum price for Ryzen chips. It also helps retain Ryzen as a high-margin product, which is important for AMD in its pursuit of higher profitability. The low-end chips will also help keep AMD's chip volume active and meet supply agreements. AMD has an agreement with GlobalFoundries to manufacture a certain number of chips each year. Low-end chips are also important to manufacturing. They help amortize manufacturing costs and provide a market for chips with minor defects. It's fairly common for chips to get defects during manufacturing, and those are repackaged into low-end parts. That helps reduce inventory and produces revenue from those chips. AMD can't say it is getting rid of older chips because that would damage partnerships with PC makers and OEMs, said Jim McGregor, principal analyst at Tirias Research. "They can't displace the entire product portfolio over night," McGregor said. But at some point, AMD will have to figure out which ones to chuck. It's likely the chips that are more expensive to manufacture will get the boot. Some chips like high-end FX parts could get the boot as Ryzen chips expand into lower-end gaming PCs. A decision to drop expensive chips and retain cheaper ones would be a cost-saving measure to reduce the manufacturing overhead. "You'll see the transition over the next nine to 12 months to move everything over," McGregor said. AMD has also released Zen-based server chips to succeed the current Opteron server chips. The company has seemingly put the development of ARM-based server chips on hold, and few server makers are using Opteron chips now. AMD will continue making embedded chips, which are used in devices with life spans of up to 10 years. Join the TechWorld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AMDARMIntelMercury Research Editor's Recommendations JavaScript spec adds async functions, shared memory UK defense secretary urges NATO to fend off Russian cyberattacks Nvidia's new Quadro GP100 GPU brings NVLink to Windows computers Microsoft will shrink and speed up Windows 10 updates Oracle's infrastructure business focuses on bare metal to go after AWS TLS 1.3 gets early adoption boost through CloudFlare Related Whitepapers Three Ways to Get Started with Hadoop SECURITY, DURABILITY AND USABILITY TARGET HP’S FLAGSHIP CONVERTIBLE AT BUSINESS USERS Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Apple proposes GPU API for 3D graphics on the web Low-power IoT networks go global with a satellite backbone ​Cyber espionage poses very real risk to critical infrastructure CSO Online Sydney Opera House hosts ‘Samsung Dance Discovery’ 5 active mobile threats spoofing enterprise apps Booted up in 1993, this server still runs -- but not for much longer Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld | CIO | CMO | CSO | ARN | CIO Executive Council []
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Help Make A Great 2017: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Intel's Open-Source Driver Stack Now OpenGL 4.5 Certified, Complements Vulkan & GLES Written by Michael Larabel in Intel on 6 February 2017 at 03:01 PM EST. 20 Comments Intel's open-source Mesa DRI driver has passed The Khronos Group's process for certifying it as a conformant OpenGL 4.5 implementation. This now rounds out the Intel open-source Linux stack with OpenGL 4.5, OpenGL ES 3.2, and Vulkan 1.0 certification. Intel's open-source Linux driver stack has managed the trifecta of certification from The Khronos Group for graphics: OpenGL 4.5, OpenGL ES 3.2, and Vulkan 1.0. This cannot be said for any other vendor with a completely open driver stack: AMD hasn't certified their open-source driver offerings, Nouveau hasn't yet reached GL/GLES certification though they are working on it with the X.Org Foundation acting as the entity behind it plus they don't yet have a Vulkan driver, and there isn't yet any other vendor with a fully-open driver stack covering multiple areas. Perhaps we'll see Freedreno and Raspberry Pi VC4 reach it one day. When it comes to proprietary drivers on Linux, NVIDIA has this certification too. This milestone today is about formal OpenGL 4.5 certification from The Khronos Group where as previously they had exposed OpenGL 4.5 support in Mesa but they hadn't been through the formal process until ensuring the OpenGL Conformance Test Suite fully-passes. Unrelated, The Khronos Group recently open-sourced their conformance test suite. Imad Sousou of the Intel Open-Source Technology Center announced this grand accomplishment today on 01.org. Splendid job to all those involved. Hopefully their next area of focus will be on OpenCL certification for Beignet, which recently hit OpenCL 2.0. 20 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Intel News Intel Prepares For Mainline GVT-g Graphics Virtualization Support A Patch Is Being Worked On For Greater Kabylake Linux Performance With P-State Clear Linux's Latest Performance-Optimizing Effort: Greater PHP Performance OpenCL With An Intel Celeron: HD Graphics 610 / Kabylake GT1 It's Looking Like The Intel Gallium3D "ILO" Driver Will Be Laid To Rest Intel DRM Driver Prepping For HDMI 2.0 With Geminilake Popular News Gentoo Developer: Is The Linux Desktop Less Secure Than Windows 10? DiRT Rally Coming To Linux Next Month Microsoft Announces Git Virtual File-System (GVFS) Debian 9.0 Stretch Is Now Frozen NVIDIA 375.27.08 Vulkan Driver Released OpenGL Shader Cache Support For RadeonSI Is Making Progress Latest Linux News Fedora 27 Scheduled To Be Released On Halloween Trying Nouveau NVC0 Gallium3D With Civilization 6 On Mesa 17.1 Intel Prepares For Mainline GVT-g Graphics Virtualization Support Radeon GPU Analyzer Open-Sourced: Analyze OpenGL / Vulkan / OpenCL Mesa RFC Changes To Help Worms WMD, Tropico 5 & Crookz Valve Planning To Carry Mesa GL Thread Feature On SteamOS, Per-Game Features AMDGPU DC/DAL Code Receives Atomic Improvements Munich Said To Be Moving Away From Linux/LiMux, Back To Microsoft Trying Intel Kabylake Graphics With Civilization VI On Ubuntu Linux The Future Of Android-x86 Is In Question Latest Featured Articles Mesa 17.0 Benchmarks With Intel: Noticeably Better Vulkan Performance Server/Workstation Tests: Antergos vs. Clear Linux vs. Fedora vs. Scientific Linux vs. Ubuntu vs. openSUSE RadeonSI Performance For Civilization VI On Linux With Mesa 17.1 + Linux 4.10 14-Way NVIDIA GPU Comparison With Civilization VI On Linux Mesa 13.0 vs. 17.0 Performance For RADV/RadeonSI: Big Gains For Vulkan, OpenGL Boosts Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters ! 54° Share Intel touts $7 billion chip-plant investment By Ana Swanson / The Washington Post Wednesday, February 8th, 2017 at 5:32pm .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........President Donald Trump met with Brian Krzanich, the chief executive of U.S.-based technology company Intel, on Wednesday to announce a $7 billion investment in an advanced computer chip factory in Chandler, Arizona. Speaking from the president’s side in the Oval Office, Krzanich said that the facility, called Fab 42, would employ 3,000 people at its peak and indirectly create 10,000 jobs in the Arizona area in support of the factory. In remarks to the news media, Trump said Intel is a “great, great company” and a “great thing for Arizona.” “Brian called a few weeks ago and said, ‘We want to do a very big announcement having to do with our country, but also having to do mostly with Arizona and the jobs and the great technology that will be produced,’ ” Trump said. Advertisement Continue reading In his remarks, Krzanich echoed the president’s broader economic message of employing Americans and increasing exports rather than imports. “Intel is very proud of the fact that a majority of our manufacturing is here in the U.S. and the majority of our research and development is here in the U.S., while over 80 percent of what we sell is sold outside of the U.S.,” Krzanich said. Krzanich said the company decided to make the announcement in response to Trump’s business-friendly policies on taxes and regulation. But some analysts raised the question of whether Intel would have made the investment sooner or later. “This would have happened anyway. This was always part of their plan,” said Jim McGregor, an analyst at Tirias Research in Phoenix. “But obviously, the current administration and Intel are going to try to get some political gain out of it.” McGregor said the announcement was a positive sign for Intel but not a significant strategy or policy change. He described Intel and other chipmakers as having a rotation cycle in which they periodically update, build and shutter facilities. The Chandler facility was built years ago, but Intel postponed its opening in 2014 amid decreased global demand for its products, the Portland Oregonian reported at the time. For years, the factory has been an empty shell while Intel focused on its other facilities. It is not clear when Intel planned to bring the Chandler facility online, but the company probably would have completed its investment at some point, McGregor said. As Intel invests in Arizona, it’s also likely to retire older facilities in other areas – including perhaps a factory in Rio Rancho, New Mexico, McGregor said. The Chandler facility will be completed in three to four years, a company announcement said. Advertisement Continue reading Krzanich, in his remarks, said that Intel had been working on the factory for several years but had “held off actually doing this investment until now.” In response to a question from the news media, he said Intel decided to make its announcement in support of the Trump administration’s tax and regulatory policies, which “really make it advantageous to do manufacturing in the U.S.” Krzanich also took aim at past government policies, saying Intel had been able to achieve its success despite regulatory and tax policies that “disadvantaged us in the past relative to the competition we have across the world.” “The president and the administration’s commitment to tax reform, smart regulation and deregulation, and a general attitude of ‘make it in America’ has given them the confidence and the will to move forward,” said Reed Cordish, a Trump assistant. Pointing out that the product was high-tech, cutting-edge technology, Cordish added, “It’s a wonderful statement for where we’re heading, bringing manufacturing back to America, creating 21st-century jobs in America and the feeling of optimism and confidence that CEOs all over the country are showing and a validation of the president’s policies and views.” Intel joined more than 100 companies to file a legal brief opposing Trump’s Jan. 27 executive order, which barred entrants to the United States from seven majority-Muslim countries. In a letter to employees Wednesday about the investment, Krzanich briefly mentioned the controversy. “When we disagree, we don’t walk away. We believe that we must be part of the conversation to voice our views on key issues such as immigration, H1B visas and other policies that are essential to innovation.” Since Trump’s election victory, numerous companies have announced plans to create or retain jobs in the United States. Yet some analysts have said that many of those plans were in the works before the election or had come at significant cost to taxpayers. In November, air-conditioning company Carrier announced that it would keep hundreds of factory jobs in the United States that were slated to move to Mexico. While Trump celebrated the announcement as a win, later reporting revealed that Indiana had agreed to give the company up to $7 million in tax credits. In December, when Japanese corporate giant SoftBank said that it would invest $50 billion and create 50,000 jobs, analysts said that those funds probably would have been destined for the United States anyway. Intel’s stock rose after the announcement but pared gains before the market closed. The stock ended the day up 0.08 percent, underperforming overall gains by the tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index. Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: Intel promotes COO to CEO – May 2, 2013 Intel CEO to speed up thrust into mobile chips – May 22, 2013 Intel firmly inside NM for foreseeable future – Jun 2, 2014 Intel to finally complete Chandler plant announced in 2011 – Feb 8, 2017 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy Contest Terms RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Confirmation hearings ObamaCare Donald Trump SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Trump line of home items removed from Kmart, Sears: report Blog Briefing Room — 4h 55m ago Dem rep: Trump has ‘underestimated’ Americans House — 4h 57m ago Oracle reopens legal battle with Google Technology — 5h 19m ago Trump: I won't allow immigration to be ‘turned against us’ Administration — 5h 37m ago Protests erupt in NYC over immigration enforcement raids Blog Briefing Room — 5h 59m ago Sanders: Flynn reports ‘very troubling’ Senate — 6h 15m ago Report: Trump taunts Dems for letting 'Pocahontas' Warren become 'face of your party' Blog Briefing Room — 6h 30m ago WH denies report that it's interviewing for press secretary Administration — 6h 54m ago view all   Overnight Finance: Trump attacks Nordstrom | Judge blocks Anthem-Cigna merger | Trump, Intel tout $7B investment | Labor pick gets hearing date | Feds grant easement for Dakota pipeline By Sylvan Lane - 02/08/17 06:47 PM EST 1   Trump rips Nordstrom for dropping daughter's clothing line: President Trump on Wednesday lashed out at Nordstrom for dropping his daughter Ivanka Trump's clothing line. "My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!" he tweeted. Last week, Nordstrom, the Seattle-based retail giant, told The Seattle Times it would no longer carry Ivanka Trump's line of clothing and accessories. ADVERTISEMENT Ivanka Trump's husband, Jared Kushner, is a senior adviser to President Trump. She does not have an official role within the White House but is among the most influential people in her father's inner circle. Nordstrom said the decision to drop Ivanka Trump's line was based on sales performance. Here's more from The Hill's Jonathan Easley: http://bit.ly/2kUuNR0. Nordstrom's stock gains over 4 percent for the day: Nordstrom's stock went up by more than 4 percent Wednesday after President Trump fired off a tweet criticizing it for discontinuing Ivanka Trump's brands of clothing and other merchandise. Nordstrom's stock dipped -0.5 percent immediately after Trump's morning tweet calling it "terrible" for treating his daughter, Ivanka, "so unfairly." However, the stock fully recovered within four minutes, and closed out the day up 4.1 percent, MarketWatch reported. The Hill's Jennifer Calfas has more here: http://bit.ly/2lpTiCC Obama ethics czar: Trump's Nordstrom tweet an 'abuse' of presidency: Trump's tweet about Nordstrom added another spark to the long debate over the president and his family's business ties. Former President Barack ObamaBarack ObamaAppeals court judge wants vote on whether to reconsider travel ban ruling DNC hopeful Buttigieg wants to capitalize on protest energy Obamas sign with agency for speaking gigs MORE's ethics czar said Thursday that President Trump's criticism of retail outlet Nordstrom for dropping his daughter's apparel brand is "an abuse of the office of the presidency." "It is an example of why Donald TrumpDonald TrumpDem rep: Trump has ‘underestimated’ Americans Trump: I won't allow immigration to be ‘turned against us’ Ex-NH GOP chair calls Trump's voter fraud bluff with ,000 bet MORE and his family needed to step away, needed to make a more definitive break," Norm Eisen, who later served as U.S. ambassador to the Czech Republic under Obama, told MSNBC's Katy Tur in an interview. "And I think it's an abuse of the office of the presidency. He's putting the bully in the bully pulpit." The Hill's Mallory Shelbourne has more on the criticism here: http://bit.ly/2lpM6pZ Intel, Trump tout new $7 billion investment to create 10K jobs: Intel Corp. announced a $7 billion investment Wednesday that the company projects will create 10,000 new jobs. The company will use the $7 billion to complete its Fab 42 factory in Chandler, Ariz., Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said at a meeting at the White House with President Trump. Krzanich said the decision to make the announcement with the White House was borne out of Intel's support for Trump's economic and trade policies. "We support the Administration's policies to level the global playing field and make U.S. manufacturing competitive worldwide through new regulatory standards and investment policies," Krzanich wrote in an email to Intel employees. The Hill's Ali Breland tells us more: http://bit.ly/2kUklsE. Judge blocks Anthem-Cigna merger: A federal judge on Wednesday blocked the proposed $48 billion merger of two of the nation's largest health insurers, Anthem and Cigna. The move is the second recent large health insurance merger to be blocked recently, following a judge stopping the merger of Aetna and Humana last month. The judge on Wednesday blocked the merger citing a reduction in competition that would occur in the market for employer-sponsored health insurance. The blocking of the two mergers is a win for consumer advocates who argued the combinations of the large insurance companies would harmfully reduce competition. When the mergers were announced last year, Republicans argued that pressures from ObamaCare were forcing the consolidation. The Hill's Peter Sullivan has the details on the late-breaking story: http://bit.ly/2lsfBIu Happy Wednesday and welcome to Overnight Finance, where we're waiting for the nice weather to leave so we can start burrowing underground. I'm Sylvan Lane, and here's your nightly guide to everything affecting your bills, bank account and bottom line. Tonight's highlights include the departure of the Fed's top lawyer, Republican worries about infrastructure spending, and a Republican push for a the carbon tax. See something I missed? Let me know at slane@thehill.com or tweet me @SylvanLane. And if you like your newsletter, you can subscribe to it here: http://bit.ly/1NxxW2N. Dems: Don't repeal offshore tax rules: Democrats on the House Ways and Means Committee are urging their colleagues to oppose a resolution that would repeal Obama administration rules aimed at curbing offshore tax deals. "These regulations are intended to combat aggressive corporate tax planning techniques that, rather than serving an economic purpose, are used by some corporations to avoid taxes," the Democratic tax-writers wrote in a letter Wednesday to their colleagues. The letter comes after Rep. Todd Rokita (R-Ind.) introduced a resolution last week to use the Congressional Review Act to disapprove of the rules, which the Treasury Department finalized in October. A vote on Rokita's resolution has not yet been announced, but in recent weeks, the House has approved several resolutions to undo recent Obama-era regulations. The Hill's Naomi Jagoda explains: http://bit.ly/2kUulSM. Trump's Labor secretary pick to get hearing on Feb. 16: President Trump's pick to head the Labor Department will go before the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions on Feb. 16 for his long-awaited confirmation hearing, according to a spokesperson for Chairman Lamar AlexanderLamar AlexanderHow many GOP senators will stand up to megadonor DeVos? Just 2. Overnight Finance: Trump attacks Nordstrom | Judge blocks Anthem-Cigna merger | Trump, Intel tout B investment | Labor pick gets hearing date | Feds grant easement for Dakota pipeline Trump's Labor secretary pick to get hearing on Feb. 16 MORE (R-Tenn.). The new date marks the fourth time that CKE Restaurants CEO Andrew Puzder's hearing has been rescheduled. It was most recently set for Tuesday but delayed last week to give Puzder time to separate himself from CKE, which owns the Carl's Jr. and Hardee's fast food chains. Puzder's nomination has stirred criticism because of his views on issues such as sick leave and overtime pay for workers: http://bit.ly/2kUjuZ1. Group questions whether CFPB chief broke records laws: A watchdog group says the chief of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) might have violated federal records laws by not preserving work-related text messages. The Cause of Action Institute told CFPB Director Richard Cordray he may have violated federal records laws in a letter sent Wednesday. They say work-related text messages sent by Cordray from a personal cell phone, as first reported by The Daily Caller, may not have been archived according to federal regulations. The Daily Caller reported in January that Cordray had sent several text messages to CFPB employees related to CFPB work from a personal cell phone. Under federal law, government employees can conduct work on private devices as long as they preserve records of that work with their employer: http://bit.ly/2kUzf21. Rural Republicans question using private cash to fix infrastructure: Rural Republicans are expressing serious doubt that private financing -- the funding tool favored by conservatives and the White House -- could fix the infrastructure needs in their communities. The Senate Environment and Public Works Committee convened a hearing on Wednesday to get input from transportation leaders from rural regions as lawmakers and the new administration assemble an infrastructure package.  "Funding solutions that involve public-private partnerships, as have been discussed by administration officials, may be innovative solutions for crumbling inner cities, but do not work for rural areas," Chairman John BarrassoJohn BarrassoOvernight Finance: Trump attacks Nordstrom | Judge blocks Anthem-Cigna merger | Trump, Intel tout B investment | Labor pick gets hearing date | Feds grant easement for Dakota pipeline Rural Republicans question using private cash to fix infrastructure Dems seek new targets post-DeVos MORE (R-Wyo.) said. "Public-private partnerships and other approaches to infrastructure investment that depend on a positive revenue stream from a project are not a surface transportation infrastructure solution for rural states." The Hill Melanie Zanona reports: http://bit.ly/2kUkKLO. Deregulation supporter named head of FTC consumer protection bureau: The acting chairman of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) on Wednesday selected a lawyer and prominent advocate of deregulation to lead the agency's Bureau of Consumer Protection. Maureen Ohlhausen named Thomas Pahl to be acting director of the FTC's Bureau of Consumer Protection. Pahl served on the Senate Judiciary Committee under Sen. Orrin HatchOrrin HatchWarren: Trump's Treasury pick the 'ultimate Wall Street insider' Trump outburst puts Gorsuch in a corner Trump's Treasury pick clears procedural Senate vote MORE's (R-Utah) chairmanship and was managing counsel to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) under former President Obama.  Pahl, a partner at Arnall Golden Gregory LLP in Washington, has also worked in various roles in the FTC since 1990: http://bit.ly/2kUufdU. Feds grant final easement for Dakota Access pipeline: Federal officials have granted the easement necessary for construction of the controversial Dakota Access pipeline in North Dakota. The Army Corps of Engineers announced Wednesday night it had given Dakota Access developers the easement they need to lay an oil pipeline under Lake Oahe on the Missouri River south of Bismarck. The 1.25-mile span is the most contentious segment of the 1,170-mile pipeline route, because a local tribe says the pipeline threatens its drinking water supplies there. Pipeline supporters have hailed the decision to build the stretch of the project, with a company lawyer saying this week work on the pipeline could be complete in two months and oil could begin moving through the $3.8 million pipeline within 80 days. But the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe has vowed to fight the project, as it has since last summer. The tribe could go to court to challenge the easement again, arguing the Trump administration improperly dismissed an environmental review of the project that Obama officials kicked off in December. The Hill's Devin Henry has more here: http://bit.ly/2lpVc6f Ex-officials try to pitch carbon tax to GOP: A team of Republican former high-ranking government officials is pitching the GOP on a carbon tax. The group, which includes people such as former Secretary of State James Baker, former Treasury Secretary Hank Paulsen and former Secretary of State George Schultz, rolled out their plan Wednesday and are meeting with Trump White House officials on the proposal. They're pitching the idea as a "repeal and replace" plan, like what the GOP is attempting to do with ObamaCare. The group of establishment Republicans, which calls itself the Climate Leadership Council, is urging President Trump and Congress to institute a carbon tax and simultaneously remove nearly all of former President Barack Obama's climate change regulations, such as the Clean Power Plan. The Hill's Timothy Cama explains: http://bit.ly/2kUlrVq. Republicans working with CBO on ObamaCare bill: House Republicans have been working with the Congressional Budget Office on parts of an ObamaCare replacement that they could include in a repeal bill this spring, lobbyists and aides tell The Hill. They have been working with the CBO, Congress's nonpartisan budget scorekeeper, on the details of tax credits, high-risk pool funding, and changes to Medicaid that could be included in a repeal bill that Republicans hope to pass by the end of March. The bill will use the fast-track process known as reconciliation to avoid a filibuster by Senate Democrats. The Hill's Jessie Hellmann has the details: http://bit.ly/2kQ45tj Fed's top attorney Alvarez to retire: The Federal Reserve's top attorney and key figure to the central bank's bailout and Wall Street reform efforts will retire at the end of the year. The Fed announced Wednesday that Scott Alvarez, the central bank's general counsel, would be stepping down later this year after 36 years at the institution. "Scott advised successive Chairs, including myself, with deep expertise and utmost integrity," said Chair Janet L. Yellen in a statement. "I am enormously grateful for his wise counsel, calmness and good humor during times of stress, and, above all, his intense dedication to the public interest served by the Federal Reserve." Alvarez served as the head of the Fed's Legal Division for 12 years, meaning he served as the top legal expert for both Yellen and her predecessor, Ben Bernanke. During that time, Alvarez helped the Fed navigate the financial crisis and resulting bailouts, as well as the implementation of the Dodd-Frank financial reform law: http://bit.ly/2kUhMHa.   Write us with tips, suggestions and news: slane@thehill.com, vneedham@thehill.com, pschroeder@thehill.com, and njagoda@thehill.com. Follow us on Twitter: @SylvanLane,  @VickofTheHill, @PeteSchroeder, and @NJagoda    Tags Lamar Alexander, John Barrasso, Barack Obama, Donald Trump, Orrin Hatch   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 FEC commissioner to Trump: Show... "Allegations of this magnitude cannot be ignored," Ellen Weintraub said. 282 Shares 2 Protesters block DeVos from... Education Secretary Betsy DeVos was greeted with protesters when she tried... 254 Shares 3 Trump officials scramble after... The administration is weighing its legal options, including rewriting the... 144 Shares 4 Trump rips court for ‘disgraceful... President Trump on Friday morning ripped into an appeals court’s decision... 136 Shares 5 WH denies report that it's... Carl Higbie said he has spoken with the White House "regarding... 132 Shares 6 Confusion as Priebus says maybe... Will the White House appeal a court ruling against President Trump's... 125 Shares 7 Trump nixed candidate for State... President Trump has rejected a top candidate for deputy secretary of State... 98 Shares 8 Poll: Majority of travel ban... Roughly half of Americans who support President Trump’s controversial... 94 Shares 9 Spicer: White House ‘disgusted by... Spicer was responding about CNN's latest reporting about President Trump... 80 Shares 10 Trump line of home items removed... Sears and Kmart are no longer selling products from the Trump Home line on... 79 Shares 11 Report: Trump taunts Dems for... President Trump reportedly mocked Democrats in a meeting with senators... 77 Shares 12 Trump administration seen as more... The Trump administration is more trusted than the news media among voters... 76 Shares 13 GOP frets over too-high... President Trump and GOP leaders on Capitol Hill have promised voters that... 72 Shares 14 Trump hints at new travel order... President Trump said Friday he will take action as soon as next week to... 69 Shares 15 Dem senator calls out Trump for... Sen. Martin Heinrich (D-N.M.) called out President Trump on Twitter Friday... 66 Shares 16 FCC should retain net neutrality... OPINION | Net neutrality helps consumers over telecom companies. 57 Shares 17 McCaskill calls for FBI briefing... Democratic senator wants briefing "as soon as possible" on potential FBI... 55 Shares 18 Dem rep: Trump has ‘underestimated... "We will resist on behalf of what is American," Rep. Joe Crowley (D-N.Y.)... 49 Shares 19 Top oversight lawmakers ask ethics... The two top lawmakers on the House Oversight Committee on Thursday called... 45 Shares 20 Is Gorsuch a secret liberal? Trump... OPINION | From his court opinions to historical precedent, Gorsuch might... 45 Shares 21 Russia considering giving Snowden... Russia believes returning Snowden to the U.S. is a way to "curry favor"... 44 Shares 22 Rupert Murdoch-owned outlets get... President Trump only chose media outlets owned by conservative mogul... 43 Shares 23 GOP bill would gut EPA Rep. Sam Johnson (R-Texas)  introduced the Wasteful EPA Programs... 43 Shares 24 Trump: Immigration can’t be ‘... "We must take firm steps today to ensure we are safe tomorrow," he said. 43 Shares 25 Trump White House besieged by leaks Donald Trump’s White House has sprung a remarkable number of leaks since... 43 Shares 26 Protesters swarm Chaffetz town hall Demonstrators repeatedly booed Chaffetz when he mentioned President Trump. 43 Shares 27 Protests erupt in NYC over... Hundreds gathered in New York City Friday night to protest raids by... 41 Shares 28 Baldwin, Fallon break out dueling... Jimmy Fallon and Alec Baldwin are going head-to-head — or Trump-to-Trump... 41 Shares 29 After appeals court ruling, Trump... OPINION | The ruling backed Trump's immigration ban into a corner. 40 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent Iowa doesn’t need two classes of public sector unions More casino proposals for Cedar Rapids emerge Kennedy continues turnaround, brushes past Prairie, 69-63 A closer look at Iowa basketball’s game notes reveals helpful reminder of Minnesota controversy Cedar Rapids man charged for vehicle collision that left two dead in rural Linn County Prep basketball roundup: Austin Ash's 29 points carry Mount Vernon past Marion Iowa wrestling blasts Indiana, 32-7 Kennedy continues turnaround, brushes past Prairie, 69-63 Xavier leads throughout, tops Linn-Mar, 64-48 Xavier makes it 8 in a row Intel uses White House Oval Office to make splash on $7 billion reinvestment in Arizona factory Video Photo Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO, speaks during the Intel press conference at CES in Las Vegas, January 4, 2017. REUTERS/Rick Wilking By By Roberta Rampton, Reuters Feb 8, 2017 at 5:19 pm | Print View WASHINGTON — Intel Corp chose the White House Oval Office as its backdrop to announce a $7 billion investment in a previously shelved Arizona factory, which it said would create 3,000 jobs when it is up and running. Intel Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich told reporters about the investment while standing behind President Donald Trump. Trump told reporters Krzanich called him a few weeks ago to say he wanted to meet to make a big announcement. Krzanich said he made the announcement at the White House as a sign of support for the “tax and regulatory policies that we see the administration pushing forward.” Trump, a Republican who took office on Jan. 20, promised during his campaign to push companies to keep or create jobs in the United States rather than sending them abroad. Intel was one of more than 100 companies that joined together to file a legal brief opposing Trump’s temporary travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority nations. The issue did not come up during the Oval Office meeting, said Reed Cordish, a White House official in charge of technology initiatives. The company said in a statement that the plant would be completed in three or four years. The chip factory was started in 2011 as a $5 billion project that was targeted to open in late 2013. Intel shelved its plans in 2014 when smartphones and tablets cut into demand for chips for personal computers. Krzanich said in an email to Intel employees that was posted on the company’s website that the factory would build chips for data centers and smart devices. Intel announced less than a year ago that it would cut up to 12,000 jobs globally, or 11 percent of its workforce, as it refocused its business towards microchips that power data centers and Internet connected devices and away from the declining personal computer industry it helped found. (Reporting by Roberta Rampton; Writing by David Alexander Editing by Frances Kerry, Toni Reinhold) Your next Nation & World articles Ford investing $1 billion in start-up New York man accused of bomb plot admits ... NFL indicates Texas 'bathroom bill' may ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Victor Anderson, dancer and educator, dies Daly City man caught on camera fleeing homicide scene arrested White House considers rewriting Trump’s travel ban Road crew employee killed on Highway 17 was working with son News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA More whales strand in New Zealand, bringing total to 650 Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass She was killed after trusting Pennsylvania's system Auto body program offers hope for return to old jobs Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Warriors’ Andre Iguodala a driving force on star-studded team Raiders give Jack Del Rio 4-year contract Draymond Green makes NBA history as Warriors rout Memphis No. 20 St. Mary’s withstands scare from Portland Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Tesla readies Fremont factory for Model 3 production Cosmetology schools sue Betsy DeVos over Obama-era rules Tesla employee’s protest is a clash between Silicon Valley, Twitter’s reach doesn’t translate to revenue A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Battle of Bands, and IPAs, at SF Beer Week The latest from Dear Abby Everything is still cool with ‘The Lego Batman Movie’ Balboa Theatre revives nostalgic Saturday matinees Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Equator Coffee headed to Fort Mason San Francisco restaurants where you can still get a Valentine's Iza Ramen’s new SoMa outpost opens Friday Chef Teague Moriarty takes over as sole owner of Sons & Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Interim chief gets permanent post with California Coastal Damage to Oroville Dam spillway worsens — could cost $100 Tiburon bayfront home a homage to Japanese architecture Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: Hotel Sutter, Sutter Creek Drinking in history at Amador County taverns Insider: Berkeley transplant puts down roots in Sutter Creek Ethical destinations: How to have a good trip Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Normandy style splendor in Pacific Heights: $8.25M Cupertino Spanish Mediterranean warms and welcomes Unique 10,000-square-foot Hillsborough Georgian built in 1896 A deal? 40 acres (and a house) for $1.295 million in Carmel Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car U.S. News names the 'Best Cars for the Money' in 2017 Porsche’s entry level SUV ideally done Almost 67,000 polluting VW and Audi diesels returned so far A high-performance luxury Bentley SUV Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Avoid an interview disaster Is your birth order influencing your career? Are you prepared for a panel interview? 5 ways to handle an unexpected career change Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Business-News-Roundup-Feb-9-10918784.php Business News Roundup, Feb. 9 Chronicle News Services Published 3:57 pm, Wednesday, February 8, 2017 Intel will push to open factory Intel CEO Brian Krzanich and President Trump announced Wednesday that the company will invest $7 billion to complete an existing factory space in Arizona that has been idle for the past few years. The plant in Chandler, where Arizona has long had manufacturing operations, will make computer chips. Intel said the opening of the factory will lead to 3,000 “high-tech, high-wage jobs” and will create more than 10,000 long-term jobs in Arizona. Intel, which has its headquarters in Santa Clara, announced 12,000 layoffs across the company last year. The construction of the plant, Fab 42, was nearly finished several years ago, but was put on hold because of changing market conditions. The work to finish the plant, expected to take two to three years, is convenient timing for a company looking to forge connections with a new administration that is largely focused on keeping jobs in the U.S. Intel was one of about 100 companies that filed a legal brief this weekend opposing Trump’s ban on immigrants from seven Muslim-majority countries. According to a White House Pool report, when asked by Reuters why Intel is making this announcement at the White House, Krzanich said: “It's really in support of the tax and regulatory policies that we see the administration pushing forward.” Chipmakers like Intel stand to benefit from tax credits on purchases of manufacturing equipment, for example. Workplace Facebook adds family benefits Companies have been offering ever-longer paid parental leaves to lure or retain younger workers: Six weeks for new moms at Starbucks. Six months for both new moms and dads at Etsy. Up to a year at Netflix. But expansive benefits for new parents have overshadowed the many caregiving responsibilities of other workers: Parents with sick grade-school children. Single employees who need to help with a parent’s critical illness. Anyone — male or female, young or old — grieving after the death of a close family member. A new policy at Facebook looks to change that. On Tuesday, Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg announced that employees at the Menlo Park company will receive up to 20 days of bereavement leave in the event of a family member’s death, six weeks of paid leave to care for an ill relative and three days of paid family sick time to help out with a short-term illness. “This is personal for me,” said Sandberg, whose husband died two years ago, at a women’s leadership conference where she and Facebook human resources executive Lori Goler announced the news. It’s also practical for achieving the kind of goals that Sandberg’s “Lean In” book and project are trying to advance for women’s empowerment. For one, women continue to disproportionately bear the responsibilities of caring for sick children or parents, even when they work full time. A leave policy that gives employees paid time off for those needs helps women remain in the workforce and continue to advance in their jobs. Beverages Cuervo sets IPO price Snapchat’s parent might be the most prominent company to seek an initial public offering this year. But until it begins trading, that honor will briefly belong to Jose Cuervo. The world’s biggest Tequila maker will sell shares at between 30 and 34 pesos in its offering Wednesday, seeking up to $742 million. Chronicle News Services Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. MASSIVE STORM DAMAGE Road crew employee killed on Hwy. 17 was working with son Damage to Oroville Dam spillway grows, could cost $100 million Mudslide closes I-80 near Truckee in both directions Falling debris shuts down Hwy. 17 again 3 rescued from flood waters near Truckee River Russian River is above flood stage and still rising LATEST NEWS Report: Russia could send Snowden to US as 'gift' to Trump Report: US officials confirm elements of Russia dossier on Trump Man caught on camera fleeing homicide scene arrested Draymond Green makes franchise history in Warriors rout Ex-Calif. inmate finally has sex-reassignment surgery Up to 7 vehicles involved in collision on 101 in SF Sketch released in Union City Girl Scout cookie stand robbery Office of Obama offers internships Poll: 51% of Trump voters say Bowling Green justifies travel ban White House considers rewriting Trump’s travel ban Trump travel ban kills surgeon's lifesaving trip to Iran Feds conduct sweeping immigration raids in at least 6 states Betsy DeVos asked question on Twitter. Here's what happened. Cosmetology schools sue DeVos over Obama-era rules Whole Foods closing 9 stores, 1 in Northern California Payless could close 1,000 stores Can someone gentrify the neighborhood where they grew up? Retail center promises change for neighborhood TODAY'S TOP PICKS 100-year-old woman evicted from SF home Christine Baranski offers to play Betsy DeVos on 'SNL' Despised man gets a scathing obituary SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Save $185 to outfit your bed with this luxurious 20-piece... 62% OFF: This sleek French press coffee maker will make the... Most Popular 1 Is California overdue for biblical, catastrophic flooding?... 2 Public Policy Polling: 51 percent of Trump voters say Bowling... 3 Whole Foods closing 9 stores; 1 in Northern California 4 Betsy DeVos asked a question on Twitter. Here's what happened. 5 100-year-old woman evicted from SF home 6 Draymond Green makes NBA history as Warriors rout Memphis 7 Road crew employee killed on Highway 17 was working with son 8 Damage to Oroville Dam spillway worsens — could cost $100... 9 Gaping hole in Oroville Dam spillway is growing, officials warn 10 Mudslide closes I-80 near Truckee in both directions THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Judge sides with Microsoft in court battle against gag orders Facebook bolsters original video ambitions with MTV hire LG wins $168 million lawsuit against knockoff headphone makers Latest in Gear Android's instant tethering is now officially available 4h ago View Photo of Magic Leap AR prototype leaks out, backpack and all 6h ago View California bill doesn't want Netflix to be taxed like a utility 9h ago View SDPD finds that body cameras reduce misconduct and force complaints 10h ago View Image credit: Intel Corporation save Save share Intel finally plans to finish its Fab 42 factory in Arizona The company made the announcement today alongside President Trump for some reason. Jessica Conditt, @JessConditt 02.08.17 in Business Comments 1447 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Intel Corporation Intel plans to complete Fab 42, a semiconductor factory in Chandler, Arizona, with an investment of more than $7 billion over the next three to four years. At its peak, the factory will employ about 3,000 process engineers, equipment technicians, and facilities-support engineers and technicians. Fab 42 will produce 7 nanometer chips and is "expected to be the most advanced semiconductor factory in the world" -- whatever that means. The announcement was made alongside President Donald Trump at the White House. Cameras even captured Intel CEO Brian Krzanich offering the President a gift and explaining how regulatory US tax policies have "disadvantaged" his business in the past. But, as New York Times technology reporter Farhad Manjoo and others on Twitter were quick to point out, Intel's investment in Fab 42 wasn't the result of new federal subsidies or credits. In fact, the factory, which was originally announced back in 2011 and largely completed by 2014 was put on hold not because of regulatory burden, but because of declining PC sales. In the interim Intel shifted manufacturing focus to existing facilities and waited for the market to recover. Now it appears Intel is ready to move forward with it's original plans of hiring roughly 3,000 new workers. But by using the oval office as a backdrop, it's clearly hoping to curry favor with the new president. Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS! #AmericaFirst🇺🇸 pic.twitter.com/76lAiSSQ1l— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017 Intel isn't alone in using the president as a way to generate media interest in an existing business deal. In December, Trump gave Sprint a signal boost when he congratulated the company on its decision to bring 5,000 jobs to the United States. Despite Trump's attempts to take credit for the deal, it was in fact put together months before he was elected. Intel also isn't the only tech company making moves in Arizona -- most recently, Uber moved its fleet of custom, self-driving Volvo XC90 SUVs to the state after a tiff with the California Department of Motor Vehicles. Update: This post has been updated to reflect additional context surrounding the completion of the Fab 42 facility. Source: Intel In this article: arizona, business, chips, DonaldTrump, factory, gear, intel, jobs, personal computing, personalcomputing, semiconductor, trump 1447 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 4h 4h ago in Mobile Android's instant tethering is now officially available But still only for Pixel and Nexus devices running Nougat. By M. Moon,  4h ago save Save share View 5h 5h ago in Art HBO's 'Silicon Valley' returns April 23rd An anticipated 'Game of Thrones' delay won't stop Pied Piper. By R. Lawler,  5h ago save Save share View 6h 6h ago in Gadgetry Photo of Magic Leap AR prototype leaks out, backpack and all Obtained by Business Insider, it claims to show the company's "Product Equivalent" (PEQ) build. By R. Lawler,  6h ago save Save share View 8h 8h ago in Politics NBC: Russia 'considers' sending Snowden back to US Snowden: 'Irrefutable' proof I didn't cooperate with Russian intelligence. By R. Lawler,  8h ago save Save share View 14h 14h ago The Public Access Weekly: Ch-ch-ch-changes What's up with what's going down at Public Access By Amber Bouman,  14h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file

Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Technology Intel Heeds President Trump's Call For U.S. Manufacturing Investment Top chipmaker Intel on Wednesday announced plans to invest more than $7 billion to complete a new high-volume semiconductor factory in Chandler, Ariz. (Intel) PATRICK SEITZ 2/08/2017 Reprints Top chipmaker Intel (INTC) on Wednesday announced plans to invest more than $7 billion to complete a new high-volume semiconductor factory in Chandler, Ariz. The announcement was made at the White House by U.S. President Donald Trump and Intel CEO Brian Krzanich. The new factory, called Fab 42, will produce next-generation 7-nanometer chips to be used in devices ranging from smartphones to data centers. Intel said Fab 42 will be "the most advanced semiconductor factory in the world." The completion of Fab 42 in three to four years is expected to create 3,000 high-tech, high-wage Intel jobs for process engineers, equipment technicians, and facilities-support engineers and technicians who will work at the site. Factoring in the indirect impact on businesses that will help support the factory's operations, Fab 42 could create over 10,000 jobs in Arizona, Intel said in a news release. IBD'S TAKE: Intel stock has an IBD Composite Rating of 81, meaning it has outperformed 81% of stocks in key metrics over the past 12 months. But it ranks No. 19 out of 39 stocks in IBD's Electronics-Semiconductor Manufacturing industry group. To see which companies lead the group, visit the IBD Stock Checkup. Intel stock was up a fraction, closing at 36.38, on the stock market today. Intel broke out of a cup-with-handle base with a 37.44 buy point on Jan. 24. The stock climbed as high as 38.45 on Jan. 27, but then reversed. It now trades at its 50-day moving average. "Intel's business continues to grow and investment in manufacturing capacity and R&D ensures that the pace of Moore's law continues to march on, fueling technology innovations the world loves and depends on," Krzanich said in a statement. "This factory will help the U.S. maintain its position as the global leader in the semiconductor industry." The majority of Intel's manufacturing and R&D is in the U.S. As a result, Intel employs more than 50,000 people in the U.S., while directly supporting almost half a million other U.S. jobs across a range of industries, the company said. RELATED: Intel Stock Hits 16-Year High On Q4 Beat And Raise Trump's Bully Pulpit Isn't Stopping U.S. Firms From Shifting Jobs, Plants To Mexico U.S. Manufacturing Gears Up As 'America First' Trump Takes Office After Trump Victory, Interest Soars In U.S. Industrial ETF PATRICK SEITZ | Facebook | @IBD_PSeitz Share this: Related news Chipmaker Intel saw its stock slide on Friday, a day after it briefed analysts on its long-term outlook. (Intel) Intel Down After Analyst Day; Monolithic Power Rises On Q4 Report 2/10/2017 Chipmaker Intel saw its stock slide on Friday, a day after it briefed analysts on its long-term outlook. 2/10/2017 Chipmaker Intel saw its stock slide on Friday, a day... Stocks Open At Record Highs: Freeport, Sears Surge; Nvidia Reverses Will Tesla Get Run Over By China, GM, Ford, BMW In Electric Vehicles? 10,000+ Mutual Funds Own Shares In 6 Stocks That Ran Ads During The Super Bowl Nintendo, Google, Wix Fight For Attention At Super Bowl LI Investors Turned 'Very Bullish' On Tech ETFs In January Amid Earnings Stocks Up Broadly; Will Apple Emerge As The Top Stock In The Dow This Year? Tesla, Mobileye, AutoNation Near Buy Points, Jobs Report Due: Investing Action Plan Dow Loses 20,000 As VIX Fear Gauge Spikes From Excessive Lows Today's Spotlight MarketSmith Webinar Master your emotions when it comes to investing. Join us for a discussion on psychological traps. Get Leaderboard Find winning stocks faster with Leaderboard. Get our proprietary stock analysis today. New York Traders Expo Join IBD for free investing workshops and get product training at our booth (2/26 – 2/28). More News Facebook's 60% annual pretax profit margins have CEO Mark Zuckerberg smiling. (EPA/Newscom) 6 Top-Rated Stocks With 50%-Plus Annual Profit Margins The first Amazon Go is located near the firm's Seattle HQ and, for now, is open only to Amazon employees, for testing. (Paul Gordon/Zuma Press/Newscom) Amazon, Having Conquered E-Tail, Tackles Physical Retail Get the #1 trading app in the App Store from TD Ameritrade Promoted Content By TD Ameritrade Special Report Best Online Brokers Find the broker that's right for you with IBD's annual list of the Best Online Brokers. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
null
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Business US & World Tech Intel is giving Trump credit for a factory he had nothing to do with New, 34 comments This is what’s known as a ‘photo op’ by Jacob Kastrenakes Feb 8, 2017, 6:24pm EST share tweet Linkedin Photo by Chris Kleponis-Pool/Getty Images This afternoon, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich stood beside President Donald Trump in the Oval Office and announced that his company would spend $7 billion to build a semiconductor factory in Arizona. The factory, called Fab 42, is expected to support more than 10,000 long-term jobs, with Intel employing 3,000 people directly. It’s the kind of investment that Trump promised he would bring to America all along the campaign trail. And the president immortalized the moment with a tweet. The only problem is, Intel’s investment seemingly has little to nothing to do with Trump. Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS! #AmericaFirst pic.twitter.com/76lAiSSQ1l— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017 The Intel factory actually began in 2011; then-CEO Paul Otellini even gave President Obama a tour. Work on Fab 42 stopped in 2014, possibly because of slowing PC sales and Intel’s failure to make progress in mobile. (Intel said it didn’t need the additional manufacturing capacity.) Last year Krzanich announced a workforce reduction of 12,000 jobs citing a slowdown in PC demand. Intel now wants to complete this factory because it needs to manufacture its next generation of processors, which require new equipment to make. The company needs these chips in order to stay competitive with ascendant technologies like those from ARM, which dominates mobile. The fact that the $7 billion investment was announced today, when Trump is president, seems to be purely coincidental. Intel told CNBC that it’s receiving no federal incentives for the project, so it really seems like the Trump administration had no role in making this factory happen. That’s relevant for two reasons: for one, it’s yet another example of Trump getting credit for creating jobs when he in fact played no role; and two, it means that Intel is being pretty opportunistic. Intel is being pretty opportunistic By announcing this investment at the White House, Intel gets much more press than it otherwise would have — a “majority” of Intel’s manufacturing is already based in the US. It also manages to get on Trump’s good side. Intel may not be getting anything out of Trump right now, but it’s certainly hoping for regulatory changes in its favor. “From a tax and regulatory position we have been disadvantaged relative to the rest of the world where we compete,” Krzanich wrote in an email to Intel employees this morning. “That’s why we support the administration’s policies to level the global playing field and make US manufacturing competitive worldwide through new regulatory standards and investment policies.” So basically, Krzanich is hoping for tax cuts, looser regulations, and something like federal subsidies or a friendlier (cheaper) way to raise and spend cash. Asked for comment, an Intel spokesperson reiterated that the company’s manufacturing has always been primarily based in the US. “However, we certainly support policies that enable and sustain American innovation, and we are pleased to have this investment in our US advanced manufacturing capabilities recognized by the administration,” said William Moss, a spokesperson for Intel. Intel’s requests are all pretty typical for a major corporation. But the company is now very clearly in a situation where it’s trying to both get the best of Trump and Republican policies without putting off workers in the tech industry at large, who generally seem to be opposed to the president’s actions. Photo: Intel Krzanich deals with this explicitly in his email to Intel employees, framing it as an issue of engagement. “When we disagree, we don’t walk away,” he writes. “We believe that we must be part of the conversation to voice our views on key issues such as immigration, H1B visas, and other policies that are essential to innovation.” But Krzanich has sent mixed signals on Trump. Earlier this week, Intel signed onto a brief opposing Trump’s immigration plan — it hasn’t, however, been particularly outspoken in condemning it. as a company co-founded by an immigrant, we support lawful immigration. We will provide impacted employees with Intel's full support— Brian Krzanich (@bkrunner) January 29, 2017 While Krzanich said he wouldn’t throw support behind either presidential candidate last year, he planned a fundraiser for Trump shortly after the nomination was locked in. When attention was drawn to the event, Krzanich canceled it, saying he intended it to be “a conversation,” not a fundraiser. Intel isn’t the only company in this position. Trump has gotten a bunch of tech CEOs into a room together to talk policy, and he has a regular meeting set up with industry leaders like Elon Musk. In many cases, these leaders find themselves in opposition to Trump’s policies but are trying to use his interest to find common ground. Tacitly giving Trump credit for a $7 billion investment on a new factory may be a good political move for Intel, but it also shows the limits of its opposition. Given the chance, it’ll take the photo op. Update February 8th, 7:40PM ET: This story has been updated with comment from Intel. More From The Verge The Hawai’ian volcano that created a spectacular firehose of lava just collapsed Apple, Facebook, Google, and 94 others file opposition to Trump's immigration ban Google’s Super Bowl ad accidentally set off a lot of Google Homes Lady Gaga opened her Super Bowl performance with a protest anthem Trump is turning Elon Musk into a crony capitalist Why the sounds of eating make some people so angry Now Trending Congressman is righteously booed after dodging a young girl’s simple question about science Android’s convenient Instant Tethering is now rolling out to Pixel and Nexus devices First photo of Magic Leap prototype leaks This $500 plug-and-play robot arm is designed to be a desktop friend for DIY engineers Russia reportedly considering sending Snowden back to US as a ‘gift’ to Trump This Article has a component height of 28. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Circuit Breaker Tech Augmented Reality First photo of Magic Leap prototype leaks by Nick Statt@nickstatt Magic Leap, a secretive augmented reality startup, is not so secretive these days. An image of a prototype device was just leaked to Business Insider, which says the source referred to the device as "PEQ0,” a stand-in derived from an internal... New, 20 comments Microsoft Tech Amazon See how old Amazon’s AI thinks you are by Nick Statt@nickstatt Amazon’s latest artificial intelligence tool is a piece of image recognition software that can learn to guess a human’s age. The feature is powered by Amazon’s Rekognition platform, which is a developer toolkit that exists as part of the company’s... New, 4 comments Policy & Law US & World Tech Russia reportedly considering sending Snowden back to US as a ‘gift’ to Trump by Nick Statt@nickstatt Russian officials have discussed the possibility of extraditing whistleblower Edward Snowden to the US as a way to improve political relations with President Trump, according to NBC News. The report cites an unnamed US official who has analyzed... New, 25 comments Movie Review Entertainment Film John Wick: Chapter 2 recaptures the original’s style, but with fewer surprises by Tasha Robinson Here’s the important thing about John Wick: Chapter 2: it’s a grim, brutal, airless action film full of doggy reaction shots. The original 2014 John Wick was a surprise hit about an unstoppable assassin who’s dragged out of retirement for a few... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Gadgets Tech The LG Watch Sport and Watch Style are now available to order by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Google officially launched Android Wear 2.0 this week with the LG Watch Sport and Watch Style. They’re both now available to order through the Google Store, although the titanium version of the Sport already appears to have sold out. Best Buy is... New, 1 comment Apple Tech Virtual Reality Tim Cook says augmented reality is ‘a big idea like the smartphone’ by Nick Statt@nickstatt It’s no secret that Apple’s culture of secrecy forbids even the most powerful at the company from spilling details about upcoming products. But, as CEO Tim Cook has illustrated frequently in the past, there are ways to drop hints and talk around... New, 10 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Here's how Intel's CEO explained his White House appearance to employees Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Wednesday, 8 Feb 2017 | 6:09 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Intel CEO meets with President Trump in Oval Office    Wednesday, 8 Feb 2017 | 1:05 PM ET | 04:21 Intel announced a new investment in an Arizona factory on Wednesday — and it did so at the Oval Office, not its Santa Clara, Calif. headquarters. The reason? To show support of the administration's "policies to level the global playing field," especially when it comes to taxes, CEO Brian Krzanich told employees in a company email. "From a tax and regulatory position we have been disadvantaged relative to the rest of the world where we compete," the email said. "That's why we support the [a]dministration's policies to level the global playing field and make U.S. manufacturing competitive worldwide through new regulatory standards and investment policies." The factory is not new — it has been in the works for several years, Krzanich said, and was even used by the Obama administration "as a symbol of the future of U.S. manufacturing," before falling vacant, The Arizona Republic reported. Here's what President Barack Obama said at Intel's construction site for the factory in 2012: "We have a huge opportunity to create more high-tech manufacturing jobs in the United States, and bring some of these jobs back from overseas. But we're going to have to seize the moment. That starts with changing our tax system." But the new $7 billion investment to finish the factory reflects support of new policies, Krzanich told reporters on Wednesday. It also reflects the pressure to make smaller, faster chips despite scientific challenges, a principle that "marches on" for the company's business, he said. "We've held off doing this investment until now," Krzanich told reporters at the announcement. "It's really in support of the tax and regulatory policies that we see the administration pushing forward. That will really make it advantageous to do it in the U.S." There will be no incentives from the federal government for the Intel project, the White House said. "Brian called a few weeks ago and said, 'We want to do a big announcement,'" President Donald Trump said at the Wednesday announcement. show chapters Intel CEO announces new investment in the US    Wednesday, 8 Feb 2017 | 1:10 PM ET | 00:48 The factory will eventually employ about 3,000 and support about 10,000 jobs, Intel said. But when asked if Intel would bring back jobs from overseas, Krzanich replied, "This is about expansion — new jobs in the U.S." Intel has drawn fire from both political sides for some of its actions. It has been criticized in conservative publications such as Breitbart for laying off thousands of staffers, while simultaneously supporting legislation that would increase the number of foreign worker visas granted each year. Krzanich was also reportedly planning a fundraiser for Trump during the campaign season —which he later canceled. Neil Campling, senior vice-president and head of global TMT research at Northern Trust Securities, said there will be "massive" technical challenges for Intel to make the chip plant a reality. "Now this announcement tonight is probably because of the semiconductor demand we have alluded to in great detail in recent weeks, more than it is about [Trump]," Campling wrote in a note. "In this industry, talk is cheap until the production ramps. It is safer/more logical to focus on the companies who follow through with clear strategic plans." Still, Intel's email to employees said, "When we disagree, we don't walk away." Here's the full email: Today I was proud to represent Intel at the White House, where we announced that Intel is investing $7b illion to complete a manufacturing facility that will produce the most advanced computer chips in the world. Fab 42 will create about 3,000 full-time Intel jobs and more than 10,000 jobs in Arizona to run and support the factory. Fab 42 is an investment in our own future and will help ensure that the United States remains the global leader in the semiconductor industry. The 7 nanometer (nm) chips that we're targeting for this factory — the smallest, most powerful and efficient ever — will power state-of-the-art computers, data centers, and other high-tech devices. They will enable amazing breakthroughs in artificial intelligence, automated driving, medical research and treatment, and the factories of the future. I would like to take some time to answer some of the questions that are probably on your mind about this investment and the timing. The first question that may come to mind is "why now?" The answer is relatively simple. Intel's business continues to grow, and investment in capacity and R&D ensures that the pace of Moore's Law continues to march on, fueling technology innovations we love and depend on. Leading-edge technologies like 7 nm require an increasing amount of factory space per wafer. These two factors have driven Intel to a point where we must get to work and build out another factory for 7 nm capacity. These state-of-the-art factories take a couple of years to build out capacity and begin the start-up process. As a result, we made the decision to start the process now. We are excited to begin this journey to build the world's most advanced and complex factory producing Intel's 7 nm technology. The second question is why did we choose to do this announcement at the White House? Intel is proud of the fact that the majority of our wafer manufacturing and R&D is based in the United States. This is due to the great infrastructure we have at our U.S. sites, our talented and highly skilled workforce and the proximity to our R&D facilities in Oregon. We've maintained this U.S.-based manufacturing even though approximately 80 percent of our product is sold outside the United States—we're one of the top 5 exporters and top 2 R&D spenders in the U.S.—and despite the fact that from a tax and regulatory position we have been disadvantaged relative to the rest of the world where we compete. That's why we support the Administration's policies to level the global playing field and make U.S. manufacturing competitive worldwide through new regulatory standards and investment policies. Government policies play a critical role in enabling and sustaining American-driven innovation. At Intel we meet with governments from around the world, discussing and debating issues and policies important to our business, employees and shareholders. When we disagree, we don't walk away. We believe that we must be part of the conversation to voice our views on key issues such as immigration, H1B visas and other policies that are essential to innovation. We are an American innovation company that drives growth and opportunity in the United States and in every corner of the world. I hope you join me in being proud that Intel, the largest and most advanced semiconductor company in the world, continues to invest and invent to push the boundaries of technology. I also hope you will join me and several members of my team for an employee open forum and webcast on Thursday. We look forward to discussing this announcement with you in more detail and answering your questions. Others predict the future. At Intel, we build it. Today's announcement is the latest exciting chapter in our almost 50-year story of innovation that is changing the world. Brian — CNBC's Jacob Pramuk and Arjun Kharpal contributed to this report. Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change INTC --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Intel to invest $7 billion in Arizona semiconductor factory The Fab 42 factory will produce Intel's new 7 nanometer semiconductors. By Natalie Gagliordi for Between the Lines | February 8, 2017 -- 21:17 GMT (13:17 PST) | Topic: Hardware Image: Intel Intel said Wednesday it plans to invest $7 billion in the construction of its R&D factory in Arizona where it will produce its new 7 nanometer semiconductors. Cloud TV These business leaders are embracing cloud services See how the cloud is disrupting traditional operating models for IT departments and entire organizations. Read More Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said the Fab 42 factory, which has been under construction intermittently since 2011, will help preserve the future of Moore's Law while preserving Intel's position as the global leader of the semiconductor industry. The plant is expected to create 3,000 full-time jobs within Intel once it is completed in three to four years. The chips made on the 7 nm process are used within data centers, sensors and other devices, as well as technology systems for artificial intelligence, automated driving and medical research. "These are areas that depend upon having the highest amount of computing power, access to the fastest networks, the most data storage, the smallest chip sizes, and other benefits that come from advancing Moore's Law," Intel wrote in a press release. Intel first announced plans for the Fab 42 factory in 2011 in conjunction with the Obama administration's jobs initiative. Construction of the factory was supposed to be completed by 2013, but eventually stalled due to shrinking chip demand. It's unclear if the $7 billion investment revealed today is on top of the $5 billion Intel said it would invest six years ago. Intel currently builds most of its chips in factories in Oregon, Arizona and New Mexico. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Apple Apple won't do what's needed to save the iPad Laptops Best laptops for $350 or less (February 2017) Smartphones Samsung Galaxy S8 specs: Hello curved screen, AI assistant, and goodbye home button? Hardware Nvidia posts record Q4 results but shares fall after hours × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close By Traders For Traders Live Trading News HOME Investments Real Estate Education Strategy Stocks US Stocks Australia OTC Markets Futures Asia Middle East Currencies Commodities Metals Grains Crude Oil FX Politics America Asia Australia Middle East Terrorism Lifestyle Luxury Travel Health Opinion Shayne Heffernan Paul Ebeling Sports Fishing Formula One Ferrari Horse Racing Formula One NFL Contact Us Privacy Policy Free Trial Consulting IR EB5 Mergers & Acquisitions CrowdFunding Contributors Marketing Metals Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Announces $7-B US Investment in Oval Office Meeting By Paul Ebeling on February 8, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Announces $7-B US Investment in Oval Office Meeting $INTC Intel Corp.(NASDAQ:INTC), the world’s largest semiconductor maker, said it will spend $7-B on its production facilities in Chandler, Arizona, an investment that was announced at a meeting between CEO Brian Krzanich and President Donald Trump. CEO Krzanich, speaking Wednesday at a briefing in the Oval Office, called the investment an expansion of Intel’s presence in Chandler that will enable a plant capable of advanced 7-nanometer chip production. The partially built Fab 42 facility will be completed in 3 to 4 years and create about 3,000 company jobs, Intel said in a statement following the meeting at the White House. Intel builds most of its chips in the US at factories in Oregon, Arizona and New Mexico. It also has plants in Ireland, Israel and China as well as test and assembly facilities in China, Malaysia and Vietnam. The iconic chipmaker, one of the founding companies of California’s Silicon Valley, has held onto its 15% market-leading slice of the $300-B chip industry through outspending rivals on research, development and plants over the years. The Santa Clara, California-based company said last month it plans to boost spending in Y 2017 on new plants and equipment to about $12-B, an increase of about $2-B from last year. Intel has about 106,000 employees around the world. The Arizona investment means innovation and jobs for Americans. Symbol Last Trade Date Change Open High Low Volume NASDAQ:INTC 36.45 8 February 2017 0.10 36.34 36.65 36.14 15,942,466 HeffX-LTN Analysis for INTC: Overall Short Intermediate Long Neutral (-0.01) Neutral (-0.08) Neutral (-0.17) Neutral (0.22) Stay tuned…   Arizona, chips, INTC, Intel, investment, Oval Office, Trump Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Announces $7-B US Investment in Oval Office Meeting added by Paul Ebeling on February 8, 2017 View all posts by Paul Ebeling → The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts Paul Ebeling Paul A. Ebeling, polymath, excels in diverse fields of knowledge. Pattern Recognition Analyst in Equities, Commodities and Foreign Exchange and author of “The Red Roadmaster’s Technical Report” on the US Major Market Indices™, a highly regarded, weekly financial market letter, he is also a philosopher, issuing insights on a wide range of subjects to a following of over 250,000 cohorts. An international audience of opinion makers, business leaders, and global organizations recognizes Ebeling as an expert. Latest posts by Paul Ebeling (see all) Zika Virus Update for Spring Travelers - February 11, 2017 President Trump Wants Snowden, Expect President Putin to Give Him Up - February 10, 2017 Buying Stocks: Growth Investing - February 10, 2017 Related posts: Mid-Caps Stocks Leading in the US Market Rally The Week Ahead on Wall Street Trump Rally Extends, DJIA, S&P 500 & NAS Comp at Record Highs AAII Sentiment Survey, 2 February 2017 Subscribe You must be logged in to post comments :   CONNECT WITH Category Specific RSS All Topics Stocks FX Politics Horse Racing Opinion Travel Health FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAY   Enter Email * First Name * Last Name * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime) By submitting this form, you are granting: heffx, 3 Raffles Place, Singapore, 048617, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy (http://constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement) for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact. Consulting Contact Us Privacy Policy Contributors CrowdFunding EB5 Free Trial IR Live Trading Room Marketing Mergers & Acquisitions Metals Copyright 2016 HEFFX.com © 2017, ↑ Live Trading News By Traders For Traders
Latest News Dow 20,269 +96.97 +0.48% Nasdaq 5,734 +18.95 +0.33% S&P 500 2,316 +8.23 +0.36% 2/10 Updated Trump may be playing with fire by only getting 4 to 5 hours sleep every night 2/10 Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. 2/10 Russia considers returning Snowden to U.S. as ‘gift’ to Trump: report 2/10 Updated You’ll be smarter about money if you follow these Twitter accounts 2/10 Trump says he is considering new executive order on immigration 2/10 Updated What the average American wedding looks like -- and costs 2/10 Iranians Vilify Trump in Rally Celebrating 1979 Revolution 2/10 Updated This little-noticed phenomenon could make stock picking great again 2/10 Updated Of course actors should freely express political opinions, says actor 2/10 Updated This money-making market bubble is about to burst 2/10 Dan Loeb took new stakes in J.P. Morgan, B. of A. and dumped Allergan 2/10 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Updated Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Why iPhone Singles Pass on Dating Android Users 2/10 Updated Do Trump supporters have a breaking point? 2/10 Updated Treasury yields post a weekly decline as worries about geopolitics weigh 2/10 Trump and Japan's Abe Talk Economics and North Korea 2/10 Why more unmarried couples are buying homes and how to win an Oscar 2/10 Why people are delaying filing their taxes this year 2/10 Trump rally as much about real economy as hopes for stimulus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Major U.S. stock indexes end at record high for second straight day Home Industries Computers/Electronics The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Intel to revive $7 billion Arizona chip-manufacturing facility By John D. McKinnon , Ted Greenwald , and Rebecca Ballhaus Published: Feb 8, 2017 5:43 p.m. ET Share Announcement made at White House Getty Images Intel CEO Brian Krzanich speaks during a meeting with President Donald Trump at the White House on Wednesday. By JohnD. McKinnon TedGreenwald RebeccaBallhaus WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump and Intel Corp. Chief Executive Brian Krzanich on Wednesday announced plans for a $7 billion investment in a major manufacturing facility in Arizona. The announcement was the latest in a series of events by Trump touting his job-creation efforts, and gave the president an opportunity to reframe his relationship with the high-tech sector after a round of criticism from Silicon Valley over his recent immigration order. Intel Announces $7 Billion Investment in Arizona Plant(2:17) During a meeting with President Donald Trump on Wednesday, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich announced plans to invest $7 billion in a major semiconductor manufacturing facility in Arizona that will employ 3,000 people. Photo: Reuters A White House official described the planned Intel facility as “the most advanced semiconductor facility in the world.” It will provide 3,000 high-skill manufacturing jobs, officials said. Intel’s INTC, -0.34%   new plans involve opening a manufacturing plant at an existing facility in the Phoenix area. The factory, known as Fab 42, was largely completed several years ago but never put in service, executives said. That facility drew praise from then-President Barack Obama in 2012 for its potential to bring more manufacturing jobs to the U.S. But the company announced in 2014 the plant wouldn’t be opening after all amid changing market conditions. Since then, Intel had already started increasing its overall investment again. An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. Also popular on WSJ.com: For Chinese home buyers, Seattle is the new Vancouver. GOP rebukes Elizabeth Warren for reading remarks critical of Jeff Sessions. More from MarketWatch Inside the Highest-Priced Home in the U.S. The Best Ways to Use Your Smartphone in the Car Trump voters agree ‘Bowling Green Massacre’ supports travel ban, poll finds Quote References INTC -0.12 -0.34% Most Popular Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. Amazon.com takes aim at Victoria’s Secret with its own $10 bras Beastly Nvidia earnings beaten by burden of high expectations Marijuana tax revenue hit $200 million in Colorado as sales pass $1 billion MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Intel Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: INTC $35.34 -0.12 (-0.34%) Volume 43.7M Open $35.26 High $35.43 Low $34.84 P/E Ratio 16.75 Div Yield 2.94 Market Cap 168.0B LatestNews
About AP Essential News from The Associated Press AAA  Feb. 8, 2017 5:33 PM ET The Latest: Gorsuch disheartened by Trump attacks on judges AP          AIM       Share       Google       Digg       Del.icio.us       REddit       NewsVine       Mixx       Facebook       Yahoo White House press secretary Sean Spicer speaks during the daily press briefing, Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, at the White House in Washington. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) White House press secretary Sean Spicer speaks during the daily press briefing, Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, at the White House in Washington. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) President Donald Trump looks at Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, holding a silicon wafer, during their meeting in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) FILE - In this March 16, 2016 file photo, Trump Tower is seen in New York. The U.S. military is looking to rent space at Trump Tower for use when President Donald Trump returns to his longtime home in New York City. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) FILE - In this Nov. 11, 2016 file photo, Ivanka Trump, daughter of President-elect Donald Trump, arrives at Trump Tower in New York. Nordstrom shares sunk after President Trump tweeted that the department store chain had treated his daughter “so unfairly” when it announced last week that it would stop selling Ivanka Trump’s clothing and accessory line. (AP Photo/ Evan Vucci, File) President Donald Trump speaks to the Major County Sheriffs' Association and Major Cities Chiefs Association, Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, in Washington. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) . . 1 of 5 . . More News Video Buy AP Photo Reprints WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on President Donald Trump (all times EST): 5:30 p.m. Donald Trump's Supreme Court nominee has told a Democratic senator that he found the president's attacks on the judiciary "disheartening" and "demoralizing." Sen. Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut disclosed the comments from Judge Neil Gorsuch after meeting with the nominee Wednesday. Trump referred to a Seattle judge who put a stay on his immigrant travel ban as a "so-called judge." Gorsuch's confirmation team confirmed that Gorsuch was referring to that comment and described it as disheartening. Gorsuch is making the rounds in the Senate, drawing praise from Republicans but skepticism from many Democrats, including Blumenthal. ___ 4:30 p.m. Republican Sen. John McCain isn't budging from his assessment that the U.S. raid in Yemen wasn't a success after he was criticized by the White House. McCain says any operation where a $75 million airplane is lost, a Navy SEAL is killed, and there are multiple casualties, including women and children, "cannot be labeled a success." His remarks came after White House spokesman Sean Spicer said anyone who questions the success of the Yemen operation is doing a "disservice" to the life of Navy SEAL Ryan Owens. McCain recalled a failed 1970 mission to rescue U.S. service members held in North Vietnam. He says, "Any connection between success or failure and the heroism of men and women who serve, there is none." ___ 2:50 p.m. White House press secretary Sean Spicer says those who question the success of a deadly U.S. raid in Yemen are doing a "disservice" to the life of a Navy SEAL who was killed in the raid. The comments come after Arizona Sen. John McCain said Tuesday that he wouldn't describe the raid as a success, given the loss of American life. Spicer says the action taken in Yemen was a "huge success" and that any other characterization does a disservice to the life of Ryan Owens, the Navy SEAL who was killed in the assault. Innocent civilians, including children, were also killed in the raid. Three other U.S. service members were wounded. ___ 2:15 p.m. A White House spokesman says President Donald Trump was standing up for his daughter when he posted a tweet criticizing Nordstrom. Trump tweeted that Ivanka Trump was treated "so unfairly" by the department store, which decided to stop selling her clothing and accessory line. White House spokesman Sean Spicer says Trump was responding to an "attack on his daughter." Spicer says Trump is president — and "for people to take out their concern about his actions or executive orders on members of his family, he has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities, their success." Nordstrom did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment about Trump's tweet. ___ 1:10 p.m. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich is at the White House and bringing the kind of economic news that President Donald Trump likes to trumpet: a $7 billion investment in an Intel factory in Arizona. The CEO says in an Oval Office visit with Trump that Intel will be completing the factory and making "the most advanced" chips on the planet." The CEO says the factory will employ about 3,000 workers directly — and 10,000 workers in Arizona in support of the factory. Krzanich says the announcement comes partly in response in part to Trump's tax and regulatory policies. Trump calls the product that Intel will be making is "amazing." ___ 12 p.m. The U.S. military is looking to rent space at Trump Tower for use when President Donald Trump is working in New York City. Pentagon spokesman Army Lt. Col. J.B. Brindle says the Department of Defense is looking for the space "in order to meet official mission requirements." It's not immediately clear how much it would cost the Pentagon to rent space in the 58-story midtown Manhattan tower owned by the Trump Organization. Trump lives in the three-story penthouse. He hasn't returned to New York since taking office on Jan. 20. His wife, Melania, and their young son, Barron, are living there for now. It's customary for the military to obtain space near a president's residence. ___ 11:50 a.m. Organizations opposed to President Donald Trump's executive order on government regulations are suing to block it. The order required federal agencies to identify at least two existing regulations to repeal for every new regulation proposed or issued. The suit contends the order exceeds the president's constitutional authority — and directs agencies to unlawfully repeal rules intended to protect the health and safety of Americans, and the environment. Filing suit are Public Citizen, a consumer advocacy group, the Communications Workers of America and the Natural Resources Defense Council. ___ 11:25 a.m. President Donald Trump isn't happy about Nordstrom's decision to stop selling Ivanka Trump's line of clothing and accessories — and he's tweeting his criticism. Trump says his daughter has "been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom." The president says she's "a great person — always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!" Nordstrom said last week that it would stop selling Ivanka Trump merchandise. The Seattle-based department store chain said the decision was based on the sales performance of the first daughter's brand. Nordstrom hasn't immediately responded to an email seeking comment. Ivanka Trump has formally stepped down from her leadership role with the brand. ___ 9:57 a.m. President Donald Trump is promising "zero tolerance" for violence against law enforcement officers. He tells a group of police chiefs that his administration will give their departments the resources to recruit and retain officers. Trump also says "no one in America should be punished" simply for growing up in a place where violence may be prevalent. And as he has done before, he's singling out Chicago, saying the level of violence in the city cannot be allowed to continue. He says "we've allowed too many young lives to be claimed." When it comes to people who may be living illegally in the United States and involved in criminal activity, the president wants law enforcement and the public to report them to the Department of Homeland Security. In his words — "I want you to turn in the bad ones." ___ 9:40 a.m. President Donald Trump is asserting that had the right to enact his travel ban. He tells a group of police chiefs that his immigration order was "done for the security of our nation." He says the provision supporting the order was written "beautifully" and was within his executive authority. Trump says "a bad high school student would understand this." A federal judge has put the ban on hold, and an appeals court is considering an appeal from the Trump administration. The order includes a temporary travel ban on travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries. While awaiting a decision, Trump says "courts seem to be so political." ___ 7:55 a.m. President Donald Trump is expected to have lunch Thursday with a group of moderate Senate Democrats who could play a key role in his legislative agenda. The lunch is expected to include Sens. Joe Manchin of West Virginia, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, Joe Donnelly of Indiana and Jon Tester of Montana. Trump faces a narrow Republican majority in the Senate and hopes to secure some support among Democrats for his agenda and the confirmation of Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch. All four Senate Democrats face re-election in 2018. The lunch was first reported by USA Today and confirmed by the Senate offices. The White House did not immediately provide details on the lunch, which is also expected to include Republican lawmakers. __ 7: 24 a.m. President Donald Trump is tweeting that if he loses the pending court case over his travel ban, the country "can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled." The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals is weighing the appeal of Trump's executive order on immigration, including a temporary travel ban on those from seven Muslim-majority countries. The appeals court challenged the administration's claim that the ban was motivated by terrorism fears, but it also questioned an attorney's argument that it unconstitutionally targeted Muslims. The president tweeted early Wednesday, "If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!"Associated Press Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Topics: Government and politics, Judiciary, Supreme courts, National courts, Courts, National governments, Fashion accessories, Fashion, Beauty and fashion, Lifestyle, Government regulations, Legislature, Hiring and recruitment, Personnel, Business, Armed forces, Military and defense, War and unrest, General news, Religion and politics, Religious issues, Religion, Social affairs, Social issues, Judicial appointments and nominations, Government appointments and nominations, Immigration, Travel laws and regulations People, Places and Companies: Heidi Heitkamp, Neil Gorsuch, Ryan Owens, Jon Tester, Richard Blumenthal, Ivanka Trump, Sean Spicer, Donald Trump, Joe Manchin, John McCain, Joe Donnelly, District of Columbia, United States, Yemen, New York City, Seattle       AIM       Share       Google       Digg       Del.icio.us       REddit       NewsVine       Mixx       Facebook       Yahoo AP Privacy Policy | AP Terms of Use ©  Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Ministry of Innovation — Intel will invest $7 billion to finish a factory it started in 2011 Construction was paused in 2014, and Fab 42 has sat empty since. Andrew Cunningham - Feb 8, 2017 10:35 pm UTC Enlarge / Intel's uncompleted Fab 42 in Chandler, AZ. reader comments 98 Share this story Intel announced today that it would spend $7 billion to complete Fab 42, a factory in Chandler, Arizona that will eventually be used to build chips on Intel's 7nm manufacturing process. According to Intel's release, the facility will "directly create 3,000 high-tech, high-wage Intel jobs for process engineers, equipment technicians, and facilities-support engineers and technicians who will work at the site" and that a further 7,000 jobs will be created indirectly to support the facility. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich made the announcement at the White House with President Donald Trump; Krzanich briefly attracted controversy last summer when he canceled a Trump fundraising event. In an e-mail to Intel employees after the announcement (PDF), Krzanich said he made the announcement at the White House as a show of support for "the Administration's policies to level the global playing field and make US manufacturing competitive worldwide through new regulatory standards and investment policies." Krzanich also noted that Intel is "one of the top five exporters and top two R&D spenders in the US—despite the fact that from a tax and regulatory position we have been disadvantaged relative to the rest of the world where we compete." Though Krzanich bemoans US taxes and regulations, it's also worth noting that US government restrictions make it more difficult for Intel to build cutting-edge chip manufacturing facilities outside of the United States in the first place. Under the terms of the Wassenaar Arrangement, Intel needs to get government approval before it can export manufacturing equipment capable of making anything smaller than 45nm chips (that number changes over time as manufacturing processes improve). This is one reason why Intel only has one factory in China and why that factory was making then-outdated 65nm chips when it opened in 2010. It's not that Intel can't build advanced chip factories outside of the US, but it does appear to be easier overall to keep the most advanced processes in the US. Further ReadingIntel closes AZ chip factory before it even opens Fab 42 was originally announced back in 2011, and then-President Obama spoke there back in 2012. At the time, Intel expected to build 14nm chips there, and it anticipated the facility would be completed at some point in 2013 (PDF). The main building was completed right down to its heating and air conditioning systems, but in 2014, Intel announced amid a downturn in PC sales that it would instead build 14nm chips at existing facilities in Oregon and Arizona. The 1,000 jobs that the facility was supposed to create instead went to those existing factories. Before today, Intel hadn't decisively commented on the facility's fate, but at the time of the cancellation, the company did say that the building would eventually be used. The original estimate of 1,000 directly created jobs may have increased to 3,000 because of the increased complexity of the 7nm process; Krzanich also notes that the 7nm process will require a greater amount of factory space per wafer. What's not clear is how many of those jobs might be offset by job cuts elsewhere—Intel announced plans to cut as many as 12,000 of its jobs worldwide in April of 2016, representing about 11 percent of its total workforce. Intel also didn't announce a timeline for hiring the new facility's employees. New manufacturing processes take years to get going, and Intel still has to start producing chips on its planned 10nm process before it gets around to making 7nm chips. The time it takes to migrate to a new manufacturing process has also increased since the turn of the decade, taking three or four years where it used to take around two. Fab 42 will be Intel's third manufacturing facility in Chandler, Arizona. Fab 12 opened in 1996, and as of 2011 or 2012 Intel said it would be producing 22nm chips there (PDF). Fab 32, opened in 2007, manufactures 22nm and 14nm chips. Andrew Cunningham Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue. Email andrew.cunningham@arstechnica.com // Twitter @AndrewWrites reader comments 98 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Intel to finally complete Chandler plant announced in 2011 - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME My Tucson Home Flight tracker Arizona Politics Border News Business Traffic map Watch Tucson News Now KOLD Investigates See it, Snap it, Send it Education Visit our tax guide In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Great Things Happen Here Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Text and Email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports UA Basketball Super Bowl LI UA Sports UA Football AG's Wildcat Report Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson El Tour de Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Business Announcements Lifestyle Speaker Request Pet Connection Pet Pals Events Discover Arizona Teacher Tributes Tucson gem show About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Win a family membership for Reid Park Zoo Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Sex & Relationships Marketplace Intel to make $7 billion investment, bring 10,000 job to Arizona 2017-02-08T22:18:04Z2017-02-08T23:20:55Z (Source: Intel Corp.) PHOENIX (AP) - Chip-making giant Intel said it will finally complete a multi-billion dollar Arizona plant it announced during a visit by then-President Barack Obama to a company plant in Oregon in 2011. The announcement came Wednesday during a visit by Intel CEO Brian Krzanich with President Donald Trump at the White House. The Chandler plant was built and then left vacant by the Santa Clara, California-based company. It had touted the facility as a new $5 billion investment in Arizona that would bring 2,000-3,000 construction jobs to the state. State lawmakers said they expected about 1,000 permanent positions. The facility was left vacant after market conditions for the chips it planned to make there changed. Wednesday's announcement increased the investment amount to $7 billion, the total jobs to 10,000 with 3,000 being high-tech positions. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File jhengemuehler@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 374 9 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Trump lauds Intel's $7B plan to finish closed plant The plant, mothballed in 2011, now will be completed to make Intel's most cutting-edge chips Post to Facebook Trump lauds Intel's $7B plan to finish closed plant The plant, mothballed in 2011, now will be completed to make Intel's most cutting-edge chips  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kOYXFC {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 46 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Trump lauds Intel's $7B plan to finish closed plant Elizabeth Weise , USATODAY Published 2:14 p.m. ET Feb. 8, 2017 | Updated 8:49 p.m. ET Feb. 8, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share President Trump held up Intel's plan to invest more than $7 billion in an Arizona factory as a win for his economic agenda. The mayor of Chandler simply calls it a win for his city where the plant is expected to generate thousands of jobs. (Feb. 8) AP Intel's fabrication plant 42 in Chandler, Arizona. (Photo: Intel Corp.) 374 CONNECTTWEET 9 LINKEDIN 46 COMMENTEMAILMORE SAN FRANCISCO — Intel CEO Brian Kraznich stood next to President Trump in the Oval Office Wednesday to announce that the chip maker would spend $7 billion to complete a mothballed plant in Chandler, Ariz. that was begun in 2011. The opening of the plant is part of Intel's overall pivot away from the PC market which has taken place over the past few years and is beginning to pay dividends, though some also saw a possible political tint to the timing. Fabrication plant 42 will produce microprocessors and will take between three and four years to come online, creating approximately 3,000 high-tech, high-wage jobs when it opens, Kraznich said. “It will be the most advanced semiconductor manufacturing plant on the planet,” said Stacy Smith, Intel’s head of sales and manufacturing. Intel originally built the plant in 2011-2012, when it spent $5 billion on the facility, but then made the decision not to complete it because of shifts in the semiconductor industry as the public turned away from PCs and towards tablets and smartphones. Shipments of PCs dropped 5.7% in 2016, according to IDC. Since then Intel has rebounded by pivoting to focus on the needs of cloud computing facilities and devices. Intel already has two other factories in Arizona. "Intel is very proud of the fact that a majority of our manufacturing is here in the U.S., and the majority of our research and development is here in the U.S., while over 80% of what we sell is sold outside of the U.S.," Krzanich said in the White House. The investments needed to create new chips is “enormous, so we have to start now in order to intercept demand that’s a few year’s out,” said Smith The decision to built out the plant in Chandler has nothing to do with the Trump Administration’s America first policies, said Gartner lead Intel analyst Mark Hung. “Traditionally, Intel’s leading-edge work has always been done in the United States,” he said. The plant will be using Intel’s 7-nanometer manufacturing process, a cutting-edge advanced process. “They needed to bite the bullet at some point to do it, and given that the plant’s new, it’s a good place for it,” Hung said. While the move is largely in line with Intel’s long term plans, there could well be an element of fortuitous timing to the announcement, said Bill Kreher, an analyst with Edward Jones. “Currently Intel has large amounts of cash overseas and the company employs a lot of highly-skilled works who use a lot of H-1B visas. These are items that the president is currently evaluating. So it’s a pretty advantageous time for Intel to be announcing the creation of 3,000 new jobs,” he said. Intel has made chips for personal computers in Chandler since the 1980s. It is the number one private employer in Arizona, Krzanich said. USATODAY.COM Intel's new $5 billion plant in Arizona has Obama's blessing - USATODAY.com 374 CONNECTTWEET 9 LINKEDIN 46 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kOYXFC NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 20°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Saturday, February 11, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Replay of the Day Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand The Latest: Trump wishes China a prosperous new year Associated Press Wednesday, February 08, 2017 Credit: The Associated Press President Donald Trump speaks to the Major County Sheriffs' Association and Major Cities Chiefs Association, Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, in Washington. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) comments WASHINGTON — The Latest on President Donald Trump (all times EST): 8:40 p.m. The White House says President Donald Trump has written Chinese President Xi Jinping (shee jihn-peeng) to wish the "Chinese people a happy Lantern Festival and prosperous Year of the Rooster." The White House says Trump wrote Xi to thank him for a congratulatory letter and to express his hopes of developing "a constructive relationship that benefits both the United States and China." Before taking office, Trump questioned the "one-China policy" that shifted U.S. recognition from self-governing Taiwan to China in 1979. He said it was open to negotiation. Trump also wants to pressure Beijing to narrow its trade surplus with the U.S. ___ 6 p.m. First lady Melania Trump has named Anna Cristina Niceta Lloyd as White House social secretary, putting her at the helm of the White House's social events, state dinners and other high-profile gatherings. Mrs. Trump says Niceta Lloyd — who goes by Rickie — brings "solid diplomatic, political and social entertaining experience" to the job. The White House says Niceta Lloyd has worked with both Republicans and Democrats in planning events for the last five presidential inaugurations. She's also assisted the State Department's Office of Protocol with events with several secretaries of state. Mrs. Trump has yet to move to Washington, but she is starting to fill out her staff. She's said she plans to stay in New York while the president's 10-year-old son, Barro, finishes the school year. ___ 5:30 p.m. Donald Trump's Supreme Court nominee has told a Democratic senator that he found the president's attacks on the judiciary "disheartening" and "demoralizing." Sen. Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut disclosed the comments from Judge Neil Gorsuch after meeting with the nominee Wednesday. Trump referred to a Seattle judge who put a stay on his immigrant travel ban as a "so-called judge." Gorsuch's confirmation team confirmed that Gorsuch was referring to that comment and described it as disheartening. Gorsuch is making the rounds in the Senate, drawing praise from Republicans but skepticism from many Democrats, including Blumenthal. ___ 4:30 p.m. Republican Sen. John McCain isn't budging from his assessment that the U.S. raid in Yemen wasn't a success after he was criticized by the White House. McCain says any operation where a $75 million airplane is lost, a Navy SEAL is killed, and there are multiple casualties, including women and children, "cannot be labeled a success." His remarks came after White House spokesman Sean Spicer said anyone who questions the success of the Yemen operation is doing a "disservice" to the life of Navy SEAL Ryan Owens. McCain recalled a failed 1970 mission to rescue U.S. service members held in North Vietnam. He says, "Any connection between success or failure and the heroism of men and women who serve, there is none." ___ 2:50 p.m. White House press secretary Sean Spicer says those who question the success of a deadly U.S. raid in Yemen are doing a "disservice" to the life of a Navy SEAL who was killed in the raid. The comments come after Arizona Sen. John McCain said Tuesday that he wouldn't describe the raid as a success, given the loss of American life. Spicer says the action taken in Yemen was a "huge success" and that any other characterization does a disservice to the life of Ryan Owens, the Navy SEAL who was killed in the assault. Innocent civilians, including children, were also killed in the raid. Three other U.S. service members were wounded. ___ 2:15 p.m. A White House spokesman says President Donald Trump was standing up for his daughter when he posted a tweet criticizing Nordstrom. Trump tweeted that Ivanka Trump was treated "so unfairly" by the department store, which decided to stop selling her clothing and accessory line. White House spokesman Sean Spicer says Trump was responding to an "attack on his daughter." Spicer says Trump is president — and "for people to take out their concern about his actions or executive orders on members of his family, he has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities, their success." Nordstrom did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment about Trump's tweet. ___ 1:10 p.m. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich is at the White House and bringing the kind of economic news that President Donald Trump likes to trumpet: a $7 billion investment in an Intel factory in Arizona. The CEO says in an Oval Office visit with Trump that Intel will be completing the factory and making "the most advanced" chips on the planet." The CEO says the factory will employ about 3,000 workers directly — and 10,000 workers in Arizona in support of the factory. Krzanich says the announcement comes partly in response in part to Trump's tax and regulatory policies. Trump calls the product that Intel will be making is "amazing." ___ 12 p.m. The U.S. military is looking to rent space at Trump Tower for use when President Donald Trump is working in New York City. Pentagon spokesman Army Lt. Col. J.B. Brindle says the Department of Defense is looking for the space "in order to meet official mission requirements." It's not immediately clear how much it would cost the Pentagon to rent space in the 58-story midtown Manhattan tower owned by the Trump Organization. Trump lives in the three-story penthouse. He hasn't returned to New York since taking office on Jan. 20. His wife, Melania, and their young son, Barron, are living there for now. It's customary for the military to obtain space near a president's residence. ___ 11:50 a.m. Organizations opposed to President Donald Trump's executive order on government regulations are suing to block it. The order required federal agencies to identify at least two existing regulations to repeal for every new regulation proposed or issued. The suit contends the order exceeds the president's constitutional authority — and directs agencies to unlawfully repeal rules intended to protect the health and safety of Americans, and the environment. Filing suit are Public Citizen, a consumer advocacy group, the Communications Workers of America and the Natural Resources Defense Council. ___ 11:25 a.m. President Donald Trump isn't happy about Nordstrom's decision to stop selling Ivanka Trump's line of clothing and accessories — and he's tweeting his criticism. Trump says his daughter has "been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom." The president says she's "a great person — always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!" Nordstrom said last week that it would stop selling Ivanka Trump merchandise. The Seattle-based department store chain said the decision was based on the sales performance of the first daughter's brand. Nordstrom hasn't immediately responded to an email seeking comment. Ivanka Trump has formally stepped down from her leadership role with the brand. ___ 9:57 a.m. President Donald Trump is promising "zero tolerance" for violence against law enforcement officers. He tells a group of police chiefs that his administration will give their departments the resources to recruit and retain officers. Trump also says "no one in America should be punished" simply for growing up in a place where violence may be prevalent. And as he has done before, he's singling out Chicago, saying the level of violence in the city cannot be allowed to continue. He says "we've allowed too many young lives to be claimed." When it comes to people who may be living illegally in the United States and involved in criminal activity, the president wants law enforcement and the public to report them to the Department of Homeland Security. In his words — "I want you to turn in the bad ones." ___ 9:40 a.m. President Donald Trump is asserting that had the right to enact his travel ban. He tells a group of police chiefs that his immigration order was "done for the security of our nation." He says the provision supporting the order was written "beautifully" and was within his executive authority. Trump says "a bad high school student would understand this." A federal judge has put the ban on hold, and an appeals court is considering an appeal from the Trump administration. The order includes a temporary travel ban on travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries. While awaiting a decision, Trump says "courts seem to be so political." ___ 7:55 a.m. President Donald Trump is expected to have lunch Thursday with a group of moderate Senate Democrats who could play a key role in his legislative agenda. The lunch is expected to include Sens. Joe Manchin of West Virginia, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, Joe Donnelly of Indiana and Jon Tester of Montana. Trump faces a narrow Republican majority in the Senate and hopes to secure some support among Democrats for his agenda and the confirmation of Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch. All four Senate Democrats face re-election in 2018. The lunch was first reported by USA Today and confirmed by the Senate offices. The White House did not immediately provide details on the lunch, which is also expected to include Republican lawmakers. __ 7: 24 a.m. President Donald Trump is tweeting that if he loses the pending court case over his travel ban, the country "can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled." The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals is weighing the appeal of Trump's executive order on immigration, including a temporary travel ban on those from seven Muslim-majority countries. The appeals court challenged the administration's claim that the ban was motivated by terrorism fears, but it also questioned an attorney's argument that it unconstitutionally targeted Muslims. The president tweeted early Wednesday, "If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!" More On: United States government Joe Donnelly Jon Tester Joe Manchin Neil Gorsuch Heidi Heitkamp Donald Trump Share this Article Join the Conversation Herald Columnists Peter Gelzinis Gelzinis: ‘She didn’t call for Help’ Joe Fitzgerald Fitzgerald: Players wrong to shun White House invite Joe Battenfeld Battenfeld: A nation in denial needs to realize election is over Howie Carr Carr: Wordplay by Dems gives new meaning to foreign language Jessica Heslam Heslam: Fashion bashing may not be bad for Ivanka Trump’s line Kimberly Atkins Atkins: 1 Dem joins unanimous GOP support for new AG Trending Now CNN anchor apologizes for comparing 'fake news' to N-word Report: Despite DCF efforts, 35 kids died in state care 1990 South African President F. W. de Klerk announced Nelson Mandela will be freed on Feburary 11 #HeraldArchives… Teams lining up for the Jimmy Garoppolo sweepstakes Patriots Fan Shop Tweets by @bostonherald Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Don't Miss: CW@50: A look back at Y2K in cartoons 5 new threats to your personal data Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Drive cloning in Windows 10 with free tools The IT-business gap remains 10 ways tech pros can take charge of their professional development Review: Microsoft's Nano Server offers mega advantages More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Computer Processors News After Ryzen, AMD has no immediate plan to purge other PC chips AMD is repackaging its existing chips, from FX to Sempron, for mid-to low-end PCs By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Feb 8, 2017 1:35 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Advanced Micro Devices More like this AMD sets up Ryzen chip for a strong start as battle with Intel looms AMD tries to drum up support for 32-core Zen server chip 5 burning questions about AMD's Zen chip Video Windows 10 Quick Tips: Getting the most from Cortana An AMD Athlon or Sempron chip may not drum as much excitement as Ryzen, but loyalty has helped those brands stick around for more than a decade. So what happens to those and other PC processors, like the A-series and FX, when AMD's new Ryzen chips start flooding the market in March? AMD has said the first high-end desktop Ryzen chips will ship in March. For now, AMD plans to make no changes to its lineup of existing chips, a company spokesman said. Instead, the chips will be regrouped to focus on price-sensitive PC buyers. Ryzen-based PCs are expected to be priced at a premium, competing with Intel's top gaming CPUs. The FX chips will not go away once Ryzen arrives, and will be targeted toward budget gamers. The A-series chips -- which were targeted toward a wide range of laptops -- will be much like Intel's Core i3, i5 and Celeron and Pentium processors, which are also targeted at low-end to mid-range laptops and Chromebooks. Unified AM4 socket compatibility helps maintain existing chips and has provided an easy path to Zen-based PC chip upgrade, the spokesman said. For example, the AM4 socket supports Zen chips and the recent 7th Generation A-series chips. Expanding the PC chip lineup will help AMD compete with Intel, from the high-end to low end. AMD is already gaining in the PC market. AMD took x86 chip market share from Intel in 2016. AMD had a 13.6 percent market share in 2016, growing from a 12.7 percent share in 2015. Intel's share was 86.3 percent in 2016, dropping from 87.1 percent in 2015, according to Mercury Research. Strong laptop chip shipments in the second half of 2016 and an inventory purge in 2015 helped AMD grow its market share, said Dean McCarron, principal analyst at Mercury Research. The most vulnerable AMD chips are Athlon and Sempron, which sit on the bottom rung of the company's chip lineup.  Some brands like Phenom have died, but Athlon and Sempron have shown amazing staying power thanks to brand loyalty from home PC builders in Asia, McCarron said. Those chips will be hard to discontinue overnight, McCarron said. "Intel dealt with that in Asia on Pentium. Once it is established, they can't go away," McCarron said. Chips like the Athlon X4 and FX-4300 -- which is cheap to manufacture -- will keep serving customers' needs and will stay in production for some time to come, McCarron said. Also, PC makers need low-end products to segment markets and maintain prices. The price of high-end FX chips helps set a minimum price for Ryzen chips. It also helps retain Ryzen as a high-margin product, which is important for AMD in its pursuit of higher profitability. The low-end chips will also help keep AMD's chip volume active and meet supply agreements. AMD has an agreement with GlobalFoundries to manufacture a certain number of chips each year. Low-end chips are also important to manufacturing. They help amortize manufacturing costs and provide a market for chips with minor defects. It's fairly common for chips to get defects during manufacturing, and those are repackaged into low-end parts. That helps reduce inventory and produces revenue from those chips. AMD can't say it is getting rid of older chips because that would damage partnerships with PC makers and OEMs, said Jim McGregor, principal analyst at Tirias Research. "They can't displace the entire product portfolio over night," McGregor said. But at some point, AMD will have to figure out which ones to chuck. It's likely the chips that are more expensive to manufacture will get the boot. Some chips like high-end FX parts could get the boot as Ryzen chips expand into lower-end gaming PCs. A decision to drop expensive chips and retain cheaper ones would be a cost-saving measure to reduce the manufacturing overhead. "You'll see the transition over the next nine to 12 months to move everything over," McGregor said. AMD has also released Zen-based server chips to succeed the current Opteron server chips. The company has seemingly put the development of ARM-based server chips on hold, and few server makers are using Opteron chips now. AMD will continue making embedded chips, which are used in devices with life spans of up to 10 years. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Computer Processors Windows PCs Servers Computer Hardware Prices still climbing for enterprise mobility management software You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Popular Resources White Paper 2015 Latin American Mid-Market Enterprise Communications Platforms Growth Excellence Leadership Award Research/Infographic Sponsored 4 Steps to E-Rate Simplification Research/Infographic Sponsored 5 Ways Cloud Changes Everything Video/Webcast Sponsored Best Practices in Managing Digital Media Rights for the Connected World White Paper Big Data, Bad Data, Good Data: The Link Between Information Governance and Big Data Outcomes Go Top Stories Ford to invest $1B in A.I. startup toward self-driving cars Ford plans to invest $1 billion over the next five years in Argo AI, an artificial intelligence startup... Trump eyes end to an H-1B system that favors largest outsourcers The companies most hurt by the random H-1B distribution system are those that submit only a few... Review: Samsung Chromebook Pro brings touch computing up a notch The Samsung Chromebook Pro is a convertible laptop/tablet that comes with an excellent touch display... How to root out bias in your data Analytics is a top priority for savvy CIOs. But if implicit biases are hiding under the surface of your... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN After Ryzen, AMD has no immediate plan to purge its other PC chips After Ryzen, AMD has no immediate plan to purge its other PC chips AMD is repackaging its existing chips, from FX to Sempron, for mid-to low-end PCs Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 09 February, 2017 08:35 - - - - print email Distributors BMS Technology Com1 International Dicker Data Impact Systems Technology Ingram Micro Australia Leader Computers Multimedia Technology Synnex Comments An AMD Athlon or Sempron chip may not drum as much excitement as Ryzen, but loyalty has helped those brands stick around for more than a decade. So what happens to those and other PC processors, like the A-series and FX, when AMD's new Ryzen chips start flooding the market in March? AMD has said the first high-end desktop Ryzen chips will ship in March. For now, AMD plans to make no changes to its lineup of existing chips, a company spokesman said. Instead, the chips will be regrouped to focus on price-sensitive PC buyers. Ryzen-based PCs are expected to be priced at a premium, competing with Intel's top gaming CPUs. The FX chips will not go away once Ryzen arrives, and will be targeted toward budget gamers. The A-series chips -- which were targeted toward a wide range of laptops -- will be much like Intel's Core i3, i5 and Celeron and Pentium processors, which are also targeted at low-end to mid-range laptops and Chromebooks. Unified AM4 socket compatibility helps maintain existing chips and has provided an easy path to Zen-based PC chip upgrade, the spokesman said. For example, the AM4 socket supports Zen chips and the recent 7th Generation A-series chips. Expanding the PC chip lineup will help AMD compete with Intel, from the high-end to low end. AMD is already gaining in the PC market. AMD took x86 chip market share from Intel in 2016. AMD had a 13.6 percent market share in 2016, growing from a 12.7 percent share in 2015. Intel's share was 86.3 percent in 2016, dropping from 87.1 percent in 2015, according to Mercury Research. Strong laptop chip shipments in the second half of 2016 and an inventory purge in 2015 helped AMD grow its market share, said Dean McCarron, principal analyst at Mercury Research. The most vulnerable AMD chips are Athlon and Sempron, which sit on the bottom rung of the company's chip lineup.  Some brands like Phenom have died, but Athlon and Sempron have shown amazing staying power thanks to brand loyalty from home PC builders in Asia, McCarron said. Those chips will be hard to discontinue overnight, McCarron said. "Intel dealt with that in Asia on Pentium. Once it is established, they can't go away," McCarron said. Chips like the Athlon X4 and FX-4300 -- which is cheap to manufacture -- will keep serving customers' needs and will stay in production for some time to come, McCarron said. Also, PC makers need low-end products to segment markets and maintain prices. The price of high-end FX chips helps set a minimum price for Ryzen chips. It also helps retain Ryzen as a high-margin product, which is important for AMD in its pursuit of higher profitability. The low-end chips will also help keep AMD's chip volume active and meet supply agreements. AMD has an agreement with GlobalFoundries to manufacture a certain number of chips each year. Low-end chips are also important to manufacturing. They help amortize manufacturing costs and provide a market for chips with minor defects. It's fairly common for chips to get defects during manufacturing, and those are repackaged into low-end parts. That helps reduce inventory and produces revenue from those chips. AMD can't say it is getting rid of older chips because that would damage partnerships with PC makers and OEMs, said Jim McGregor, principal analyst at Tirias Research. "They can't displace the entire product portfolio over night," McGregor said. But at some point, AMD will have to figure out which ones to chuck. It's likely the chips that are more expensive to manufacture will get the boot. Some chips like high-end FX parts could get the boot as Ryzen chips expand into lower-end gaming PCs. A decision to drop expensive chips and retain cheaper ones would be a cost-saving measure to reduce the manufacturing overhead. "You'll see the transition over the next nine to 12 months to move everything over," McGregor said. AMD has also released Zen-based server chips to succeed the current Opteron server chips. The company has seemingly put the development of ARM-based server chips on hold, and few server makers are using Opteron chips now. AMD will continue making embedded chips, which are used in devices with life spans of up to 10 years. Ubiquiti UCRM – How Resellers Stand to Benefit From This Free CRM System to Become Independent ISP More from Leader Computers Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next Optus sees quarterly profit slip by $39 million YoY Oracle settling with ex-worker over alleged fiddling of cloud accounts Top 10 IT industry predictions for Australia ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Top 10 IT industry predictions for Australia Digital transformation is expected to attain "macroeconomic scale" over the next few years, changing the way enterprises in Australia operate and reshaping the local economy. As a result, IDC has published its top 10 technology predictions for the local market, as local businesses and IT partners enter a future dominated by the "digital transformation economy". Top 10 IT industry predictions for Australia Examining the changing job scene in the Aussie channel Typically, the New Year brings new opportunities for personnel within the Australian channel. 2017 started no differently, with a host of appointments, departures and reshuffles across vendor, distributor and reseller businesses. As a result, the job scene across Australia has changed - here’s a run down of who is working where in the year ahead… Examining the changing job scene in the Aussie channel ​Top 15 Aussie tech storylines to follow in 2017 The New Year brings the usual new round of humdrum technology predictions, glaringly general, unashamedly safe and perpetually predictable. But while the industry no longer sees value in “cloud is now the norm” type projections, value can be found in following developments of the year previous, analysing behaviours and patterns to formulate a plan for the 12 months ahead. Consequently, here’s the top tech storylines to follow in Australia during 2017. ​Top 15 Aussie tech storylines to follow in 2017 iasset.com is a channel management ecosystem that automates all major aspects of the entire sales, marketing and service process, including data tracking, integrated learning, knowledge management and product lifecycle management. Related Whitepapers How to Sell Disaster Recovery D-Link Case Study: Simple and Scalable Network Solutions for Medical Professionals and Visiting Clients D-Link Case Study: A Reliable and Robust Campuswide Network Solution at a Reasonable Cost How to Plan For Disaster Recovery Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ​How partners can help CIOs build trust in digital government   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News Feb 10 Banking and securities’ IT spend to hit $14.8B in Australia Feb 10 ISPs put on alert over broadband speed claims Feb 10 NetComm’s NBN deal delivers $28m revenue injection Feb 10 Microsoft hasn't moved the Windows 10 needle in months More News ​Double executive departure rocks Quest Software ​Day of reckoning still to come despite Dell EMC partner program launch ARN Events 21 Feb BigTec - Sydney 01 Mar BigTec - Melbourne 14 Mar WIICTA Alumnae Q1 2017 Industry Events 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017 EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Intel repeats Obama-era pledge to invest billions in a new factory Intel repeats Obama-era pledge to invest billions in a new factory In a meeting with Trump, Intel's CEO again says the company will invest billions to make Fab 42 and create jobs Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 09 February, 2017 07:02 - - - - print email Distributors BMS Technology Dicker Data Impact Systems Technology Ingram Micro Australia Leader Computers Synnex Comments Intel CEO Brian Krzanich's meeting with new U.S. president Donald Trump was followed by a big announcement: The company will invest US$7 billion over the next three to four years to complete a factory to make 7-nanometer chips. The completion of Fab 42 -- where the chips will be made -- will create about 3,000 jobs in the Chandler, Arizona, area, Intel said. The chipmaker expects to help create 10,000 jobs tied to supporting the activities of Fab 42. Trump has been pushing for more jobs in the U.S. and for bringing manufacturing back to the country. Making the announcement after meeting with Trump amplifies Intel's efforts to promote itself as a jobs creator. But just last year, the company laid off more than 12,000 employees to restructure operations. Also, this isn't the first time Intel has committed to creating jobs and investing billions to make Fab 42. It made a similar announcement in 2011 but then backed off. In February 2011, then-CEO Paul Otellini announced the company was investing $5 billion to complete Fab 42 to make 14-nm chips and create 4,000 jobs. That announcement was made during former President Barack Obama's visit to an Intel facility in Hillsboro, Oregon. Intel slammed the breaks on that plan in 2014 to keep the space available "for unspecified future technology." The construction of Fab 42 began in 2011, but its completion was delayed, William Moss, an Intel spokesman, said in an email. "We're making this investment now in anticipation of the growth of our business," Moss said. In 2011, Intel announced the factory as it expected to grow its mobile device business. But Intel has now stopped making smartphone chips and is instead focusing on growth in the internet of things, server, automotive, and other markets. The White House hailed the completion of the factory as a positive development. Trump called the announcement a "great thing" for Arizona. "We're very happy, and I can tell you, the people of Arizona are very happy," he added. Intel's announcement is the latest in a "wave of economic optimism" since Trump took office, Sean Spicer, White House press secretary, said later. Outside the U.S., Intel also operates factories in China, Vietnam, Malaysia, Israel, and Ireland. Many of Intel's chip design takes place in Israel, and the company is making its latest Optane memory chips in Dalian, China. Intel regularly establishes new factories to create smaller, powerful and more power-efficient chips. The 7-nm factory is a big investment and could lead toward longer battery life to smaller devices. The 7-nm chips will be made for PCs, sensors, and other high-tech devices. The chips will "enable things like artificial intelligence, more advanced cars and transportation services, breakthroughs in medical research and treatment, and more," Krzanich said in an email to Intel's employees. Two weeks ago, Intel said it was establishing a pilot 7-nm plant to manufacture test chips. Intel currently ships 14-nm PC, server, and IoT chips, and is expected to start shipping its first 10-nm PC chips code-named Cannonlake by the end of the year. The announcement also gives a time frame for when Intel will make its first 7-nm chips. Intel will likely release three or more chip architectures on the 10-nm process, like it has with 14-nm, before switching over to 7-nm. The 7-nm could also introduce new tools like EUV (extreme ultraviolet), which will help make finer chips, and materials like gallium-nitride (GaN) in chips. How Organisations are Grappling with the Security “Gap Of Grief” More from RSA Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next Symantec pushes for channel unity with new partner program Microsoft hasn't moved the Windows 10 needle in months Top 10 IT industry predictions for Australia ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Top 10 IT industry predictions for Australia Digital transformation is expected to attain "macroeconomic scale" over the next few years, changing the way enterprises in Australia operate and reshaping the local economy. As a result, IDC has published its top 10 technology predictions for the local market, as local businesses and IT partners enter a future dominated by the "digital transformation economy". Top 10 IT industry predictions for Australia Examining the changing job scene in the Aussie channel Typically, the New Year brings new opportunities for personnel within the Australian channel. 2017 started no differently, with a host of appointments, departures and reshuffles across vendor, distributor and reseller businesses. As a result, the job scene across Australia has changed - here’s a run down of who is working where in the year ahead… Examining the changing job scene in the Aussie channel ​Top 15 Aussie tech storylines to follow in 2017 The New Year brings the usual new round of humdrum technology predictions, glaringly general, unashamedly safe and perpetually predictable. But while the industry no longer sees value in “cloud is now the norm” type projections, value can be found in following developments of the year previous, analysing behaviours and patterns to formulate a plan for the 12 months ahead. Consequently, here’s the top tech storylines to follow in Australia during 2017. ​Top 15 Aussie tech storylines to follow in 2017 iasset.com is a channel management ecosystem that automates all major aspects of the entire sales, marketing and service process, including data tracking, integrated learning, knowledge management and product lifecycle management. Related Whitepapers How to Plan For Disaster Recovery D-Link Case Study: Simple and Scalable Network Solutions for Medical Professionals and Visiting Clients Datto’s State of Channel APAC Ransomware Report D-Link Case Study: A Reliable and Robust Campuswide Network Solution at a Reasonable Cost Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ​How partners can help CIOs build trust in digital government   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News Feb 10 Banking and securities’ IT spend to hit $14.8B in Australia Feb 10 ISPs put on alert over broadband speed claims Feb 10 NetComm’s NBN deal delivers $28m revenue injection Feb 10 Microsoft hasn't moved the Windows 10 needle in months More News ​Double executive departure rocks Quest Software ​Day of reckoning still to come despite Dell EMC partner program launch ARN Events 21 Feb BigTec - Sydney 01 Mar BigTec - Melbourne 14 Mar WIICTA Alumnae Q1 2017 Industry Events 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017 EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Intel CEO joins Trump to tout US chip factory By Afp Published: 17:02 EST, 8 February 2017 | Updated: 17:02 EST, 8 February 2017 e-mail 8 shares US tech giant Intel unveiled plans Wednesday for a $7 billion chip factory in Arizona, in an announcement at the White House with President Donald Trump. While Trump appeared to take credit for the plan, Intel called the investment an "update" of a 2011 plan to invest $5 billion for the same facility in the southeastern US state. An Intel spokesman said the initial plan had not been completed due to lack of demand, and that Wednesday's move represented a "new" investment of $7 billion. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich (L) speaks following a meeting with US President Donald Trump (2nd L) in the Oval Office of the White House on February 8, 2017 ©MANDEL NGAN (AFP) It marked the latest in a string of such announcements since Trump began pressing companies to create more American jobs and reverse the trend of offshore manufacturing. "Intel is very proud of the fact that the majority of our manufacturing is here in the US and the majority of our research and development is here in the US, while over 80 percent of what we sell is sold outside of the US," chief executive Brian Krzanich said at a White House event with Trump. The company said the Arizona plant would produce "the most advanced 7-nanometer semiconductor chips on the planet" and directly lead to 3,000 "high-tech, high-wage jobs" at Intel. With the indirect impact, the company said an estimated 10,000 jobs would result from the factory. Trump said Krzanich "called a few weeks ago and said, we want to do a very big announcement having to do with our country, but also having to do mostly with Arizona, and the jobs and the great technology that will be produced." He called the investment a "great thing for Arizona," and added, "it's a lot of jobs." Krzanich acknowledged that "we've been working on this factory for several years" but "held off actually doing this investment until now." Asked if the decision came in response to the new president's actions, he said, "It's really in support of the tax and regulatory policies that we see the administration pushing forward that really make it advantageous to do manufacturing in the US." The announcement came in spite of a deepening rift between the new Trump administration and the tech sector over a White House order barring entry to refugees and nationals from seven Muslim-majority countries. Intel joined a group of over 120 tech and other firms backing a court challenge to the travel ban -- which is currently suspended. Tech companies have fiercely opposed the move, saying it would hurt the effort to hire and retain skilled employees from around the world and potentially break up families. The sector relies heavily on foreign-born scientists and engineers. Share or comment on this article e-mail 8 shares Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments500+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Wonkblog The unanswered question in Trump’s announcement of a $7 billion Intel investment The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Ana Swanson By Ana Swanson February 8 Follow @anaswanson In a visit with President Trump at the White House, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich announced that his company will invest $7 billion in an Arizona factory. The factory will employ 3,000 people at its peak, Krzanich said. (Video: Reuters / Photo: AP) President Trump met with Brian Krzanich, the chief executive of U.S.-based technology company Intel, on Wednesday to announce a $7 billion investment in an advanced computer chip factory in Chandler, Ariz. Speaking from the president’s side in the Oval Office, Krzanich said the facility, called Fab 42, would employ 3,000 people at its peak and indirectly create 10,000 jobs in the Arizona area in support of the factory. In remarks to the press, Trump called Intel a “great, great company” and a “great thing for Arizona.” "Brian called a few weeks ago and said 'We want to do a very big announcement having to do with our country, but also having to do mostly with Arizona and the jobs and the great technology that will be produced,'" Trump said. In his remarks, Krzanich echoed the president’s broader economic message, of employing Americans and increasing exports rather than imports. “Intel is very proud of the fact that a majority of our manufacturing is here in the U.S., and the majority of or research and development is here in the U.S., while over 80 percent of what we sell is sold outside of the U.S.," Krzanich said. Krzanich said the company had decided to make the announcement in response to Trump's business-friendly policies on taxes and regulation. But some analysts raised the question of whether the company would have made the investment sooner or later. “This would have happened anyway. This was always part of their plan,” said Jim McGregor, an analyst at Tirias Research in Phoenix. “But obviously the current administration and Intel are going to try to get some political gain out of it.” [Donald Trump’s plan to bring jobs back to America comes with one giant asterisk] McGregor said the announcement was a positive sign for Intel, but not a significant change in strategy or policy. He described Intel and other chipmakers as having a rotation cycle, in which they periodically update, build and shutter facilities. The Chandler facility has featured prominently in American politics before. A company executive originally announced the factory in February 2011, after giving a tour of Intel’s Hilsboro, Ore. plant to then-president Barack Obama. In Jan. 2012, Obama visited the Chandler construction site on a tour of potential swing states in the election later that year, using it as a backdrop for a speech in which he talked about a vision for an economy built on American manufacturing. “When this factory is finished, Intel will employ around 1,000 men and women,” Obama said. “As an American, I’m proud of companies like Intel, who create jobs here.” In 2014, Intel announced it would postpone the facility's opening amid decreased global demand for its products, the Oregonian reported at the time. For years, the factory has stood as an empty shell while Intel focused on other facilities. It's not clear when Intel ultimately planned to bring the Chandler facility online, but the company likely would have completed its investment in Chandler at some point, analysts said. Furthermore, as Intel invests in Arizona, it’s also likely to retire older facilities in other areas — including perhaps an aging factory in Rio Rancho, N.M., said McGregor. The Chandler facility will be completed in three to four years, Intel announced on Wednesday. In his remarks, Krzanich said Intel had been working on the factory for several years, but had “held off actually doing this investment until now.” In response to a question from the press, he said Intel had decided to make its announcement in support of the administration’s tax and regulatory policies that “really make it advantageous to do manufacturing in the U.S.” Krzanich also took aim at past government policies, saying that his company had been able to achieve its success despite regulatory and tax policies that “disadvantaged us in the past relative to the competition we have across the world.” “The president and the administration’s commitment to tax reform, smart regulation and deregulation and a general attitude of 'make it in America' has given them the confidence and the will to move forward,” said Reed Cordish, assistant to the president. [The places in America most exposed to a trade war] Pointing out that the product was high-tech, cutting-edge technology, Cordish added, “It’s a wonderful statement for where we’re heading, bringing manufacturing back to America, creating 21st century jobs in America and the feeling of optimism and confidence that CEOs all over the country are showing and a validation of the president’s policies and views.” Intel joined more than 100 companies to file a legal brief opposing Trump’s Jan. 27 executive order, which barred entrants to the United States from seven majority-Muslim countries. In a letter to employees about the investment on Wednesday, Krzanich briefly mentioned the controversy. “When we disagree, we don’t walk away. We believe that we must be part of the conversation to voice our views on key issues such as immigration, H1B visas and other policies that are essential to innovation.”   Since Trump won the election, numerous companies have announced plans to create or retain jobs in the United States. Yet some analysts have charged that many of these plans were in the works before the election, or had come at significant cost to taxpayers. In November, air conditioning company Carrier announced it would keep hundreds of factory jobs in the United States that were slated to move to Mexico. While Trump celebrated the announcement as a win, later reporting revealed that Indiana had agreed to give the company up to $7 million in tax credits. In December, when Japanese corporate giant SoftBank announced it would invest $50 billion and create 50,000 new jobs, analysts said that those funds likely would have been destined for the United States anyway. Intel’s stock rose after the announcement but pared gains before the market closed. The stock ended the day up just 0.08 percent, underperforming overall gains by the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite. As sun streamed in the windows of the Oval Office on Wednesday, Trump invited Krzanich to introduce Intel’s product. Krzanich held up a shiny, reflective wafer that would be built in the Chandler factory and repeated Intel’s slogan for the cameras. When asked if Intel would bring jobs back to the United States that are currently overseas, Krzanich did not directly answer the question, saying “this position is actually about growth and new jobs in the U.S.” Much of the company’s manufacturing is U.S.-based, though it also has facilities in Ireland, Israel and China. See also: Now we know how much a handshake with Donald Trump is worth on Wall Street Trump says making products in the U.S. is ‘gonna be cheaper.’ Economists disagree. Trump’s administration has a new target on trade — and it’s not China or Mexico business wonkblog true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 500+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Ana Swanson is a reporter for Wonkblog specializing in business, economics, data visualization and China. Follow @anaswanson TOP STORIES Hundreds arrested in immigration enforcement raids in at least six states The raids marked the first large-scale enforcement of Trump’s order to crack down on the millions of immigrants living here illegally. The actions, which officials said targeted known criminals, also netted some immigrants who did not have criminal records — an apparent departure from Obama administration policy. By Lisa Rein, Abigail Hauslohner and Sandhya Somashekhar 7 hours ago Trump considers ‘brand new’ travel ban, taking battle to Supreme Court After an appeals court declined to reinstate the immigration order, White House and Justice Department officials began mulling options: Rewriting the order to restore some aspects of the ban, waging battle in lower courts or taking the case to the Supreme Court. The administration faces a difficult fight to restore the ban but, Trump said, “We will win that battle.” By Matt Zapotosky, Philip Rucker and Rachel Weiner 8 hours ago Republicans tight-lipped on court decision against Trump’s travel ban In bid to contain fallout, Flynn talks with Pence over discussions about sanctions on Russia The vice president had apparently relied on inaccurate accounts from the national security adviser before denying sanctions were discussed with the Russian ambassador. By Greg Miller 5 hours ago The Fix: How much trouble is Flynn in? Listen ‘I would draw a line in the sand’ (Video: Peter Stevenson/Post; photo: AP) Anger over Trump agenda erupts at GOP lawmakers’ town halls Massive demonstrations by constituents are an early indication of how progressive opposition movements are mobilizing. The size and tone of the crowds are feeding Republicans’ worries and Democrats’ view that the GOP agenda, coupled with President Trump’s tone and missteps, have activated voters who may have sat out previous elections. By Kelsey Snell, Paul Schwartzman, Steve Friess and David Weigel 9 hours ago Kellyanne Conway hires a chief of staff, a move that asserts her influence in Trump’s White House By hiring Renee Hudson, a top aide to Rep. Todd Rokita (R-Ind.), Conway is asserting and perhaps growing her influence in the White House, where a coterie of top advisers has been competing for Trump’s ear and over the shape of his agenda. By Philip Rucker and Ashley Parker 6 hours ago The Fix: Add to the list of what Trump is shaking up: Handshakes Analysis: Once again, Trump claims fraud cost him an electoral win. This time, it’s New Hampshire. Share news tips with us confidentially Do you have information the public should know? Here are some ways you can securely send information and documents to Post journalists. Learn more 546 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 How Canada is trying to capitalize on Trump’s immigration executive order 2 NASA took on an unprecedented study of Greenland’s melting. Now, the data are coming in 3 Why Whole Foods is now struggling 4 The Latest: Patriots owner joins Trump, Abe for dinner 5 Temperatures in the Arctic are skyrocketing — for the third time this winter Market Watch DJIA 0.48% NASDAQ 0.33% Get quote Last Update: 02/11/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business wonkblog Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To CNNMoney business culture gadgets future startups To CNNMoney Trumponomics Intel CEO touts $7 billion factory investment in Trump meeting by Seth Fiegerman   @sfiegerman February 8, 2017: 2:55 PM ET Trump meets with Intel CEO On Sunday, Intel told a court that it believed President Trump's immigration order was unconstitutional. On Wednesday, the CEO stood next to Trump in the White House and announced a $7 billion investment in a new U.S. factory. Intel (INTC, Tech30) CEO Brian Krzanich said the investment was "really in support of the tax and regulatory polices that we see the administration pushing forward," which he thinks will be beneficial to domestic manufacturing. The full story is more complicated. Intel previously announced a $5 billion investment in the same Arizona factory with former President Obama in 2011. That money was used to build the "shell" of the factory," but the project was left uncompleted due to a lack of "general demand for the product," according to William Moss, a spokesman for Intel. "We're making this investment now to meet demand that we now expect," Moss told CNNMoney. "That said, we certainly join other companies in supporting the administration's pro business and pro investment goals." While standing by Trump in the Oval Office, Krzanich said the new computer chip factory "will employ approximately 3,000 direct high-paying, high-wage, high-tech jobs at its peak and over 10,000 people in the Arizona area in support of the factory." Trump introduced Krzanich as the CEO of a "great, great company" and stressed the positive impact the investment would have on Arizona jobs. Related: Trump sits down with top Silicon Valley execs The announcement comes just days after Intel joined more than 100 other companies in filing court papers declaring Trump's executive order on immigration to be unconstitutional. "As a company cofounded by an immigrant, we support lawful immigration," Krzanich wrote in a tweet after Trump's executive order imposing a travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries. "We will provide impacted employees with Intel's full support." In an email to employees on Wednesday, Krzanich noted the factory's value to Intel as well as the importance of engaging with governments around the world. "When we disagree, we don't walk away. We believe that we must be part of the conversation to voice our views on key issues such as immigration, H1B visas and other policies that are essential to innovation, Krzanich wrote in the memo, a copy of which was provided to CNNTech. Krzanich was one of about a dozen tech CEOs to meet with then President-elect Trump in December to talk about jobs, a centerpiece of Trump's campaign. Since then, Amazon (AMZN, Tech30) has announced plans to create 100,000 new jobs in the U.S. Apple (AAPL, Tech30) also pumped $1 billion into a massive technology fund from Japan's SoftBank Group, whose founder had previously committed to invest in U.S. hiring. CNNMoney (New York) First published February 8, 2017: 2:55 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending San Francisco is taxing the rich to pay for free community college Nordstrom stock defies Trump Trump faces delicate balancing act between U.S. and foreign airlines Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring credit card balances to a 21-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. AdChoices.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump is 2nd president to tout unfinished Intel factory By Associated Press Published: 17:29 EST, 8 February 2017 | Updated: 17:29 EST, 8 February 2017 e-mail WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump on Wednesday held up Intel's plan to invest more than $7 billion in an Arizona factory as a win for his economic agenda, but it's also a reminder that not all corporate commitments come to fruition. Trump was the second president to celebrate the computer chip maker's attempts to expand its domestic production at the same facility in Chandler, Arizona. In 2012, Obama went to the factory's construction site and celebrated that the plant would produce "some of the fastest and most powerful computer chips on Earth." President Donald Trump looks at Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, holding a silicon wafer, during their meeting in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) "Let's stop rewarding businesses that ship jobs overseas," Obama said at the time. "Let's reward companies like Intel that are investing and creating jobs right here in the United States of America." But by 2014, however, Intel had pulled back from finishing the factory. The company said Wednesday that it expects to open the plant known as "Fab 42" within four years. "We delayed completion to ensure Fab 42 came online when we expected sufficient demand," said William Moss, an Intel spokesman. "We're making this investment now in anticipation of the growth of our business." Like Obama, Trump declared it a win for workers. "We're very happy and I can tell you the people of Arizona are very happy," Trump said. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said in an Oval Office visit with Trump that the factory will employ about 3,000 workers directly —and 10,000 workers in Arizona in support of the factory. Krzanich said he made the announcement from the White House because "it's really in support of the tax and regulatory policies that we see the administration pushing forward." But Intel has not been a universal fan of Trump's policies. It was among the tech companies that filed a legal brief that challenged the president's 90-day ban on travel to the United States from seven Muslim-majority countries. The announcement comes as Intel has shed jobs. It announced last year that it planned to lay off 12,000 workers in a reorganization prompted by a decline in sales of personal computers. That was about 11 percent of the company's workers. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO After Ryzen, AMD has no immediate plan to purge its other PC chips After Ryzen, AMD has no immediate plan to purge its other PC chips AMD is repackaging its existing chips, from FX to Sempron, for mid-to low-end PCs Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 09 February, 2017 08:35 - - - - print email Comments An AMD Athlon or Sempron chip may not drum as much excitement as Ryzen, but loyalty has helped those brands stick around for more than a decade. So what happens to those and other PC processors, like the A-series and FX, when AMD's new Ryzen chips start flooding the market in March? AMD has said the first high-end desktop Ryzen chips will ship in March. For now, AMD plans to make no changes to its lineup of existing chips, a company spokesman said. Instead, the chips will be regrouped to focus on price-sensitive PC buyers. Ryzen-based PCs are expected to be priced at a premium, competing with Intel's top gaming CPUs. The FX chips will not go away once Ryzen arrives, and will be targeted toward budget gamers. The A-series chips -- which were targeted toward a wide range of laptops -- will be much like Intel's Core i3, i5 and Celeron and Pentium processors, which are also targeted at low-end to mid-range laptops and Chromebooks. Unified AM4 socket compatibility helps maintain existing chips and has provided an easy path to Zen-based PC chip upgrade, the spokesman said. For example, the AM4 socket supports Zen chips and the recent 7th Generation A-series chips. Expanding the PC chip lineup will help AMD compete with Intel, from the high-end to low end. AMD is already gaining in the PC market. AMD took x86 chip market share from Intel in 2016. AMD had a 13.6 percent market share in 2016, growing from a 12.7 percent share in 2015. Intel's share was 86.3 percent in 2016, dropping from 87.1 percent in 2015, according to Mercury Research. Strong laptop chip shipments in the second half of 2016 and an inventory purge in 2015 helped AMD grow its market share, said Dean McCarron, principal analyst at Mercury Research. The most vulnerable AMD chips are Athlon and Sempron, which sit on the bottom rung of the company's chip lineup.  Some brands like Phenom have died, but Athlon and Sempron have shown amazing staying power thanks to brand loyalty from home PC builders in Asia, McCarron said. Those chips will be hard to discontinue overnight, McCarron said. "Intel dealt with that in Asia on Pentium. Once it is established, they can't go away," McCarron said. Chips like the Athlon X4 and FX-4300 -- which is cheap to manufacture -- will keep serving customers' needs and will stay in production for some time to come, McCarron said. Also, PC makers need low-end products to segment markets and maintain prices. The price of high-end FX chips helps set a minimum price for Ryzen chips. It also helps retain Ryzen as a high-margin product, which is important for AMD in its pursuit of higher profitability. The low-end chips will also help keep AMD's chip volume active and meet supply agreements. AMD has an agreement with GlobalFoundries to manufacture a certain number of chips each year. Low-end chips are also important to manufacturing. They help amortize manufacturing costs and provide a market for chips with minor defects. It's fairly common for chips to get defects during manufacturing, and those are repackaged into low-end parts. That helps reduce inventory and produces revenue from those chips. AMD can't say it is getting rid of older chips because that would damage partnerships with PC makers and OEMs, said Jim McGregor, principal analyst at Tirias Research. "They can't displace the entire product portfolio over night," McGregor said. But at some point, AMD will have to figure out which ones to chuck. It's likely the chips that are more expensive to manufacture will get the boot. Some chips like high-end FX parts could get the boot as Ryzen chips expand into lower-end gaming PCs. A decision to drop expensive chips and retain cheaper ones would be a cost-saving measure to reduce the manufacturing overhead. "You'll see the transition over the next nine to 12 months to move everything over," McGregor said. AMD has also released Zen-based server chips to succeed the current Opteron server chips. The company has seemingly put the development of ARM-based server chips on hold, and few server makers are using Opteron chips now. AMD will continue making embedded chips, which are used in devices with life spans of up to 10 years. 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AMDARMIntelMercury Research Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Three Ways to Get Started with Hadoop CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Four Reasons To Choose Flash Now EMC Isilon Scale-Out Data Lake Foundation Latest Jobs Group Director Information Services WA General Manager - Strategy VIC Digital Communications Manager NSW Head of Applications VIC SOA Oracle Developer NSW Microsoft Consultant VIC System Engineer SA Android Developer NSW IT Systems Engineer NSW Java Developer NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Microsoft Australia posts $55.9M profit amid top-tier changes ​Fiber Corp execs lash NBN ​Six Challenges CISOs Will Face in 2017 CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Booted up in 1993, this server still runs -- but not for much longer Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow CSO Privacy groups claim FBI hacking operation went too far Microsoft unveils a bonanza of security capabilities Recent WordPress vulnerability used to deface 1.5 million pages How to enable WhatsApp's two-step verification Apple's iCloud saved deleted browser records, security company finds Computerworld Muru-D takes on 'more mature' start-ups with new funding model Stop talking shit about broadband speeds, ACCC tells ISPs NetComm Wireless reaps $28 million windfall from NBN FTTC Microsoft hasn't moved the Windows 10 needle in months 'Fileless malware' attacks, used at banks, have been around for years ARN Banking and securities’ IT spend to hit $14.8B in Australia ISPs put on alert over broadband speed claims NetComm’s NBN deal delivers $28m revenue injection ​Day of reckoning still to come despite Dell EMC partner program launch Avnet expands Lenovo partnership with global training deal Techworld Privacy groups claim FBI hacking operation went too far On land and in space, IoT networks can now cover the planet Ford to pump $1B into AI for driverless cars UPS to spend $18M to install 26,000 new solar panels Microsoft unveils a bonanza of security capabilities CMO Best Super Bowl ads were humorous, finds facial tracking research Volkswagen Group unites customer experience and employee engagement insights Report: Australian organisations lack processes and support to be innovative CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 9 February 2017 ​Data Republic partners with koji to boost FMCG data insights Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'I love all my moms': Hundreds of polygamists and their families led by the 'Sister Wives' descend on the steps of Utah Capitol to demand the legal right to plural marriage Black high school basketball players are harassed by 60 students dressed up for 'Hick Night' chanting 'Build that wall' and 'Get them out of here!' during game World's eighth biggest spammer, who is responsible for sending more than a million spam emails, faces decades in jail after being arrested 'He's gone. He's blue': Frantic 911 call from George Michael's lover reveals that he had been trying to wake him for an hour before calling The Supper Bowl! The Trumps, the Japanese prime minister and his wife are joined by New England Patriots owner for dinner at Mar-a-Lago after the First Family fly to Florida on Air Force One Hundreds of illegal immigrants arrested across six states this week in what officials say are 'routine' roundups of people who would also have been detained under Obama Trump says a 'brand new' immigration order could come as soon as MONDAY - as the White House looks to avoid a Supreme Court fight and craft a new plan From Russia with love: Vladimir Putin 'is considering returning Edward Snowden' to the US as a 'gift' to Trump more than three years after he was granted asylum in Moscow Michael Flynn's top aide is fired from National Security Council as tensions escalate over his discussions with Russian ambassador  Protesters block newly-installed education secretary Betsy DeVos from entering the first school she tries to visit, forcing her to sneak in via a side entrance  That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political Trump laughed and nodded along during the Japanese PM's speech during Friday's press conference because 'he knew what the speech was about' Welcome to the famous White House! Trump pulls in the Japanese prime minister for a bromantic greeting before he takes a very Donald tour of the President's home ahead of a weekend of golf at Mar-a-Lago Getting away from it all! Ivanka carries a purse and wears shoes from her own under fire label as she, Jared and their three young children take their first flight on Air Force One to Mar-a-Lago Gym owner goes after Ivanka Trump on Facebook after finding out the first daughter used an alias to sign up for a class Trump stuns lawmakers by claiming he and former Senator Ayotte would have both won New Hampshire if not for 'thousands of illegal voters who were bused in from out of state' Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show where she denied she's considering a Senate run Parts of Trump 'dirty dossier' HAVE been verified by investigators - but NOT the most salacious details including 'golden shower' claims How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Jared Kushner's younger brother Joshua 'has a preliminary agreement to buy the Miami Marlins baseball team for roughly $1.6billion' Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' Ole Miss student, 21, HEADBUTTS a cop, breaking his nose, as he is taken into a cell for 'robbing a store clerk while high on new drug gravel' Little Caesars creator and Detroit Red Wings and Tigers owner dies aged 87 after amassing a fortune worth $6BILLION Previous Next Intel announces $7 billion investment in Arizona factory and 3,000 new jobs from Oval Office  Intel Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich announced the investment to reporters while standing behind President Donald Trump Was a signal of how corporate America is adapting to a White House that is not reluctant to single out companies for praise or criticism 'Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS! Trump said in a tweet afterward Obama had visited the Arizona factory in 2012 while it was under construction and he was  campaigning for reelection He pointed to it as an example of the potential the U.S. manufacturing industry - factory never opened  By Francesca Chambers, White House Correspondent For Dailymail.com and Reuters Published: 14:30 EST, 8 February 2017 | Updated: 22:41 EST, 8 February 2017 e-mail 275 shares 157 View comments Intel Corp chose the Oval Office as its backdrop to announce a $7 billion investment in a new Arizona semiconductor factory today.  Intel Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich announced the investment to reporters while standing behind President Donald Trump, a signal of how corporate America is adapting to a White House that is not reluctant to single out companies for praise or criticism. 'Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS! #AmericaFirst' Trump said in a tweet afterward. Construction on a plant at the site began during Barack Obama's first term and was abandoned in 2014 before it ever opened. Now Intel says plans to invest in new computing technology there, creating 3,000 jobs when it is up and running. More than 10,000 Arizonians will support the plant, Krzanich said. Scroll down for video  Intel Corp chose the Oval Office as its backdrop to announce a $7 billion investment in a new Arizona semiconductor factory today Trump said Krzanich called him a few weeks ago to say he wanted to meet to make a big announcement. Krzanich noted that Intel has been working on the factory - its third in Arizona - for several years but held off on the investment until now.  He said he wanted to announce it at the White House as a sign of support for the 'tax and regulatory policies that we see the administration pushing forward.' The company said in a release that the plant would be completed in three or four years. In 2014, as Intel put off the opening of a chip factory at the site, a spokesman told Reuters, 'The new construction is going to be left vacant for now and it will be targeted at future technologies.' Obama had visited the Arizona factory in 2012 while campaigning for reelection. He pointed to it as an example of the potential the U.S. manufacturing industry had. Intel planned to make advanced microchips at the site but backed off the project after a 10 percent drop in global PC sales. 'Having hired tens of thousands of people himself, the president's keenly aware of what prevents businesses from being successful and creating jobs in the current economy,' White House spokesman Sean Spicer said. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Trump to pow-wow Thursday with friendly Senate Democrats as... Trump says the border wall is 'getting designed right now'... Share this article Share Intel Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich announced the investment to reporters while standing behind President Donald Trump, a signal of how corporate America is adapting to a White House that is not reluctant to single out companies for praise or criticism Spicer noted as he took a victory lap on behalf of the president that 'President Obama by contrast visited this same factory site, where this factory will be built, during his last reelection visit in 2012, touting the government incentives that was supposed to bring back jobs that had been lost to Asia. 'President Trump knows that for business the real government incentives is the government restraining itself,' he said. 'For too many years Washington has smothered industry in this country under burdens and regulation. This administration has set out to free businesses from constraints of government bureaucracy and regulation.' Trump, a Republican who took office on Jan. 20, campaigned on a promise to push for companies to keep or create jobs in the United States, rather than sending them abroad. Intel announced less than a year ago that it would cut up to 12,000 jobs globally, or 11 percent of its workforce, as it refocused its business towards microchips that power data centers and Internet connected devices and away from the declining personal computer industry it helped found.  Intel's Brian Krzanich (L) shakes hands with Gary Cohn (C), head of the National Economic Council and Reed Cordish, assistant for intragovernmental and technology initiatives.  Cordish told reporters that the announcement was the latest show of confidence from CEOs in this administration and a 'validation of the president's policies and views' 'Intel is very proud of the fact that a majority of our manufacturing is here in the US, and the majority of or research and development is here in the US, while over 80 percent of what we sell is sold outside of the US,' Krzanich said in remarks from the Oval Office. Trump told him, 'We're very happy and I can tell you the people of Arizona are very happy.'  Intel was one of more than 100 companies that joined together to file a legal brief opposing Trump's temporary travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority nations. But that issue did not come up during the Oval Office meeting, said Reed Cordish, a White House official in charge of technology initiatives. Cordish told reporters that the announcement was the latest show of confidence from CEOs in this administration and a 'validation of the president's policies and views.' 'It's a wonderful statement for where we're heading, in terms of bringing manufacturing back to America,' he said.  The White House official said Intel contemplated the investment 'for over four years... even had tried to start' it, and they now 'have the confidence to proceed.' 'They've had this empty property for a long time. So the property's there, and now the will is there,' Cordish said.  Share or comment on this article e-mail 275 shares Most watched News videos Danielle Bregoli throws punches while boarding Spirit Airways Cameraman 'zooms in' on woman's breasts in 'see-through' swimsuit Caught on camera: Bystanders watch topless men fighting in street Moment Lindsay Hoyle and Alex Salmond scream at each other Danielle Bregoli discusses fighting a 'crack head' with her mom 'I don't take no s***': Bus driver kicks drunk man off bus Watch Barack Obama wipe out in kite surfing battle McConnell blocks Warren from reading letter from MLK's wife Footage shows hostile environment that Alexander Blackman endured Melissa McCarthy nails screeching Sean Spicer on SNL Danielle went viral after appearing on Dr Phil in 2016 Moment woman pops open her shirt by flexing her boobs Socialite Tara Palmer-Tomkinson, 45, dies at her London... 'She hit my mom and I need to whoop her right now:'... Barack Obam-AIR! New photos show former president... San Francisco transit janitor who makes more than $250K a... Woman accused of Photoshopping an engaged stranger's face... 'My intestines were out... and she was grabbing hold of... Snow could hit London TONIGHT and it's set to be a white... Chilling moment four women are stranded on a rock in the... Tara's devastating secret illness in her own words: How... Thinking of her breaststroke? Distracted cameraman... The astonishing moment a Zebra's head is left poking out... Bridge of sighs: Disgusted mother, 19, spots a couple... Visiting daddy at work! Ivanka shares sweet snap of her... New male contraceptive jab that works for TWO YEARS:... Iraqi girl, 10, is 'bitten to death' with medieval... Manchester City star John Stones splashes out £3.4million... Mother is sentenced to 16 years in prison for incest,... 92% of left-wing activists live with their parents and... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments (157) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63  Ageless beauty All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Quite a catch Can a mattress help you have better sex? From keeping you cool to the perfect bounce, how your bed could hold the key to your love life SPONSORED Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' granddaughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  13 months old Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame 'The love of my life': Cassadee Pope announces engagement to Rian Dawson with sweet snap as she shows off huge diamond ring Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham Non-stop party Vanderpump Rules' Stassi Schroeder shows off her skivvies in sheer frock at Nicole Miller's NYFW runway show She sat front row at the show on Friday A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Didn't let the snow ruin her trip  Lovebirds! Peter Facinelli and girlfriend Lily Anne Harrison pack on the PDA as they take a stroll in Los Angeles  Seems like things are still quite steamy Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips at a Hollywood hotspot Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man She did her best to keep a low profile Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world She is turning heads She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honoring Tom Petty She can't help but command the spotlight 'We are extremely happy': George Clooney's mom, Nina, gushes over what a 'great' dad her son will make as he and wife Amal expect twins She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA She looked gorgeous as ever New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly fashion week Braving the cold weather Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Seems to have forgotten an item of clothing Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Making a name for herself EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and wanting to meet Trump Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Johnny Depp's ex 'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics She's regularly seen with a fully made up face 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded The America's Got Talent host spoke out 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line She's proud of her figure 'I could die': Mama June Shannon vows there is a 'skinnier person inside' her as she undergoes surgery in new From Not to Hot trailer Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Sweat session with Kourtney and Khloe Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands Spotted out and about in Los Angeles Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Canine companions 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Scary dad Big city pretty! Snooki, JWOWW and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar They were seen getting their glam on Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3am' at West Hollywood bar Out with a friend Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble 36th birthday 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón Loved-up That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party in LA with former Miss USA Rima Fakih...who's the spitting image of his girlfriend Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Ivanka, Jared and their three children take their first flight on Air Force One to Mar-a-Lago as she carries purse and wears shoes from her own embattled label Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Found someone new? Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes' puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Racy outfit The Crown creator is 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the hit drama Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Very similar color palettes Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    Expecting their first child Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man before revealing she has split from husband Doug Hutchison, 56 Blonde reality star is 22 Duggars welcomes 'son' Tyler to the family while celebrating his birthday three months after Jim Bob and Michelle were declared his legal guardians Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Amber Rose and Val Chmerkovskiy 'split' almost five months after falling in love on Dancing With The Stars  Reportedly 'just too different' New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week New hair 'It's truly a miracle': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly on casual outing in Beverly Hills Her dress emphasized her baby bump The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals that he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat following their ugly split Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Classy look Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Used to spend hours reading comments about her appearance  How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk shows bump in sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Bradley Cooper girlfriend Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Backlash over show Trans teen Jazz Jennings is set to get her own DOLL as toy company announces the debut of 'genderless' toy made in the 16 year old's likeness Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' before calling  Call has been leaked Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his baby son River Rocket Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week The 30-year-old Aussie  'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals  top director pressured her to do nude scene - after insisting she needed a nose job It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Family trip! Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her mother and her children Jackson and August South African actress adopted both kids Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  While Kate Spade unveils a Parisian-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up pieces for the modern gal Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show Taking in New York Fashion Week Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Putting their money where their mouth is: Celebs go on shopping sprees at Nordstrom after Trump bashed retailer for dropping Ivanka's clothing line Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Plays a brutal assassin  Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga following her Super Bowl show Color in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  Features 31 outfits Kate and Wills planning a third baby? Harry and Meghan's engagement? Charles facing new embarrassment over Diana? What's going on behind the new hedge  How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Sarah Ferguson is going by her middle name Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in white dress as she cozies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Hang on Sloopy rocker is charged with taking a loaded gun in his carry-on bag on a Delta flight to Atlanta Rick Derringer was flying from Cancun, Mexico Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot Two friends and daughters of A-listers  Movie theater says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Arousing passions Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Adorable photo  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress in Berlin... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars The Girls star, 28. Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the brand at just 12 The Stranger Things star Ivanka's new life in DC: Visits to her kids' new schools, Flywheel classes, meetings with Mark Zuckerberg's wife and weekly date nights with husband Jared 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Chatting on Ellen show   Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name EXCLUSIVE: Anna Nicole's bodyguard 'Big Moe' tells how he frantically tried to revive her and admits he and star's inner circle were 'enablers'  Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at New York Fashion Week Not wanted! NeNe Leakes jets out of New York amid claims RHOA co-stars are angry she's returning with Kim Zolciak Tensions are rising 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Things didn't go to plan 'It's been a double whammy': Whoopi Goldberg says she didn't realize how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths  Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed coat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere EXCLUSIVE Drake spends a whopping $750 on chicken takeouts in a late night visit to Leeds branch of Nando's fast food restaurant in England 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge The hunky Irish actor Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  Beyonce's sister, 30 How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill Showing off some cleavage while playing Gloria  Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' The actor's He Will Not Divide Us exhibit  Managers threatening to sue Blac Chyna for $3m target producers of her reality show with Rob Kardashian They've sent cease and desist letters Rosie O'Donnell transforms into Trump's adviser Steve Bannon on her Twitter profile after volunteering for SNL role Stunning likeness Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked pants and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in an oversized shearling coat after flashing sexy underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in London Can YOU identify these stars from their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Taylor Swift has perfect pair Getting a gift for the grandkids? Amal Clooney's mom Baria is pictured going into a children's bookstore as it's revealed A-listers are expecting twins PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's London apartment  Making an entrance! Fans go wild as The Bold and The Beautiful stars led by Jacqueline MacInnes Wood and Don Diamont make trip Down Under  Chelsea Handler mocks Trump and Ivanka by posing outside the White House clutching Nordstrom bags The talk show queen Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Flashed plenty of skin  When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini dress and matching pajama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty look uncomfortable as they dodge TV show question about Meghan Markle and Prince Harry  NY Giants star Odell Beckham Jr is robbed of shoes, cash and jewelry after 'leaving a bag at a friend's house in Houston' during the Super Bowl 'Well today was a bit warm!' Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts her bikini body at the beach in scorching hot Sydney  The 25-year-old lawyer turned Instagram model  LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorizes with a quirky clutch 'Sadder than any break-up': Lena Dunham talks about final season of her hit show Girls in candid chat on Inside The Actors Studio An emotional time Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Turning heads 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Very exciting news Peekaboo! Emily Ratajkowski flashes side boob while Hailey Baldwin shows off her pert derriere at New York Fashion Week The stunning models  Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cozy up to each other on the red carpet for The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Good genes! Kelsey and Camille Grammer's daughter Mason, 15, struts her stuff on catwalk for NYFW It looks like talent runs in the family She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in support to brand ambassador husband David following email hacking scandal Delighted Matt Damon reveals he was close to tears after George Clooney told him Amal's twin pregnancy secret when she was just 8 weeks along 'I'm in love!': Kourtney Kardashian bonds with niece Dream... and Penelope gets a squeeze in too Enamored with her brother Rob's daughter Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three The hit PBS show Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking Little Mix singer Jade Thirlwall shows off enviably slender figure in racy tour costume... hours after bandmate Jesy Nelson flaunted her abs in saucy underwear  Katie Holmes shimmies up a storm in her fringed Marchesa frock at red-themed NYFW event Whipped her fringed frock into a frenzy Sister summit! TV siblings Jessica Biel, Beverley Mitchell, and Mackenzie Rosman meet up for 7th Heaven reunion It's been ten years  Brit bombshells! Suki Waterhouse goes braless in perilously plunging jumpsuit while Lottie Moss parades her toned legs in sexy mini dress for fashion event 'I have a right to make that judgment': The Bachelor's Nick Viall defends decision to keep free-spirit Corinne on the show Fiery words Bite me! Ariana Grande's brother Frankie chomps on chain as he storms down the runway in head-to-toe glitter during New York Fashion Week  Red hot! Iskra Lawrence displays her sensational curves in figure-hugging scarlet frock as she arrives at star-studded charity catwalk during NYFW Larry Birkhead says daughter Dannielynn is 'fearless' just like her mother Anna Nicole Smith as he opens up about the model on 10th anniversary of her death Kourtney Kardashian meets up with ex Scott Disick after reality star parties poolside with ladies in Miami Spotted at an office in West Hollywood 'I was very much the same': Khloe Kardashian empathizes with 'ride or die' Tiffany Morgan on Revenge Body Reality star's new show     DON'T MISS Legs eleven! Stella Maxwell showcases slim pins in strapless blue mini as she hits runway for La Perla NYFW show Accentuated her features Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  Gal pals! Jenna Dewan Tatum smiles broadly as she spends quality time with daughter Everly The 36-year-old Step Up actress wore a star print mini dress  Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal The 17-year-old student and photographer  'There is certainly a lot more pressure on the girls to be thinner now': Cindy Crawford confesses to loving carbs and needing chocolate 'everyday'  'She's a mom with an insanely busy career': Jennifer Lopez and Drake's hot and heavy romance 'fizzled out' due to hectic schedules Amazingly ab-tatsic! Halle Berry's ex Gabriel Aubry puts on a muscle-bound show as he goes for a run  He got pulses racing with some cardio Good genes! Ashlee Simpson and husband Evan Ross coordinate in denim while running errands with daughter Jagger in LA Paris Jackson bonds with mother Debbie Rowe as she recuperates after finishing chemotherapy Posted a picture of the pair together Runway reveal! Paris Hilton flashes underboob on the Christian Cowan catwalk at NYFW Showcased her perky God-given assets Happy name change day! Khloe Kardashian celebrates no longer being an Odom with a drivers licence cake Dropped her ex husband Lamar Odom's moniker In the navy! Naomi Campbell looks fantastic in a blue nightie-inspired number on catwalk of La Perla NYFW event Beyonce has best seat at this Sunday's Grammy Awards... as Kanye and Bieber skip the 'irrelevant' ceremony Pregnant pop diva 'We're taking it slow': JoJo Fletcher dishes on life off-screen with Jordan Rodgers and shares Galentine's Day party tips with Access Hollywood Live Famously Single...again! Malika Haqq and Ronnie Magro have split after briefly hooking up on the reality show Met on Famously Single Ready FUR the runway! Keri Russell dons distinctive wintry hat and knit jacket for Rag and Bone NYFW party with partner Matthew Rhys So in love! John Legend holds Chrissy Teigen's hand as they take their little daughter Luna out for lunch The couple looked every inch the proud parents That must have been one long massage! Cameron Diaz leaves parlor with marks on her face from head rest after pampering session Mellow Thursday 'Finishing touches to my heart:' Christina Aguilera gives update on her new album with a breathtaking photo Shared a picture of herself sat at her piano Not so Shameless! Emmy Rossum cuts an elegant figure in a patterned silver midi at About Elly screening in New York Hit the red carpet 'I peed on a stick and I'm going to be a mom!' Hills' star Whitney Port reveals she is pregnant with her first child The star announced her big baby news Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumors they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis School's out for winter! Naomi Watts and her lookalike son Alexander, 9, spend a day in the snow as Winter Storm Niko closes schools down To dye for! Ashley Tisdale debuts new dark 'do and shows off her legs in thigh high boots during outing with niece Making her mark with good hair EXCLUSIVE: Chelsea Clinton's husband enjoys an afternoon at a bar with a friend after it's revealed his hedge fund closed last year  Marc Mezvinsky What a stylish squad! Olivia Culpo, Alexa Chung and Leigh Lezark coordinate in neutral tones for Noon By Noor's Fall 2017 fashion show Fashionable beauties A twist on the classic LBD! Courteney Cox shows off her sculpted legs in belted dress for a trip to the salon  Wore a button-up black dress with ballet flats 'Are you being watched?': Emma Watson and Tom Hanks deal with the dark side of technology in new trailer for The Circle It runs in the family! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus rocks stylish black maxi dress at Billboard Power 100 celebration in LA A night to remember Model look! The Bold and the Beautiful's Jacqueline MacInnes Wood channels Gigi Hadid in midriff-baring sweater and drop crotch pants Scandalous! Kerry Washington slips into a sexy leather zip-up dress for Jimmy Kimmel Live Welcomed her second child four months ago Kim Kardashian shares adorable throwback snap of her soccer team... which was coached by her late father Robert Points out herself Mariah Carey 'struggling to sell tickets for upcoming tour' following her disastrous New Year's gig Upcoming tour might be shaping up to be a flop 'He's tense, he's angry, he's p*ssed off': Alec Baldwin tells wife Hilaria that playing President Donald Trump is 'not fun' Making SNL a hit again Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration 'She did a great f***ing job': Selena Quintanilla's widower Chris Perez gushes over Jennifer Lopez's portrayal as he watches Selena film for first time Michael Jackson's cousin Trent claims restraining order filed by aunt Katherine is a result of family money grab Hitting back Joan Smalls stuns in lacy black romper as she rocks runway at La Perla NYFW show She looked absolutely stunning as she strutted down the catwalk 'Stay humble': Sailor Brinkley Cook posts flashback to her childhood after revealing she struggled with body image growing up  She had 'baby fat' Her boogie shoes! Elle King is ready to jive in sparkling platform heels at star studded Grammy celebration in LA The remarkably talented 27-year-old songstress Olivia Palermo takes on New York's snow in a fur coat for fashion duty at Banana Republic The reality star was seen on the streets of New York in a black fur coat Shining star: Jennifer Lopez lights up the stage while paying tribute to her kids during Las Vegas residency concert Instagram video Beaming beauty! Amy Adams shows off toned legs in skintight jeans with a floral top and taupe blazer during shopping trip in LA Bare-faced  DJ Khaled faces lawsuit for allegedly stealing beats for 2016 hit single I Got The Keys featuring Jay Z and Future Rapper has been sued New mom Janet Jackson covers up her post-baby figure with a lavish fur cloak as she steps out in London carrying a $60,000 Hermes bag She's all paid up! Teresa Giudice has completely restored the $414,588 tax debt that was part of her sentence Fraud charges Let's get spiritual! Kourtney Kardashian reunites with former fling Justin Bieber at church after Scott's romps with models She's 37, he's 22 Love Game! Lady Gaga is dating CAA talent agent Christian Carino Mystery man's identity revealed days after they were spotted cozying up Looking a bit of all white! Supermodel Cindy Crawford, 50, shows off her age-defying beauty and svelte frame in a sexy cut-out frock at Sydney event It's official! George Clooney, 55, and wife Amal, 39, are expecting TWINS in June  The human rights lawyer has been showing off a baby bump Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Go find another cause to exploit': Joshua Sasse SLAMMED for his opportunistic 'support' of gay marriage during engagement to Kylie Minogue Madonna arrives home with her newly adopted twins from Malawi who are welcomed to NYC with their first blizzard  The pop star, 58, adopted  four-year-olds  Nina Dobrev puts on a thigh-skimming display in a green patterned minidress as she attends xXx: Return of Xander Cage press event in Beijing   Are you feeling all-white, Rita? Ora trades her VERY busty premiere dress for conservative polo neck as she changes for Fifty Shades afterparty Formula 1 heiress Tamara Ecclestone launches impassioned rant about 'sexualizing breastfeeding' as she continues to nurse Sophia at almost 3  Suddenly shy! Lady Gaga covers her face while leaving the Kardashian's favorite skin care and cosmetic surgery salon Under the radar Lady Gaga sensually drapes herself over car as she rocks thigh-high PVC boots and hot pants in new John Wayne music video Released full version  The Late Late Show's James Corden rolls out Grammys red carpet days ahead of hosting annual music awards Said he was 'honored to be hosting' the show 'I want to be the love interest, I want to put on heels!' OITNB's Danielle Brooks calls for the TV industry to change its stereotypical portrayal of women Debonair Colin Firth shows off his specs appeal as he cuddles up to wife Livia at BAFTA 2017 gala dinner They are still the picture of happiness Pregnant Amanda Seyfried takes her dog out for a walk and pampers herself at the hair salon She was dressed down in a pair of fitted sweats Hillary Clinton was 'replaced on Vogue cover by Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner after election loss' as fashion bible reveals it plans to cover First Lady Under Armour under fire: Celebrity endorsers Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson and Misty Copeland back Steph Curry in disavowing CEO's pro-Trump stance Like mother, like daughter: Actress Ruby Rose bears a striking resemblance to mother in tender Instagram snap Close bond 'I'm flattered': Todd Chrisley welcomes gay rumors while joking he will 'never have a drought' The reality star has been married for 20 years   As Erin Fetherston brings romanticism and ethereality to New York Fashion Week, Tadashi Shoji urges you to leave your inhibitions behind NYFW has begun 'Blame it on the other person!' Mariah Carey dishes break-up advice following split from James Packer The diva spoke about how to get over them Rachel McCord sizzles in teeny tiny bikini for beach photo shoot inspired by those racy Carl's Jr. commercials The 26-year-old actress was seen in Venice, CA 'From its dominant top to its submissive bottom, it's utterly ridiculous': Audience LAUGHS at 'Fifty Shades Darker' screening with critics panning the flick 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel At times downright limp, writes Brian Viner Bristol Palin's husband Dakota Meyer shares photo of himself sporting a 'Hillary For Prison' cap, after she posts a sweet snap of their baby Sailor Grace Reese Witherspoon shares photo of herself posing with lookalike 17-year-old daughter Ava - and leaves the internet baffled about who is who He's Prince Popular! Charles is mobbed by celebrity admirers as he hosts a gala reception for his trust in London Prince Charles was the life and soul of the party 'They don't like hearing that back home': Ruby Rose hints at tall poppy syndrome in Australia saying she'll 'get in trouble' for calling herself 'famous' Kylie Minogue shows Joshua Sasse what he's missing as she reclines on a bed in a tiny satin nightie in her first photoshoot since split from ex-fiancé Jubilant Rocco Ritchie steps out with girlfriend Kim Turnbull... as he celebrates becoming a big brother again after mum Madonna's adoption The look of love! Anwar Hadid plants a kiss on new girlfriend Nicola Peltz...as he supports sisters Gigi and Bella at Tommy Hilfiger show New couple 'Never say never': Actress Miranda Otto teases Kiefer Sutherland's return as Jack Bauer in new 24 spinoff series Fans could be in for treat 'It's a bizarre situation': Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian still living separately despite engagement and have not discussed wedding details Sports Illustrated's Hailey Clauson teases a glimpse of her ample bust as she models VERY raunchy swimsuit Used just her hands to protect her modest SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Sting's son's support act for sleepy dad: Bassist grabs some shut eye by using his shoulder as a head rest  'I was completely freaking out': Kelly Clarkson reveals she had a CANCER scare on the day of her first Grammy Awards win Opening up for first time  Selena Gomez continues her chic fashion streak in long white coat and black boots in snowy New York Has new Netflix show 'It feels like a racial issue': Jason Derulo slams American Airlines after being 'disrespected' by captain and met with 15 cops after disembarking 'I've always been a believer honest, frank conversations': Brooke Shields lands her own radio show on SiriusXM Something different for the 51-year-old actress  Viva Forever! Busy Philipps shares throwback snap of herself embracing Spice Girl glamour in 1998 The 37-year-old chanelling girl group Christie Brinkley's ex, 58, pictured cuddling up to a 21-year-old college student who he pursued through Instagram and she's just three years older than his daughter Today's headlines Most Read 'I love all my moms': Hundreds of polygamists led by the family from 'Sister Wives' descend on steps of Utah... Black high school basketball players are harassed by 60 students dressed up for 'Hick Night' chanting 'Build... World's eighth biggest spammer, who is responsible for sending more than a million spam emails, faces... 'He's gone. He's blue': Leaked recording of Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that George Michael's... The Supper Bowl! The Trumps, the Japanese prime minister and his wife are joined by New England Patriots... Hundreds of illegal immigrants arrested across six states this week in what officials say are 'routine'... Trump says a 'brand new' immigration order could come as soon as MONDAY – as the White House looks to avoid... From Russia with love: Putin 'considering returning Edward Snowden' to the US as a 'gift' to Trump Michael Flynn's top aide is fired from National Security Council as tensions escalate over his discussions... Protesters block newly-installed education secretary Betsy DeVos from entering the first school she tries to... That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall'... Trump laughed and nodded along during the Japanese PM's speech during Friday's press conference because 'he... Trump pulls in Japanese prime minister for a handhold as Shinzo Abe arrives at White House for bilateral... Getting away from it all! Ivanka carries a purse and wears shoes from her own under fire label as she, Jared... Gym owner goes after Ivanka Trump on Facebook after finding out the first daughter used an alias to sign up... Trump stuns lawmakers by claiming he and former Senator Ayotte would have both won New Hampshire if not for... Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food... Parts of Trump 'dirty dossier' HAVE been verified by investigators - but NOT the most salacious details... How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and... Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley... Jared Kushner's younger brother Joshua 'has a preliminary agreement to buy the Miami Marlins baseball team... Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' Ole Miss student, 21, HEADBUTTS a cop, breaking his nose, as he is taken into a cell for 'robbing a store... Little Caesars creator and Detroit Red Wings and Tigers owner dies aged 87 after amassing a fortune worth... Babysitter, 28, who took two kids to rob a Colorado bank because she needed money to pay fines for another... 'He put a chain around my neck': Woman held captive for two months in a metal shipping crate breaks her... The 'selfie paradox': Study finds people hate looking at them on other people's feeds - but still post their... Upping your intake of fruit and vegetables can improve your mood within just TWO weeks, study finds Bounty hunters chasing immigrants on horses, a 110-mile razor fence and bans on new mosques: ANDREW MALONE... MORE HEADLINES Furious wife frogmarches a love rival NAKED through the streets after catching her in bed with her husband  Screaming in pain in front of a cheering crowd before collapsing in agony, a woman is lashed with a cane in rare footage of Indonesia's brutal Sharia law punishment Trump says a 'brand new' immigration order could come as soon as MONDAY – as the White House looks to avoid a Supreme Court fight and craft a new plan The Supper Bowl! The Trumps, the Japanese prime minister and his wife are joined by New England Patriots owner for dinner at Mar-a-Lago after the First Family fly to Florida on Air Force One ISIS guard reveals he quit the group after witnessing a 15-year-old sex slave raped so horrifically that she bled to death Gym owner goes after Ivanka Trump on Facebook after finding out the first daughter used an alias to sign up for a class Protesters block newly-installed education secretary Betsy DeVos from entering the first school she tries to visit, forcing her to sneak in via a side entrance  EXCLUSIVE: 'I am haunted by the moment I saw her slipping away.' Anna Nicole Smith's bodyguard 'Big Moe' tells how he frantically tried to revive her and admits he and star's inner circle were 'enablers'  'He put a chain around my neck': Woman held captive for two months in a metal shipping crate breaks her silence about being raped and tortured by a suspected serial killer White Louisiana judge is banned from a local restaurant after he 'called a black customer the N-word' College freshman, 18, is found dead in her dorm room after a night of binge-drinking vodka and 'pre-gaming' with champagne 'It's truly a miracle': Britney Spears and family rejoice as Jamie Lynn's daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Ivanka's new life in DC: Visits to her children's new schools, Flywheel classes, private meetings with Mark Zuckerberg's wife Priscilla Chan and weekly date nights with husband Jared Cash Me Ousside girl's father speaks: Florida Sheriff's deputy who had stormy relationship with teen's mother says he is 'appalled' by the videos as she reappears on Dr Phil Why you should never annoy an elephant! Tourist who tried to wash beast’s trunk is sent flying through the air in display of incredible power (and rage) Snakes alive! Terrifying moment a wild Cobra HEADBUTTS a window to get at kittens cowering inside No point in shoveling out! ANOTHER storm is set to hit the Northeast just three days after storm dropped up to two feet of snow on the region  EXCLUSIVE: Child sex abuse victim who sued Netflix for 're-traumatizing' her by releasing a documentary on human trafficking using her real name and personal photos has dropped the suit in what her lawyer calls a 'strategic decision' From Russia with love: Putin 'considering returning Edward Snowden' to the US as a 'gift' to Trump Every day's a school day for these kids! Family of five move into a disused SCHOOL BUS which they bought for $3,000 and converted into their home  'Ever since her death, she sends me butterflies': Anna Nicole Smith's daughter Dannielynn reveals how the mother she never knew stays close to her heart on 10th anniversary of her death Kate and Wills planning a third baby? Harry and Meghan's engagement? Charles facing new embarrassment over Diana? What's really going on behind the royals' new £20,000 hedge  Two Afghans are arrested after 'trapping two girls in a swimming pool water-chute so they could sexually abuse them' in latest alleged migrant sex attack Ole Miss student, 21, HEADBUTTS a cop, breaking his nose, as he is taken into a cell for 'robbing a store clerk while high on new drug gravel'  Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Woman, 80, was stopped by the TSA because her cane concealed a SWORD - and she had no idea How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) 'He's gone. He's blue': Leaked recording of Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that George Michael's lover had 'been trying to wake the singer for an HOUR' before finally calling an ambulance  Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 percent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Workforce > Intel $7 Billion Semiconductor Factory in Arizona to Create 10,000 Jobs Intel $7 Billion Semiconductor Factory in Arizona to Create 10,000 Jobs Feb 8, 2017 IW Staff EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Intel is America’s largest high-technology capital expenditure investor ($5.1 billion in the U.S. 2015) and its third largest investor in global R&D ($12.1 billion in 2015). Advertisement In what is being billed at the “most advanced semiconductor factory in the world,” Intel Corp. (IW 500/20) announced on February 8  plans to invest more than $7 billion to complete Fab 42. The high-volume factory is in Chandler, Ariz., and is targeted to use the 7 nanometer (nm) manufacturing process. It will produce microprocessors to power data centers and hundreds of millions of smart and connected devices worldwide. The announcement was made by Intel CEO Brian Krzanich  and President Donald Trump at the White House. “Intel’s business continues to grow and investment in manufacturing capacity and R&D ensures that the pace of Moore’s law continues to march on, fueling technology innovations the world loves and depends on,” said Krzanich. “This factory will help the U.S. maintain its position as the global leader in the semiconductor industry.” The completion of Fab 42 in 3 to 4 years will directly create approximately 3,000 high-tech, high-wage Intel jobs for process engineers, equipment technicians, and facilities-support engineers and technicians who will work at the site. Combined with the indirect impact on businesses that will help support the factory’s operations, Fab 42 is expected to create more than 10,000 total long-term jobs in Arizona.  “Intel is a global manufacturing and technology company, yet we think of ourselves as a leading American innovation enterprise,” Krzanich added. “America has a unique combination of talent, a vibrant business environment and access to global markets, which has enabled U.S. companies like Intel to foster economic growth and innovation. Our factories support jobs -- high-wage, high-tech manufacturing jobs that are the economic engines of the states where they are located.” Popular Now Achieving Competitive Advantage Through Supply Chain Management The Industrial Internet: Six Ways Manufacturers Can Fuse Big Data, Automation and IoT for Better Operations 5 Key Trends Impacting the Aerospace Sector and What They Mean for Growth Intel is America’s largest high-technology capital expenditure investor ($5.1 billion in the U.S. 2015) and its third largest investor in global R&D ($12.1 billion in 2015). The majority of Intel’s manufacturing and R&D is in the United States. As a result, Intel employs more than 50,000 people in the United States, while directly supporting almost half a million other U.S. jobs across a range of industries, including semiconductor tooling, software, logistics, channels, OEMs and other manufacturers that incorporate our products into theirs. The 7 nm semiconductor manufacturing process targeted for Fab 42 represents the future of Moore’s Law. In 1968 Intel co-founder Gordon Moore predicted that computing power will become significantly more capable and yet cost less year after year. The chips made on the 7 nm process will power the most sophisticated computers, data centers, sensors and other high-tech devices, and enable things like artificial intelligence, more advanced cars and transportation services, breakthroughs in medical research and treatment, and more. These are areas that depend upon having the highest amount of computing power, access to the fastest networks, the most data storage, the smallest chip sizes, and other benefits that come from advancing Moore’s Law. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Related Articles Walmart to Create 10,000 Jobs, Invest $6.8 Billion in US 2 Boeing's $1 Billion Expansion in South Carolina to Create 2,000 Jobs General Motors Hiring 1,000 IT Workers for New Arizona Innovation Center HCL Technologies to Add 10,000 Jobs Over Next 5 Years Intel to Invest $5 Billion in New Arizona Plant THE LATEST Ford to Invest $1 Billion in Pittsburgh Artificial Intelligence Startup Small Firms Are Better Partners than Holding Companies Top 10 States Most Affected by Potential Trade Issues with Mexico Is Your Team Trusting or Just Polite? China Exports Surge Tainted by Fears of Trade Turmoil Apple CEO Cook: Britain Will Be ‘Just Fine’ Post-Brexit More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Feb 7, 2017 Exclusive IndustryWeek An Old Company Stitches Together a New Perspective 1 The Merrow Sewing Machine Co. was old, analog and grappling with its identity after 165 years as a market leader when Charlie Merrow and his brother, Owen, bought back the company in 2003. Since then, the seventh generation of Merrows has used lots of tech, namely cloud, to bring it into the 21st century and drastically change its business model....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Biggest US Asphalt Plant Shuts Just as Trump Plans Road Building An Old Company Stitches Together a New Perspective Why It's Not Too Late to Build Your Own Industrial Internet Platform Intel $7 Billion Semiconductor Factory in Arizona to Create 10,000 Jobs The 2016 IndustryWeek Best Plants Award Winners: Excellence in Manufacturing IW Webinars How the Cloud and Analytics Improve Manufacturers' Bottom Lines Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Manufacturing Flash Forward: A Preview of 2017's Top 17 Issues, in 17 Minutes The Additive Cyber Risk of Additive Manufacturing: Six Steps Towards Greater Security in the Supply Chain The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Cloud Evolves From Point Solution To Strategic Enabler Of The New Connected Economy  Cloud ERP Gets 43 Percent Faster Payback Embrace Disruptive Innovation with Cloud ERP The Rise of Smart Operations: Reaching New Levels of Operational Excellence Quality in the Age of the Customer More   Advertisement More from EHS Today Work Safety Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Latest News Dow 20,269 +96.97 +0.48% Nasdaq 5,734 +18.95 +0.33% S&P 500 2,316 +8.23 +0.36% 2/10 Updated Trump may be playing with fire by only getting 4 to 5 hours sleep every night 2/10 Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. 2/10 Russia considers returning Snowden to U.S. as ‘gift’ to Trump: report 2/10 Updated You’ll be smarter about money if you follow these Twitter accounts 2/10 Trump says he is considering new executive order on immigration 2/10 Updated What the average American wedding looks like -- and costs 2/10 Iranians Vilify Trump in Rally Celebrating 1979 Revolution 2/10 Updated This little-noticed phenomenon could make stock picking great again 2/10 Updated Of course actors should freely express political opinions, says actor 2/10 Updated This money-making market bubble is about to burst 2/10 Dan Loeb took new stakes in J.P. Morgan, B. of A. and dumped Allergan 2/10 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Updated Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Why iPhone Singles Pass on Dating Android Users 2/10 Updated Do Trump supporters have a breaking point? 2/10 Updated Treasury yields post a weekly decline as worries about geopolitics weigh 2/10 Trump and Japan's Abe Talk Economics and North Korea 2/10 Why more unmarried couples are buying homes and how to win an Oscar 2/10 Why people are delaying filing their taxes this year 2/10 Trump rally as much about real economy as hopes for stimulus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale Market Extra Get email alerts Nordstrom recovers from Trump’s ‘Terrible!’ tweet in just 4 minutes By Tomi Kilgore Published: Feb 10, 2017 7:25 a.m. ET Share Shares extends gains after Sean Spicer, Kellyanne Conway back President Trump’s tweet Bloomberg By TomiKilgore Reporter and editor Based solely on how Nordstrom Inc.’s stock reacted Wednesday, might other companies now be willing to expose themselves to the Twitter ire of President Donald Trump? Try asking Intel Corp. The high-end department-store chain’s stock took a hit after Trump tweeted, at 10:51 a.m. Eastern time Wednesday, that his daughter Ivanka had been treated “unfairly” by Nordstrom, which dumped her fashion label, citing poor sales. “Terrible!” Trump called it. My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017 The stock JWN, -1.21% was down 0.3% at about $42.65 at 10:50 a.m., then was down as much as 1% at $42.36 within a minute of Trump’s tweet. That post-tweet low was above its intraday low of $42.32, which was hit in the first minute after the open. By 10:55, the stock had bounced back above $42.65, effectively erasing the effect of Trump’s tweet. Although the stock dipped back below $42.65 several times over the course of the next five minutes, by 11 a.m. it was above that level for good. And by 11:01 a.m. the stock had turned positive on the day, and it trended higher thereafter. FactSet White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Wednesday that Trump had every right to tweet at Nordstrom, as the tweet wasn't about promoting a family business but defending his daughter against an attack. Nordstrom closed Wednesday with a gain of more than 4.1%. In comparison, the SPDR S&P Retail exchange-traded fund was up 1.6% XRT, +0.69% and the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.36% inched upward by 0.1%. White House Defends Trump Tweet Against Nordstrom(1:50) White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer defended a tweet by President Trump admonishing Nordstrom over its decision to drop his daughter Ivanka's fashion label, saying Trump 'has every right' to defend his family. Photo: Getty The shares continued to rally Thursday, powering up 4.1% in midday trade, after Trump senior advisor Kellyanne Conway said on Fox News “Go buy Ivanka’s stuff.” Don’t miss: Political endorsement redefined as Kellyanne Conway tells America to buy Ivanka Trump’s fashion brand. Last Friday, Nordstrom said it would stop selling the Ivanka Trump brand but said the move was purely a business decision and not one based on protests or any other political reason. The company told MarketWatch that it culls about 10% of the brands it carries every year. Based on the Ivanka brand’s performance, it said, “we’ve decided not to buy it for this season.” Meanwhile, a positive tweet from Trump wasn’t too helpful for Intel Corp.’s stock INTC, -0.34% on Wednesday. Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS! #AmericaFirst🇺🇸 pic.twitter.com/76lAiSSQ1l— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017 At 2:21 p.m. Eastern time, the chip maker’s stock was trading at $36.43. At 2:22 p.m., Trump praised Intel Chief Executive Brian Krzanich in a tweet for investing $7 billion in American innovation and jobs. Don’t miss: Opinion: Trading on Trump’s tweets would have left you sad and poorer. See also: Opinion: How CEOs can tame Trump and protect your investments. FactSet The stock ticked up to $36.46 shortly thereafter, before selling off within a few minutes and ending at $36.38, for a Wednesday gain of 3 cents but a post-Trump-tweet decline of a nickel. The shares slipped further on Thursday, shedding 0.4% in midday trade. Businesses' Love-Hate Relationship With Trump(1:55) President Donald Trump has businesses on their toes with his public comments, most recently singling out Nordstrom for dropping his daughter Ivanka's clothing line. WSJ's Gerald F. Seib highlights what the business community likes -- and fears -- about the new White House. Photo: AP Trump has also tweeted critically and positively about a number of companies since his election, including Lockheed Martin Corp. LMT, +0.91% , Ford Motor Corp. F, +1.05% and New York Times Co. NYT, +4.75% , and the stocks’ reactions have been mixed. Read more: Some of the best of the Trump stock-trading tweets More from MarketWatch The Best Ways to Use Your Smartphone in the Car Trump voters agree ‘Bowling Green Massacre’ supports travel ban, poll finds This little-noticed phenomenon could make stock picking great again Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References JWN -0.55 -1.21% XRT +0.30 +0.69% SPX +8.23 +0.36% INTC -0.12 -0.34% LMT +2.35 +0.91% F +0.13 +1.05% NYT +0.70 +4.75% Show all references Most Popular Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. Amazon.com takes aim at Victoria’s Secret with its own $10 bras Beastly Nvidia earnings beaten by burden of high expectations Marijuana tax revenue hit $200 million in Colorado as sales pass $1 billion Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. MarketWatch Partner Center Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Nordstrom Inc. U.S.: NYSE: JWN $45.00 -0.55 (-1.21%) Volume 3.1M Open $45.78 High $46.18 Low $44.20 P/E Ratio 24.06 Div Yield 3.29 Market Cap 7.9B SPDR S&P Retail ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XRT $44.04 +0.30 (+0.69%) Volume 13.1M Open $43.93 High $44.15 Low $43.56 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.35 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,316.10 +8.23 (+0.36%) Volume 2.1B Open 2,312 High 2,319 Low 2,311 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Intel Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: INTC $35.34 -0.12 (-0.34%) Volume 43.7M Open $35.26 High $35.43 Low $34.84 P/E Ratio 16.75 Div Yield 2.94 Market Cap 168.0B Lockheed Martin Corp. U.S.: NYSE: LMT $260.55 +2.35 (+0.91%) Volume 740.5K Open $258.48 High $260.92 Low $258.00 P/E Ratio 19.9 Div Yield 2.79 Market Cap 75.6B Ford Motor Co. U.S.: NYSE: F $12.51 +0.13 (+1.05%) Volume 32.4M Open $12.44 High $12.51 Low $12.37 P/E Ratio 6.24 Div Yield 4.8 Market Cap 49.2B New York Times Co. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: NYT $15.45 +0.70 (+4.75%) Volume 1.7M Open $14.90 High $15.50 Low $14.80 P/E Ratio 85.26 Div Yield 1.04 Market Cap 2.4B LatestNews
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Intel CEO stands with Trump to announce $7… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Central California still sinking Girl Scouts robbed Scalped puppy Metallica mansion Raiders to Vegas Rain driving tips Business Technology Intel CEO stands with Trump to announce $7 billion Arizona factory President applauds company on Twitter for innovation and jobs Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) LAS VEGAS, NV – JANUARY 06: Intel Corp. CEO Brian Krzanich shows how many steps he took during a keynote address as tracked by a wearable processor called Curie, a prototype open source computer the size of a button that he unveiled at the 2015 International CES at The Venetian Las Vegas on January 6, 2015 in Las Vegas, Nevada. CES, the world’s largest annual consumer technology trade show, runs through January 9 and is expected to feature 3,600 exhibitors showing off their latest products and services to about 150,000 attendees. (Photo by Ethan Miller/Getty Images) By Ethan Baron | ebaron@bayareanewsgroup.com | PUBLISHED: February 8, 2017 at 12:38 pm | UPDATED: February 8, 2017 at 6:13 pm In the first high-profile move by a Silicon Valley company to publicly support President Donald Trump’s proposed policies, Intel’s CEO on Wednesday announced the company would invest $7 billion in an Arizona factory that would eventually employ 3,000 workers. A spokesman for the Santa Clara chipmaker wouldn’t say if the plan represented a pivot toward Trump, but CEO Brian Krzanich made the announcement during a meeting with the president in the Oval Office. Trump took to Twitter to applaud the plan. “Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS! #AmericaFirst,” Trump tweeted. Intel’s move comes as opposition to the Trump administration gains ground in Silicon Valley and a growing chorus of investors, startups and companies speak out against the administration. Last week Uber CEO Travis Kalanick stepped down from Trump’s business advisory council in the face of protests from employees and the public, and nearly all major Silicon Valley tech firms — including Intel — this week joined legal action against the president’s travel ban. Krzanich, asked during the Oval Office meeting whether the investment to produce semiconductor chips was spurred by something Trump said or did, answered, “It’s really in support of the tax and regulatory policies that we see the administration pushing forward that really make it advantageous to do manufacturing in the U.S.” In an email to employees, Krzanich described a more focused support. “We support the Administration’s policies to level the global playing field and make U.S. manufacturing competitive worldwide through new regulatory standards and investment policies,” he said. Intel spokesman Will Moss wouldn’t say whether Intel’s announcement — made by Krzanich while standing beside Trump — reflected support for the Trump administration. “There’s nothing new about us making substantial investments in the United States,” Moss said. With five plants overseas making and assembling computer chips, Intel has substantial exposure should the White House follow through on proposed plans for import tariffs that would deter foreign manufacturing by U.S. companies. One prominent Trump opponent expressed sympathy for Intel’s difficult position, but warned that a perceived alignment with the president could hurt the company’s brand. “It’s fraught because perception is reality and companies can’t align themselves with Trump or his policies without inadvertently aligning themselves with non-economic policies such as the Muslim ban,” said Shannon Coulter of San Francisco, who co-founded the “Grab Your Wallet” campaign to boycott Trump family products after Trump’s comments about grabbing women went public. “I would really caution any company from aligning itself in any way with the Trump name right now, because to do so, at a brand level means aligning yourself with a bunch of things that are unconstitutional and anti-American, not to mention the alleged sexual assault of women.“ Krzanich linked himself to Trump last year, when he planned to host him at his home in Atherton as the likely Republican presidential nominee. Krzanich later canceled the event, telling a conference he did so because it had turned into a fundraiser. Construction on the Arizona plant, called “Fab 42,” had started in 2011, but work was suspended when PC sales slowed, a decline that also led Intel to announce last year it would slash 12,000 jobs. Former President Barack Obama, touring the factory site in 2012, praised the planned project as a boon for creation of “the next generation of good manufacturing jobs.” It will take three to four years to complete the Arizona facility, Intel said. “This factory will help the U.S. maintain its position as the global leader in the semiconductor industry,” Krzanich said in a statement. “Our factories support jobs — high-wage, high-tech manufacturing jobs that are the economic engines of the states where they are located,” Krzanich said in the statement, echoing many of Trump’s job-creation priorities. In the meeting with Trump, the CEO depicted his firm as a weapon against U.S. trade imbalances with other countries. “Intel is very proud of the fact that the majority of our manufacturing is here in the U.S. and the majority of our research and development is here in the U.S., while over 80 percent of what we sell is sold outside of the U.S.,” Krzanich said. Moss, asked whether the Oval Office announcement conflicted with the firm’s opposition to Trump on the executive order temporarily banning refugees and citizens of seven majority-Muslim nations, said, “When we disagree we don’t walk away. “We think we need to be part of the conversation on issues such as immigration … and other policies that are essential to innovation.” Intel, Coulter said, is in a “tricky” spot. “I have some sympathy for them,” she said. “We know that American jobs are very important and that some companies will need to make decisions like this based on new policies from the White House.” Tags:  Intel Technology Trump Administration Ethan Baron Ethan Baron is a business reporter at The Mercury News, and a native of Silicon Valley before it was Silicon Valley. Baron has worked as a reporter, columnist, editor and photographer in newspapers and magazines for 25 years, covering business, politics, social issues, crime, the environment, outdoor sports, war and humanitarian crises. Follow Ethan Baron @ethanbaron Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Draymond Green’s historic triple double helps Warriors exorcise their Memphis demons Crisis at aging Oroville Dam eases Highway 17 update: One southbound lane reopens following daylong closure Bay Area tech sector’s job growth has rapidly decelerated Giants regret lost chance to oust Cubs in NLDS AT&T Union Votes to Strike, Invoking Trump Jobs Pledge Giants notes: Former teammates react to Sergio Romo signing with Dodgers, Bobby Evans reaches out to Barry Bonds, etc. Bay Area to get a break from rain this weekend, but more storms lining up More in Technology Biz Break: Yelp’s investors yelp in response to company’s outlook February 10, 2017, 2:58 pm Weak new additions of advertisers and a disappointing revenue forecast combine to drive Yelp’s shares down more than 13 percent. Auto workers union denies connection to unhappy Tesla worker February 10, 2017, 8:26 pm The United Automobile Workers deny a charge by Tesla CEO Elon Musk that an unhappy factory worker was really a union employee. UC Berkeley to protect data from science deniers with ‘guerrilla archiving’ February 10, 2017, 1:33 pm DataRescue SF Bay seeks to protect federal data in the public interest from a presidential administration that has expressed scorn for science and claims climate change is a hoax. Prince’s music streams back to Spotify, Apple Music, more on Sunday February 10, 2017, 11:30 am Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Trump touts new jobs as Intel resurrects Arizona chip factory Intel's mothballed Fab 42 is back in business to make next-gen chips. CEO Brian Krzanich uses it to endorse White House efforts to boost US manufacturing. Tech Industry by Stephen Shankland February 8, 2017 5:00 PM PST @stshank Enlarge Image Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, left, stands next to President Donald Trump to announce a next-generation chip factory. CBS News Intel chip factories come and go, but one planned for Arizona has assumed new political importance amid President Donald Trump's attempt to enliven US manufacturing. Intel Chief Executive Brian Krzanich stood by Trump in the White House on Wednesday to announce a plan to resuscitate an Arizona chip factory called Fab 42, boasting of the company's manufacturing prowess and criticizing US regulations. His proximity contrasts with many tech companies' displeasure with the new administration. "Intel is very proud of the fact that the majority of our manufacturing is here in the US and the majority of our research and development is here in the US, while over 80 percent of what we sell is sold outside of the US," Krzanich said. "We've been able to do that even while the regulatory and tax policies have disadvantaged us in the past relative to the competition we've had across the world." Trump tweeted his pleasure at Intel's move: "Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS! #AmericaFirst" Although Intel capitalized on the administration's priorities as a way to publicize the factory, that had nothing to do with the company's actual decision. "We're thrilled to have the recognition for the investment and to be able to show people we're investing in the future of innovation in the US, but it wasn't tied to any specific policy or anything the administration did," Intel spokesman William Moss said. "It's driven because we anticipate demand for the factory along the time frame it'll take us to complete." Intel no doubt would like more favorable regulations in the US, but tight ties with Trump can come with a cost. Uber CEO Travis Kalanick resigned from a Trump economic advisory council after customers uninstalled his company's ride-hailing app en masse in part to protest Uber's cooperation. Elon Musk, CEO of electric carmaker Tesla, hasn't resigned despite similar pushback, but he's also offered some resistance to the Trump administration's fondness for fossil fuels. For example, a tweet Wednesday from Musk pointed toward a Wall Street Journal op-ed seeking a carbon tax to cut greenhouse gas emissions. Intel's investment reawakens an old plant. The company announced Fab 42 in 2011 as part of a $5 billion investment plan that would mean 1,000 new jobs, but mothballed it in 2014 because of slumping chip demand. Now it's back on with a $7 billion plan that will mean 3,000 jobs in three or four years, Intel said. Enlarge Image Intel announced Fab 42 in Chandler, Ariz., in 2011, mothballed it in 2014 and is now set to begin manufacturing chips there in 2020 or 2021. Intel At the White House, Krzanich echoed Trump's speaking style to boast of the plan. "This factory will produce the most powerful computer chips on the planet, powering the best computers, the best data centers, autonomous cars -- the most powerful computing devices on the planet," he said. In an email to employees, he also lent his backing to Trump administration policy. "We support the administration's policies to level the global playing field and make US manufacturing competitive worldwide through new regulatory standards and investment policies," he said. But Intel has also joined Google, Facebook, Apple, Microsoft and dozens of other tech companies that objected to Trump's immigration ban. "When we disagree, we don't walk away," Krzanich said in his email. "We believe that we must be part of the conversation to voice our views on key issues such as immigration, H-1B visas and other policies that are essential to innovation." Trump meets Intel CEO about US jobs and manufacturing Intel CEO Brian Krzanich meets with President Trump at the White House and endorses his administration's efforts to boost US manufacturing. 2:21 Close Drag First published Feb. 8, 12:22 p.m. PT. Update, 5:00 p.m. PT: Adds comment from Intel about the timing of the announcement and administration's involvement in the decision. Solving for XX: The industry seeks to overcome outdated ideas about "women in tech." Crowd Control: A crowdsourced science fiction novel written by CNET readers. Share your voice 0 comments Tags US Tech Policy Tech Industry Computers Brian Krzanich Processors Elon Musk Intel Donald Trump US Tech Policy President Trump's decisions will have a long-term impact on Silicon Valley -- and on how all of us use tech. Feb 9 Trump touts new jobs as Intel resurrects Arizona chip factory Feb 8 ​US border agents might want visitors' Facebook passwords Feb 7 Trump's travel ban is 'unlawful,' tech giants tell court Feb 7 Mind-altering? Kanye deletes tweets defending Trump meeting All US Tech Policy Stories More stories Amazon in Australia: Girt by CNET podcast 98 US appeals court won't reinstate Trump's immigration travel ban Not even Donald Trump can save Twitter Unicorn startup Zenefits nearly halves its staff with layoffs Close   Discuss: Trump touts new jobs as Intel resurrects... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Here's why tech has taken over our relationships CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Don't Miss: CW@50: A look back at Y2K in cartoons 5 new threats to your personal data Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Drive cloning in Windows 10 with free tools The IT-business gap remains 10 ways tech pros can take charge of their professional development Review: Microsoft's Nano Server offers mega advantages More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Windows PCs News Intel repeats Obama-era pledge to invest billions in a new factory In a meeting with Trump, Intel's CEO again says the company will invest billions to make Fab 42 and create jobs By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Feb 8, 2017 12:22 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Intel More like this Intel pursues Moore's Law with plan to make 7-nm chips this year AMD sets up Ryzen chip for a strong start as battle with Intel looms U.S. chipmaker plans new factory in China Video Windows 10 Quick Tips: Getting the most from Cortana Intel CEO Brian Krzanich's meeting with new U.S. president Donald Trump was followed by a big announcement: The company will invest $7 billion over the next three to four years to complete a factory to make 7-nanometer chips. The completion of Fab 42 -- where the chips will be made -- will create about 3,000 jobs in the Chandler, Ariz., area, Intel said. The chipmaker expects to help create 10,000 jobs tied to supporting the activities of Fab 42. Trump has been pushing for more jobs in the U.S. and for bringing manufacturing back to the country. Making the announcement after meeting with Trump amplifies Intel's efforts to promote itself as a jobs creator. But just last year, the company laid off more than 12,000 employees to restructure operations. Also, this isn't the first time Intel has committed to creating jobs and investing billions to make Fab 42. It made a similar announcement in 2011 but then backed off. [ Further reading: The 8080 chip at 40: What's next for the mighty microprocessor? ] In February 2011, then-CEO Paul Otellini announced the company was investing $5 billion to complete Fab 42 to make 14-nm chips and create 4,000 jobs. That announcement was made during former President Barack Obama's visit to an Intel facility in Hillsboro, Ore. Intel slammed the breaks on that plan in 2014 to keep the space available "for unspecified future technology." The construction of Fab 42 began in 2011, but its completion was delayed, William Moss, an Intel spokesman, said in an email. "We're making this investment now in anticipation of the growth of our business," Moss said. In 2011, Intel announced the factory as it expected to grow its mobile device business. But Intel has now stopped making smartphone chips and is instead focusing on growth in the internet of things, server, automotive, and other markets. The White House hailed the completion of the factory as a positive development. Trump called the announcement a "great thing" for Arizona. "We're very happy, and I can tell you, the people of Arizona are very happy," he added. Intel's announcement is the latest in a "wave of economic optimism" since Trump took office, Sean Spicer, White House press secretary, said later. Outside the U.S., Intel also operates factories in China, Vietnam, Malaysia, Israel, and Ireland. Much of Intel's chip design takes place in Israel, and the company is making its latest Optane memory chips in Dalian, China. Intel regularly establishes new factories to create smaller, powerful and more power-efficient chips. The 7-nm factory is a big investment and could lead toward longer battery life to smaller devices. The 7-nm chips will be made for PCs, sensors, and other high-tech devices. The chips will "enable things like artificial intelligence, more advanced cars and transportation services, breakthroughs in medical research and treatment, and more," Krzanich said in an email to Intel's employees. Two weeks ago, Intel said it was establishing a pilot 7-nm plant to manufacture test chips. Intel currently ships 14-nm PC, server, and IoT chips, and is expected to start shipping its first 10-nm PC chips code-named Cannonlake by the end of the year. The announcement also gives a time frame for when Intel will make its first 7-nm chips. Intel will likely release three or more chip architectures on the 10-nm process, like it has with 14-nm, before switching over to 7-nm. The 7-nm could also introduce new tools like extreme ultraviolet, which will help make finer chips, and materials like gallium-nitride in chips. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Windows PCs Computer Processors Prices still climbing for enterprise mobility management software You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Popular Resources White Paper 2015 Latin American Mid-Market Enterprise Communications Platforms Growth Excellence Leadership Award Research/Infographic Sponsored 4 Steps to E-Rate Simplification Research/Infographic Sponsored 5 Ways Cloud Changes Everything Video/Webcast Sponsored Best Practices in Managing Digital Media Rights for the Connected World White Paper Big Data, Bad Data, Good Data: The Link Between Information Governance and Big Data Outcomes Go Top Stories Ford to invest $1B in A.I. startup toward self-driving cars Ford plans to invest $1 billion over the next five years in Argo AI, an artificial intelligence startup... Trump eyes end to an H-1B system that favors largest outsourcers The companies most hurt by the random H-1B distribution system are those that submit only a few... Review: Samsung Chromebook Pro brings touch computing up a notch The Samsung Chromebook Pro is a convertible laptop/tablet that comes with an excellent touch display... How to root out bias in your data Analytics is a top priority for savvy CIOs. But if implicit biases are hiding under the surface of your... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Latest: Trump wishes China a prosperous new year By Associated Press Published: 21:05 EST, 8 February 2017 | Updated: 21:05 EST, 8 February 2017 e-mail WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on President Donald Trump (all times EST): 8:40 p.m. The White House says President Donald Trump has written Chinese President Xi Jinping (shee jihn-peeng) to wish the "Chinese people a happy Lantern Festival and prosperous Year of the Rooster." White House press secretary Sean Spicer speaks during the daily press briefing, Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, at the White House in Washington. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) The White House says Trump wrote Xi to thank him for a congratulatory letter and to express his hopes of developing "a constructive relationship that benefits both the United States and China." Before taking office, Trump questioned the "one-China policy" that shifted U.S. recognition from self-governing Taiwan to China in 1979. He said it was open to negotiation. Trump also wants to pressure Beijing to narrow its trade surplus with the U.S. ___ 6 p.m. First lady Melania Trump has named Anna Cristina Niceta Lloyd as White House social secretary, putting her at the helm of the White House's social events, state dinners and other high-profile gatherings. Mrs. Trump says Niceta Lloyd — who goes by Rickie — brings "solid diplomatic, political and social entertaining experience" to the job. The White House says Niceta Lloyd has worked with both Republicans and Democrats in planning events for the last five presidential inaugurations. She's also assisted the State Department's Office of Protocol with events with several secretaries of state. Mrs. Trump has yet to move to Washington, but she is starting to fill out her staff. She's said she plans to stay in New York while the president's 10-year-old son, Barro, finishes the school year. ___ 5:30 p.m. Donald Trump's Supreme Court nominee has told a Democratic senator that he found the president's attacks on the judiciary "disheartening" and "demoralizing." Sen. Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut disclosed the comments from Judge Neil Gorsuch after meeting with the nominee Wednesday. Trump referred to a Seattle judge who put a stay on his immigrant travel ban as a "so-called judge." Gorsuch's confirmation team confirmed that Gorsuch was referring to that comment and described it as disheartening. Gorsuch is making the rounds in the Senate, drawing praise from Republicans but skepticism from many Democrats, including Blumenthal. ___ 4:30 p.m. Republican Sen. John McCain isn't budging from his assessment that the U.S. raid in Yemen wasn't a success after he was criticized by the White House. McCain says any operation where a $75 million airplane is lost, a Navy SEAL is killed, and there are multiple casualties, including women and children, "cannot be labeled a success." His remarks came after White House spokesman Sean Spicer said anyone who questions the success of the Yemen operation is doing a "disservice" to the life of Navy SEAL Ryan Owens. McCain recalled a failed 1970 mission to rescue U.S. service members held in North Vietnam. He says, "Any connection between success or failure and the heroism of men and women who serve, there is none." ___ 2:50 p.m. White House press secretary Sean Spicer says those who question the success of a deadly U.S. raid in Yemen are doing a "disservice" to the life of a Navy SEAL who was killed in the raid. The comments come after Arizona Sen. John McCain said Tuesday that he wouldn't describe the raid as a success, given the loss of American life. Spicer says the action taken in Yemen was a "huge success" and that any other characterization does a disservice to the life of Ryan Owens, the Navy SEAL who was killed in the assault. Innocent civilians, including children, were also killed in the raid. Three other U.S. service members were wounded. ___ 2:15 p.m. A White House spokesman says President Donald Trump was standing up for his daughter when he posted a tweet criticizing Nordstrom. Trump tweeted that Ivanka Trump was treated "so unfairly" by the department store, which decided to stop selling her clothing and accessory line. White House spokesman Sean Spicer says Trump was responding to an "attack on his daughter." Spicer says Trump is president — and "for people to take out their concern about his actions or executive orders on members of his family, he has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities, their success." Nordstrom did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment about Trump's tweet. ___ 1:10 p.m. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich is at the White House and bringing the kind of economic news that President Donald Trump likes to trumpet: a $7 billion investment in an Intel factory in Arizona. The CEO says in an Oval Office visit with Trump that Intel will be completing the factory and making "the most advanced" chips on the planet." The CEO says the factory will employ about 3,000 workers directly — and 10,000 workers in Arizona in support of the factory. Krzanich says the announcement comes partly in response in part to Trump's tax and regulatory policies. Trump calls the product that Intel will be making is "amazing." ___ 12 p.m. The U.S. military is looking to rent space at Trump Tower for use when President Donald Trump is working in New York City. Pentagon spokesman Army Lt. Col. J.B. Brindle says the Department of Defense is looking for the space "in order to meet official mission requirements." It's not immediately clear how much it would cost the Pentagon to rent space in the 58-story midtown Manhattan tower owned by the Trump Organization. Trump lives in the three-story penthouse. He hasn't returned to New York since taking office on Jan. 20. His wife, Melania, and their young son, Barron, are living there for now. It's customary for the military to obtain space near a president's residence. ___ 11:50 a.m. Organizations opposed to President Donald Trump's executive order on government regulations are suing to block it. The order required federal agencies to identify at least two existing regulations to repeal for every new regulation proposed or issued. The suit contends the order exceeds the president's constitutional authority — and directs agencies to unlawfully repeal rules intended to protect the health and safety of Americans, and the environment. Filing suit are Public Citizen, a consumer advocacy group, the Communications Workers of America and the Natural Resources Defense Council. ___ 11:25 a.m. President Donald Trump isn't happy about Nordstrom's decision to stop selling Ivanka Trump's line of clothing and accessories — and he's tweeting his criticism. Trump says his daughter has "been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom." The president says she's "a great person — always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!" Nordstrom said last week that it would stop selling Ivanka Trump merchandise. The Seattle-based department store chain said the decision was based on the sales performance of the first daughter's brand. Nordstrom hasn't immediately responded to an email seeking comment. Ivanka Trump has formally stepped down from her leadership role with the brand. ___ 9:57 a.m. President Donald Trump is promising "zero tolerance" for violence against law enforcement officers. He tells a group of police chiefs that his administration will give their departments the resources to recruit and retain officers. Trump also says "no one in America should be punished" simply for growing up in a place where violence may be prevalent. And as he has done before, he's singling out Chicago, saying the level of violence in the city cannot be allowed to continue. He says "we've allowed too many young lives to be claimed." When it comes to people who may be living illegally in the United States and involved in criminal activity, the president wants law enforcement and the public to report them to the Department of Homeland Security. In his words — "I want you to turn in the bad ones." ___ 9:40 a.m. President Donald Trump is asserting that had the right to enact his travel ban. He tells a group of police chiefs that his immigration order was "done for the security of our nation." He says the provision supporting the order was written "beautifully" and was within his executive authority. Trump says "a bad high school student would understand this." A federal judge has put the ban on hold, and an appeals court is considering an appeal from the Trump administration. The order includes a temporary travel ban on travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries. While awaiting a decision, Trump says "courts seem to be so political." ___ 7:55 a.m. President Donald Trump is expected to have lunch Thursday with a group of moderate Senate Democrats who could play a key role in his legislative agenda. The lunch is expected to include Sens. Joe Manchin of West Virginia, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, Joe Donnelly of Indiana and Jon Tester of Montana. Trump faces a narrow Republican majority in the Senate and hopes to secure some support among Democrats for his agenda and the confirmation of Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch. All four Senate Democrats face re-election in 2018. The lunch was first reported by USA Today and confirmed by the Senate offices. The White House did not immediately provide details on the lunch, which is also expected to include Republican lawmakers. __ 7: 24 a.m. President Donald Trump is tweeting that if he loses the pending court case over his travel ban, the country "can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled." The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals is weighing the appeal of Trump's executive order on immigration, including a temporary travel ban on those from seven Muslim-majority countries. The appeals court challenged the administration's claim that the ban was motivated by terrorism fears, but it also questioned an attorney's argument that it unconstitutionally targeted Muslims. The president tweeted early Wednesday, "If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!" President Donald Trump looks at Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, holding a silicon wafer, during their meeting in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) FILE - In this March 16, 2016 file photo, Trump Tower is seen in New York. The U.S. military is looking to rent space at Trump Tower for use when President Donald Trump returns to his longtime home in New York City. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) FILE - In this Nov. 11, 2016 file photo, Ivanka Trump, daughter of President-elect Donald Trump, arrives at Trump Tower in New York. Nordstrom shares sunk after President Trump tweeted that the department store chain had treated his daughter ¿so unfairly¿ when it announced last week that it would stop selling Ivanka Trump¿s clothing and accessory line. (AP Photo/ Evan Vucci, File) President Donald Trump speaks to the Major County Sheriffs' Association and Major Cities Chiefs Association, Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, in Washington. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Intel CEO touts $7 billion factory investment in Trump meeting - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Black History Month Social Stream Get Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News Black History Month CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts Win tickets to a Sabres/Penguins Game Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer Black History Month School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Intel CEO touts $7 billion factory investment in Trump meeting Posted: Wednesday, February 8, 2017 3:20 PM EST Updated: Wednesday, February 8, 2017 3:28 PM EST By Seth Fiegerman NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- On Sunday, Intel told a court that it believed President Trump's immigration order was unconstitutional. On Wednesday, the CEO stood next to Trump in the White House and announced a $7 billion investment in a new U.S. factory. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said the investment was "really in support of the tax and regulatory polices that we see the administration pushing forward," which he thinks will be beneficial to domestic manufacturing. The full story is more complicated. Intel previously announced a $5 billion investment in the same Arizona factory with former President Obama in 2011. That money was used to build the "shell" of the factory," but the project was left uncompleted due to a lack of "general demand for the product," according to William Moss, a spokesman for Intel. "We're making this investment now to meet demand that we now expect," Moss told CNNMoney. "That said, we certainly join other companies in supporting the administration's pro business and pro investment goals." While standing by Trump in the Oval Office, Krzanich said the new computer chip factory "will employ approximately 3,000 direct high-paying, high-wage, high-tech jobs at its peak and over 10,000 people in the Arizona area in support of the factory." Trump introduced Krzanich as the CEO of a "great, great company" and stressed the positive impact the investment would have on Arizona jobs. The announcement comes just days after Intel joined more than 100 other companies in filing court papers declaring Trump's executive order on immigration to be unconstitutional. "As a company cofounded by an immigrant, we support lawful immigration," Krzanich wrote in a tweet after Trump's executive order imposing a travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries. "We will provide impacted employees with Intel's full support." In an email to employees on Wednesday, Krzanich noted the factory's value to Intel as well as the importance of engaging with governments around the world. "When we disagree, we don't walk away. We believe that we must be part of the conversation to voice our views on key issues such as immigration, H1B visas and other policies that are essential to innovation, Krzanich wrote in the memo, a copy of which was provided to CNNTech. Krzanich was one of about a dozen tech CEOs to meet with then President-elect Trump in December to talk about jobs, a centerpiece of Trump's campaign. Since then, Amazon has announced plans to create 100,000 new jobs in the U.S. Apple also pumped $1 billion into a massive technology fund from Japan's SoftBank Group, whose founder had previously committed to invest in U.S. hiring. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Intel repeats Obama-era pledge to invest billions in a new factory Intel repeats Obama-era pledge to invest billions in a new factory In a meeting with Trump, Intel's CEO again says the company will invest billions to make Fab 42 and create jobs Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 09 February, 2017 07:02 - - - - print email Comments Intel CEO Brian Krzanich's meeting with new U.S. president Donald Trump was followed by a big announcement: The company will invest US$7 billion over the next three to four years to complete a factory to make 7-nanometer chips. The completion of Fab 42 -- where the chips will be made -- will create about 3,000 jobs in the Chandler, Arizona, area, Intel said. The chipmaker expects to help create 10,000 jobs tied to supporting the activities of Fab 42. Trump has been pushing for more jobs in the U.S. and for bringing manufacturing back to the country. Making the announcement after meeting with Trump amplifies Intel's efforts to promote itself as a jobs creator. But just last year, the company laid off more than 12,000 employees to restructure operations. Also, this isn't the first time Intel has committed to creating jobs and investing billions to make Fab 42. It made a similar announcement in 2011 but then backed off. In February 2011, then-CEO Paul Otellini announced the company was investing $5 billion to complete Fab 42 to make 14-nm chips and create 4,000 jobs. That announcement was made during former President Barack Obama's visit to an Intel facility in Hillsboro, Oregon. Intel slammed the breaks on that plan in 2014 to keep the space available "for unspecified future technology." The construction of Fab 42 began in 2011, but its completion was delayed, William Moss, an Intel spokesman, said in an email. "We're making this investment now in anticipation of the growth of our business," Moss said. In 2011, Intel announced the factory as it expected to grow its mobile device business. But Intel has now stopped making smartphone chips and is instead focusing on growth in the internet of things, server, automotive, and other markets. The White House hailed the completion of the factory as a positive development. Trump called the announcement a "great thing" for Arizona. "We're very happy, and I can tell you, the people of Arizona are very happy," he added. Intel's announcement is the latest in a "wave of economic optimism" since Trump took office, Sean Spicer, White House press secretary, said later. Outside the U.S., Intel also operates factories in China, Vietnam, Malaysia, Israel, and Ireland. Many of Intel's chip design takes place in Israel, and the company is making its latest Optane memory chips in Dalian, China. Intel regularly establishes new factories to create smaller, powerful and more power-efficient chips. The 7-nm factory is a big investment and could lead toward longer battery life to smaller devices. The 7-nm chips will be made for PCs, sensors, and other high-tech devices. The chips will "enable things like artificial intelligence, more advanced cars and transportation services, breakthroughs in medical research and treatment, and more," Krzanich said in an email to Intel's employees. Two weeks ago, Intel said it was establishing a pilot 7-nm plant to manufacture test chips. Intel currently ships 14-nm PC, server, and IoT chips, and is expected to start shipping its first 10-nm PC chips code-named Cannonlake by the end of the year. The announcement also gives a time frame for when Intel will make its first 7-nm chips. Intel will likely release three or more chip architectures on the 10-nm process, like it has with 14-nm, before switching over to 7-nm. The 7-nm could also introduce new tools like EUV (extreme ultraviolet), which will help make finer chips, and materials like gallium-nitride (GaN) in chips. 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about Intel Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Three Ways to Get Started with Hadoop CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Four Reasons To Choose Flash Now EMC Isilon Scale-Out Data Lake Foundation Latest Jobs General Manager - Strategy VIC Digital Communications Manager NSW Group Director Information Services WA Big Data/Hadoop Developer ACT IT Project Coordinator VIC Oracle Forms PL/SQL Analyst Programmer QLD Project Manager - Telco VIC Service Desk Analyst - Level 1 VIC Service Designer (CX) NSW Technical Consultant - SQL Server programming skills ACT Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next HPE called out over service “failure” after ATO systems outage ​Australia Post expands online stores with Alibaba deal ​Six Challenges CISOs Will Face in 2017 CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Booted up in 1993, this server still runs -- but not for much longer Market Place 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). CSO Privacy groups claim FBI hacking operation went too far Microsoft unveils a bonanza of security capabilities Recent WordPress vulnerability used to deface 1.5 million pages How to enable WhatsApp's two-step verification Apple's iCloud saved deleted browser records, security company finds Computerworld Muru-D takes on 'more mature' start-ups with new funding model Stop talking shit about broadband speeds, ACCC tells ISPs NetComm Wireless reaps $28 million windfall from NBN FTTC Microsoft hasn't moved the Windows 10 needle in months 'Fileless malware' attacks, used at banks, have been around for years ARN Banking and securities’ IT spend to hit $14.8B in Australia ISPs put on alert over broadband speed claims NetComm’s NBN deal delivers $28m revenue injection ​Day of reckoning still to come despite Dell EMC partner program launch Avnet expands Lenovo partnership with global training deal Techworld Privacy groups claim FBI hacking operation went too far On land and in space, IoT networks can now cover the planet Ford to pump $1B into AI for driverless cars UPS to spend $18M to install 26,000 new solar panels Microsoft unveils a bonanza of security capabilities CMO Best Super Bowl ads were humorous, finds facial tracking research Volkswagen Group unites customer experience and employee engagement insights Report: Australian organisations lack processes and support to be innovative CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 9 February 2017 ​Data Republic partners with koji to boost FMCG data insights Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business February 8, 2017 9:07 PM The Latest: Trump wishes China a prosperous new year President Donald Trump speaks to the Major County Sheriffs' Association and Major Cities Chiefs Association, Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, in Washington. Evan Vucci AP Photo FILE - In this March 16, 2016 file photo, Trump Tower is seen in New York. The U.S. military is looking to rent space at Trump Tower for use when President Donald Trump returns to his longtime home in New York City. Mark Lennihan, File AP Photo FILE - In this Nov. 11, 2016 file photo, Ivanka Trump, daughter of President-elect Donald Trump, arrives at Trump Tower in New York. Nordstrom shares sunk after President Trump tweeted that the department store chain had treated his daughter “so unfairly” when it announced last week that it would stop selling Ivanka Trump’s clothing and accessory line. Evan Vucci, File AP Photo President Donald Trump looks at Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, holding a silicon wafer, during their meeting in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017. Pablo Martinez Monsivais AP Photo White House press secretary Sean Spicer speaks during the daily press briefing, Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, at the White House in Washington. Evan Vucci AP Photo 1 of 5 i The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON The Latest on President Donald Trump (all times EST): 8:40 p.m. The White House says President Donald Trump has written Chinese President Xi Jinping (shee jihn-peeng) to wish the "Chinese people a happy Lantern Festival and prosperous Year of the Rooster." The White House says Trump wrote Xi to thank him for a congratulatory letter and to express his hopes of developing "a constructive relationship that benefits both the United States and China." Before taking office, Trump questioned the "one-China policy" that shifted U.S. recognition from self-governing Taiwan to China in 1979. He said it was open to negotiation. Trump also wants to pressure Beijing to narrow its trade surplus with the U.S. ___ 6 p.m. First lady Melania Trump has named Anna Cristina Niceta Lloyd as White House social secretary, putting her at the helm of the White House's social events, state dinners and other high-profile gatherings. Mrs. Trump says Niceta Lloyd — who goes by Rickie — brings "solid diplomatic, political and social entertaining experience" to the job. The White House says Niceta Lloyd has worked with both Republicans and Democrats in planning events for the last five presidential inaugurations. She's also assisted the State Department's Office of Protocol with events with several secretaries of state. Mrs. Trump has yet to move to Washington, but she is starting to fill out her staff. She's said she plans to stay in New York while the president's 10-year-old son, Barro, finishes the school year. ___ 5:30 p.m. Donald Trump's Supreme Court nominee has told a Democratic senator that he found the president's attacks on the judiciary "disheartening" and "demoralizing." Sen. Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut disclosed the comments from Judge Neil Gorsuch after meeting with the nominee Wednesday. Trump referred to a Seattle judge who put a stay on his immigrant travel ban as a "so-called judge." Gorsuch's confirmation team confirmed that Gorsuch was referring to that comment and described it as disheartening. Gorsuch is making the rounds in the Senate, drawing praise from Republicans but skepticism from many Democrats, including Blumenthal. ___ 4:30 p.m. Republican Sen. John McCain isn't budging from his assessment that the U.S. raid in Yemen wasn't a success after he was criticized by the White House. McCain says any operation where a $75 million airplane is lost, a Navy SEAL is killed, and there are multiple casualties, including women and children, "cannot be labeled a success." His remarks came after White House spokesman Sean Spicer said anyone who questions the success of the Yemen operation is doing a "disservice" to the life of Navy SEAL Ryan Owens. McCain recalled a failed 1970 mission to rescue U.S. service members held in North Vietnam. He says, "Any connection between success or failure and the heroism of men and women who serve, there is none." ___ 2:50 p.m. White House press secretary Sean Spicer says those who question the success of a deadly U.S. raid in Yemen are doing a "disservice" to the life of a Navy SEAL who was killed in the raid. The comments come after Arizona Sen. John McCain said Tuesday that he wouldn't describe the raid as a success, given the loss of American life. Spicer says the action taken in Yemen was a "huge success" and that any other characterization does a disservice to the life of Ryan Owens, the Navy SEAL who was killed in the assault. Innocent civilians, including children, were also killed in the raid. Three other U.S. service members were wounded. ___ 2:15 p.m. A White House spokesman says President Donald Trump was standing up for his daughter when he posted a tweet criticizing Nordstrom. Trump tweeted that Ivanka Trump was treated "so unfairly" by the department store, which decided to stop selling her clothing and accessory line. White House spokesman Sean Spicer says Trump was responding to an "attack on his daughter." Spicer says Trump is president — and "for people to take out their concern about his actions or executive orders on members of his family, he has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities, their success." Nordstrom did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment about Trump's tweet. ___ 1:10 p.m. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich is at the White House and bringing the kind of economic news that President Donald Trump likes to trumpet: a $7 billion investment in an Intel factory in Arizona. The CEO says in an Oval Office visit with Trump that Intel will be completing the factory and making "the most advanced" chips on the planet." The CEO says the factory will employ about 3,000 workers directly — and 10,000 workers in Arizona in support of the factory. Krzanich says the announcement comes partly in response in part to Trump's tax and regulatory policies. Trump calls the product that Intel will be making is "amazing." ___ 12 p.m. The U.S. military is looking to rent space at Trump Tower for use when President Donald Trump is working in New York City. Pentagon spokesman Army Lt. Col. J.B. Brindle says the Department of Defense is looking for the space "in order to meet official mission requirements." It's not immediately clear how much it would cost the Pentagon to rent space in the 58-story midtown Manhattan tower owned by the Trump Organization. Trump lives in the three-story penthouse. He hasn't returned to New York since taking office on Jan. 20. His wife, Melania, and their young son, Barron, are living there for now. It's customary for the military to obtain space near a president's residence. ___ 11:50 a.m. Organizations opposed to President Donald Trump's executive order on government regulations are suing to block it. The order required federal agencies to identify at least two existing regulations to repeal for every new regulation proposed or issued. The suit contends the order exceeds the president's constitutional authority — and directs agencies to unlawfully repeal rules intended to protect the health and safety of Americans, and the environment. Filing suit are Public Citizen, a consumer advocacy group, the Communications Workers of America and the Natural Resources Defense Council. ___ 11:25 a.m. President Donald Trump isn't happy about Nordstrom's decision to stop selling Ivanka Trump's line of clothing and accessories — and he's tweeting his criticism. Trump says his daughter has "been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom." The president says she's "a great person — always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!" Nordstrom said last week that it would stop selling Ivanka Trump merchandise. The Seattle-based department store chain said the decision was based on the sales performance of the first daughter's brand. Nordstrom hasn't immediately responded to an email seeking comment. Ivanka Trump has formally stepped down from her leadership role with the brand. ___ 9:57 a.m. President Donald Trump is promising "zero tolerance" for violence against law enforcement officers. He tells a group of police chiefs that his administration will give their departments the resources to recruit and retain officers. Trump also says "no one in America should be punished" simply for growing up in a place where violence may be prevalent. And as he has done before, he's singling out Chicago, saying the level of violence in the city cannot be allowed to continue. He says "we've allowed too many young lives to be claimed." When it comes to people who may be living illegally in the United States and involved in criminal activity, the president wants law enforcement and the public to report them to the Department of Homeland Security. In his words — "I want you to turn in the bad ones." ___ 9:40 a.m. President Donald Trump is asserting that had the right to enact his travel ban. He tells a group of police chiefs that his immigration order was "done for the security of our nation." He says the provision supporting the order was written "beautifully" and was within his executive authority. Trump says "a bad high school student would understand this." A federal judge has put the ban on hold, and an appeals court is considering an appeal from the Trump administration. The order includes a temporary travel ban on travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries. While awaiting a decision, Trump says "courts seem to be so political." ___ 7:55 a.m. President Donald Trump is expected to have lunch Thursday with a group of moderate Senate Democrats who could play a key role in his legislative agenda. The lunch is expected to include Sens. Joe Manchin of West Virginia, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, Joe Donnelly of Indiana and Jon Tester of Montana. Trump faces a narrow Republican majority in the Senate and hopes to secure some support among Democrats for his agenda and the confirmation of Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch. All four Senate Democrats face re-election in 2018. The lunch was first reported by USA Today and confirmed by the Senate offices. The White House did not immediately provide details on the lunch, which is also expected to include Republican lawmakers. __ 7: 24 a.m. President Donald Trump is tweeting that if he loses the pending court case over his travel ban, the country "can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled." The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals is weighing the appeal of Trump's executive order on immigration, including a temporary travel ban on those from seven Muslim-majority countries. The appeals court challenged the administration's claim that the ban was motivated by terrorism fears, but it also questioned an attorney's argument that it unconstitutionally targeted Muslims. The president tweeted early Wednesday, "If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!" FILE - In this March 6, 2015 file photo, Ivanka Trump models an outfit following an interview to promote her clothing line in Toronto. Nordstrom said Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, it will stop selling Ivanka Trump clothing and accessories. The Seattle-based department store chain said the decision was based on the sales performance of the first daughter's brand. The Canadian Press via AP Pawel Dwulit i Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 5:03 Miami doctor 'removed from all clinical duties' following attack on Uber driver Pause 2:23 One arrest as protesters block DeVos from D.C. middle school 2:32 Melania Trump's focus as First Lady is to end cyberbullying 8:39 Boy Scouts executive: 'We have not lost our way' 2:41 Heat's Goran Dragic says there's only one other player in the league as versatile as James Johnson 2:30 Heat's James Johnson goes for season-high 26 points in win at Brooklyn 2:08 Critics thrown out of the County Commission chambers 1:47 President Donald Trump's Guantánamo 0:50 Dion Waiters speaks to media after last-second shot beats Golden State Warriors 1:33 Dutch water-management expert advises on sea-level-rise in Miami Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 14 days ago Are you up for the Challenge? 0:42 14 days ago Are you up for the Challenge? 1:05 14 days ago Norwegian's Free At Sea - January 2017 0:41 a month ago Pollo Tropical looks to get back on top View more video Business Here’s how to fix South Florida’s mid-market housing crunch What will $700,000 buy? A new starter home in Coconut Grove Investors, startups to share tips for success at free 2017 Business Plan Bootcamp South Florida trade numbers fall for fourth straight year How to buy a home in South Florida now Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service

Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Intel CEO touts $7 billion factory investment in Trump meeting Intel CEO touts $7 billion factory investment in Trump meeting Posted on Wednesday, February 8, 2017 by CNN in Business News On Sunday, Intel told a court that it believed President Trump’s immigration order was unconstitutional. On Wednesday, the CEO stood next to Trump in the White House and announced a $7 billion investment in a new U.S. factory. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said the investment was “really in support of the tax and regulatory polices that we see the administration pushing forward,” which he thinks will be beneficial to domestic manufacturing. The full story is more complicated. Intel previously announced a $5 billion investment in the same Arizona factory with former President Obama in 2011. That money was used to build the “shell” of the factory,” but the project was left uncompleted due to a lack of “general demand for the product,” according to William Moss, a spokesman for Intel. “We’re making this investment now to meet demand that we now expect,” Moss told CNNMoney. “That said, we certainly join other companies in supporting the administration’s pro business and pro investment goals.” While standing by Trump in the Oval Office, Krzanich said the new computer chip factory “will employ approximately 3,000 direct high-paying, high-wage, high-tech jobs at its peak and over 10,000 people in the Arizona area in support of the factory.” Trump introduced Krzanich as the CEO of a “great, great company” and stressed the positive impact the investment would have on Arizona jobs. The announcement comes just days after Intel joined more than 100 other companies in filing court papers declaring Trump’s executive order on immigration to be unconstitutional. “As a company cofounded by an immigrant, we support lawful immigration,” Krzanich wrote in a tweet after Trump’s executive order imposing a travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries. “We will provide impacted employees with Intel’s full support.” In an email to employees on Wednesday, Krzanich noted the factory’s value to Intel as well as the importance of engaging with governments around the world. “When we disagree, we don’t walk away. We believe that we must be part of the conversation to voice our views on key issues such as immigration, H1B visas and other policies that are essential to innovation, Krzanich wrote in the memo, a copy of which was provided to CNNTech. Krzanich was one of about a dozen tech CEOs to meet with then President-elect Trump in December to talk about jobs, a centerpiece of Trump’s campaign. Since then, Amazon has announced plans to create 100,000 new jobs in the U.S. Apple also pumped $1 billion into a massive technology fund from Japan’s SoftBank Group, whose founder had previously committed to invest in U.S. hiring. Pinterest's new 'Lens' IDs objects and helps you buy them Trump's Nordstrom blast retweeted by @POTUS Related Posts Amazon worth more than Sears, Macy’s and Target combined Ferguson police explores ‘less lethal’ gun attachment Boeing says it created lightest metal ever The company bringing Ford’s original GT40 back to life Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 374 9 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Trump lauds Intel's $7B plan to finish closed plant The plant, mothballed in 2011, now will be completed to make Intel's most cutting-edge chips Post to Facebook Trump lauds Intel's $7B plan to finish closed plant The plant, mothballed in 2011, now will be completed to make Intel's most cutting-edge chips  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kOYXFC {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 46 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Trump lauds Intel's $7B plan to finish closed plant Elizabeth Weise , USATODAY Published 2:14 p.m. ET Feb. 8, 2017 | Updated 8:49 p.m. ET Feb. 8, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share President Trump held up Intel's plan to invest more than $7 billion in an Arizona factory as a win for his economic agenda. The mayor of Chandler simply calls it a win for his city where the plant is expected to generate thousands of jobs. (Feb. 8) AP Intel's fabrication plant 42 in Chandler, Arizona. (Photo: Intel Corp.) 374 CONNECTTWEET 9 LINKEDIN 46 COMMENTEMAILMORE SAN FRANCISCO — Intel CEO Brian Kraznich stood next to President Trump in the Oval Office Wednesday to announce that the chip maker would spend $7 billion to complete a mothballed plant in Chandler, Ariz. that was begun in 2011. The opening of the plant is part of Intel's overall pivot away from the PC market which has taken place over the past few years and is beginning to pay dividends, though some also saw a possible political tint to the timing. Fabrication plant 42 will produce microprocessors and will take between three and four years to come online, creating approximately 3,000 high-tech, high-wage jobs when it opens, Kraznich said. “It will be the most advanced semiconductor manufacturing plant on the planet,” said Stacy Smith, Intel’s head of sales and manufacturing. Intel originally built the plant in 2011-2012, when it spent $5 billion on the facility, but then made the decision not to complete it because of shifts in the semiconductor industry as the public turned away from PCs and towards tablets and smartphones. Shipments of PCs dropped 5.7% in 2016, according to IDC. Since then Intel has rebounded by pivoting to focus on the needs of cloud computing facilities and devices. Intel already has two other factories in Arizona. "Intel is very proud of the fact that a majority of our manufacturing is here in the U.S., and the majority of our research and development is here in the U.S., while over 80% of what we sell is sold outside of the U.S.," Krzanich said in the White House. The investments needed to create new chips is “enormous, so we have to start now in order to intercept demand that’s a few year’s out,” said Smith The decision to built out the plant in Chandler has nothing to do with the Trump Administration’s America first policies, said Gartner lead Intel analyst Mark Hung. “Traditionally, Intel’s leading-edge work has always been done in the United States,” he said. The plant will be using Intel’s 7-nanometer manufacturing process, a cutting-edge advanced process. “They needed to bite the bullet at some point to do it, and given that the plant’s new, it’s a good place for it,” Hung said. While the move is largely in line with Intel’s long term plans, there could well be an element of fortuitous timing to the announcement, said Bill Kreher, an analyst with Edward Jones. “Currently Intel has large amounts of cash overseas and the company employs a lot of highly-skilled works who use a lot of H-1B visas. These are items that the president is currently evaluating. So it’s a pretty advantageous time for Intel to be announcing the creation of 3,000 new jobs,” he said. Intel has made chips for personal computers in Chandler since the 1980s. It is the number one private employer in Arizona, Krzanich said. USATODAY.COM Intel's new $5 billion plant in Arizona has Obama's blessing - USATODAY.com 374 CONNECTTWEET 9 LINKEDIN 46 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kOYXFC NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Confirmation hearings ObamaCare Donald Trump SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Trump line of home items removed from Kmart, Sears: report Blog Briefing Room — 4h 56m ago Dem rep: Trump has ‘underestimated’ Americans House — 4h 58m ago Oracle reopens legal battle with Google Technology — 5h 20m ago Trump: I won't allow immigration to be ‘turned against us’ Administration — 5h 38m ago Protests erupt in NYC over immigration enforcement raids Blog Briefing Room — 6h 12s ago Sanders: Flynn reports ‘very troubling’ Senate — 6h 16m ago Report: Trump taunts Dems for letting 'Pocahontas' Warren become 'face of your party' Blog Briefing Room — 6h 31m ago WH denies report that it's interviewing for press secretary Administration — 6h 55m ago view all   Intel, Trump tout new $7 billion investment to create 10K jobs By Ali Breland - 02/08/17 02:34 PM EST 269   © Getty Images Intel Corp. announced a $7 billion investment Wednesday that the company projects will create 10,000 new jobs. The company will use the $7 billion to complete its Fab 42 factory in Chandler, Ariz., Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said at a meeting at the White House with President Trump. ADVERTISEMENT Krzanich said the decision to make the announcement with the White House was borne out of Intel’s support for Trump’s economic and trade policies. “We support the Administration’s policies to level the global playing field and make U.S. manufacturing competitive worldwide through new regulatory standards and investment policies,” Krzanich wrote in an email to Intel employees. “When we disagree, we don’t walk away,” he continued. “We believe that we must be part of the conversation to voice our views on key issues such as immigration, H1B visas and other policies that are essential to innovation.” Trump tweeted about the meeting on Wednesday afternoon, calling it a “great investment” in “American INNOVATION and JOBS!”  Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS! #AmericaFirstpic.twitter.com/76lAiSSQ1l— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017 The Fab 42 factory, which is projected to be complete in three to four years, will create semiconductor chips. Intel said the investment would create 3,000 Intel jobs and 10,000 long-term jobs in Arizona. Intel had previously coordinated the announcement of the project with former President Barack ObamaBarack ObamaAppeals court judge wants vote on whether to reconsider travel ban ruling DNC hopeful Buttigieg wants to capitalize on protest energy Obamas sign with agency for speaking gigs MORE in 2011 after he toured the company’s Hillsboro, Ore., facility. Intel started construction of the Fab 42 plant in 2011, but shelved the project in 2014 amid slowing computer sales. In his letter, Krzanich explained that Intel decided to revive the project as its growth increases. The company has reported relatively steady increases in income and asset growth over the past five years. “Fab 42 is an investment in our own future and will help ensure that the United States remains the global leader in the semiconductor industry,” Krzanich wrote. The chips manufactured at the plant “will enable amazing breakthroughs in artificial intelligence, automated driving, medical research and treatment, and the factories of the future,” he added. Arizona lawmakers applauded the announcement on Wednesday.  “I welcome Intel Corp.’s decision to invest in Arizona’s workforce and President Trump’s continued commitment to policies that facilitate job creation here in the United States,” Sen. Jeff FlakeJeff FlakeSenate confirms Trump's Health chief Warren seizes spotlight after GOP rebuke Intel, Trump tout new billion investment to create 10K jobs MORE (R) said in a statement. “This announcement continues a new era of business opportunity across the country and will provide a better future for many in the East Valley,” said Rep. Andy Biggs (R-Ariz.) in a separate statement. Intel was one of 100-plus technology companies to sign an amicus brief in support of a lawsuit against Trump’s controversial executive order on immigration, which temporarily suspends travel from seven Muslim-majority countries and halts admittance of refugees. This story was updated at 4:03 p.m. Tags Barack Obama, Jeff Flake   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 FEC commissioner to Trump: Show... "Allegations of this magnitude cannot be ignored," Ellen Weintraub said. 282 Shares 2 Protesters block DeVos from... Education Secretary Betsy DeVos was greeted with protesters when she tried... 254 Shares 3 Trump officials scramble after... The administration is weighing its legal options, including rewriting the... 144 Shares 4 Trump rips court for ‘disgraceful... President Trump on Friday morning ripped into an appeals court’s decision... 136 Shares 5 WH denies report that it's... Carl Higbie said he has spoken with the White House "regarding... 132 Shares 6 Confusion as Priebus says maybe... Will the White House appeal a court ruling against President Trump's... 125 Shares 7 Trump nixed candidate for State... President Trump has rejected a top candidate for deputy secretary of State... 98 Shares 8 Poll: Majority of travel ban... Roughly half of Americans who support President Trump’s controversial... 94 Shares 9 Spicer: White House ‘disgusted by... Spicer was responding about CNN's latest reporting about President Trump... 80 Shares 10 Trump line of home items removed... Sears and Kmart are no longer selling products from the Trump Home line on... 79 Shares 11 Report: Trump taunts Dems for... President Trump reportedly mocked Democrats in a meeting with senators... 77 Shares 12 Trump administration seen as more... The Trump administration is more trusted than the news media among voters... 76 Shares 13 GOP frets over too-high... President Trump and GOP leaders on Capitol Hill have promised voters that... 72 Shares 14 Trump hints at new travel order... President Trump said Friday he will take action as soon as next week to... 69 Shares 15 Dem senator calls out Trump for... Sen. Martin Heinrich (D-N.M.) called out President Trump on Twitter Friday... 66 Shares 16 FCC should retain net neutrality... OPINION | Net neutrality helps consumers over telecom companies. 57 Shares 17 McCaskill calls for FBI briefing... Democratic senator wants briefing "as soon as possible" on potential FBI... 55 Shares 18 Dem rep: Trump has ‘underestimated... "We will resist on behalf of what is American," Rep. Joe Crowley (D-N.Y.)... 49 Shares 19 Top oversight lawmakers ask ethics... The two top lawmakers on the House Oversight Committee on Thursday called... 45 Shares 20 Is Gorsuch a secret liberal? Trump... OPINION | From his court opinions to historical precedent, Gorsuch might... 45 Shares 21 Russia considering giving Snowden... Russia believes returning Snowden to the U.S. is a way to "curry favor"... 44 Shares 22 Rupert Murdoch-owned outlets get... President Trump only chose media outlets owned by conservative mogul... 43 Shares 23 GOP bill would gut EPA Rep. Sam Johnson (R-Texas)  introduced the Wasteful EPA Programs... 43 Shares 24 Trump: Immigration can’t be ‘... "We must take firm steps today to ensure we are safe tomorrow," he said. 43 Shares 25 Trump White House besieged by leaks Donald Trump’s White House has sprung a remarkable number of leaks since... 43 Shares 26 Protesters swarm Chaffetz town hall Demonstrators repeatedly booed Chaffetz when he mentioned President Trump. 43 Shares 27 Protests erupt in NYC over... Hundreds gathered in New York City Friday night to protest raids by... 41 Shares 28 Baldwin, Fallon break out dueling... Jimmy Fallon and Alec Baldwin are going head-to-head — or Trump-to-Trump... 41 Shares 29 After appeals court ruling, Trump... OPINION | The ruling backed Trump's immigration ban into a corner. 40 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
About AP Essential News from The Associated Press AAA  Feb. 8, 2017 2:20 PM ET The Latest: Aide says Trump defends Ivanka in Nordstrom spat AP          AIM       Share       Google       Digg       Del.icio.us       REddit       NewsVine       Mixx       Facebook       Yahoo President Donald Trump looks at Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, holding a silicon wafer, during their meeting in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) President Donald Trump looks at Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, holding a silicon wafer, during their meeting in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) FILE - In this March 16, 2016 file photo, Trump Tower is seen in New York. The U.S. military is looking to rent space at Trump Tower for use when President Donald Trump returns to his longtime home in New York City. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) FILE - In this Nov. 11, 2016 file photo, Ivanka Trump, daughter of President-elect Donald Trump, arrives at Trump Tower in New York. Nordstrom shares sunk after President Trump tweeted that the department store chain had treated his daughter “so unfairly” when it announced last week that it would stop selling Ivanka Trump’s clothing and accessory line. (AP Photo/ Evan Vucci, File) President Donald Trump speaks to the Major County Sheriffs' Association and Major Cities Chiefs Association, Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, in Washington. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) . . 1 of 4 . . More News Video Buy AP Photo Reprints WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on President Donald Trump (all times EST): 2:15 p.m. A White House spokesman says President Donald Trump was standing up for his daughter when he posted a tweet criticizing Nordstrom. Trump tweeted that Ivanka Trump was treated "so unfairly" by the department store, which decided to stop selling her clothing and accessory line. White House spokesman Sean Spicer says Trump was responding to an "attack on his daughter." Spicer says Trump is president — and "for people to take out their concern about his actions or executive orders on members of his family, he has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities, their success." Nordstrom did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment about Trump's tweet. ___ 1:10 p.m. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich is at the White House and bringing the kind of economic news that President Donald Trump likes to trumpet: a $7 billion investment in an Intel factory in Arizona. The CEO says in an Oval Office visit with Trump that Intel will be completing the factory and making "the most advanced" chips on the planet." The CEO says the factory will employ about 3,000 workers directly — and 10,000 workers in Arizona in support of the factory. Krzanich says the announcement comes partly in response in part to Trump's tax and regulatory policies. Trump calls the product that Intel will be making is "amazing." ___ 12 p.m. The U.S. military is looking to rent space at Trump Tower for use when President Donald Trump is working in New York City. Pentagon spokesman Army Lt. Col. J.B. Brindle says the Department of Defense is looking for the space "in order to meet official mission requirements." It's not immediately clear how much it would cost the Pentagon to rent space in the 58-story midtown Manhattan tower owned by the Trump Organization. Trump lives in the three-story penthouse. He hasn't returned to New York since taking office on Jan. 20. His wife, Melania, and their young son, Barron, are living there for now. It's customary for the military to obtain space near a president's residence. ___ 11:50 a.m. Organizations opposed to President Donald Trump's executive order on government regulations are suing to block it. The order required federal agencies to identify at least two existing regulations to repeal for every new regulation proposed or issued. The suit contends the order exceeds the president's constitutional authority — and directs agencies to unlawfully repeal rules intended to protect the health and safety of Americans, and the environment. Filing suit are Public Citizen, a consumer advocacy group, the Communications Workers of America and the Natural Resources Defense Council. ___ 11:25 a.m. President Donald Trump isn't happy about Nordstrom's decision to stop selling Ivanka Trump's line of clothing and accessories — and he's tweeting his criticism. Trump says his daughter has "been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom." The president says she's "a great person — always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!" Nordstrom said last week that it would stop selling Ivanka Trump merchandise. The Seattle-based department store chain said the decision was based on the sales performance of the first daughter's brand. Nordstrom hasn't immediately responded to an email seeking comment. Ivanka Trump has formally stepped down from her leadership role with the brand. ___ 9:57 a.m. President Donald Trump is promising "zero tolerance" for violence against law enforcement officers. He tells a group of police chiefs that his administration will give their departments the resources to recruit and retain officers. Trump also says "no one in America should be punished" simply for growing up in a place where violence may be prevalent. And as he has done before, he's singling out Chicago, saying the level of violence in the city cannot be allowed to continue. He says "we've allowed too many young lives to be claimed." When it comes to people who may be living illegally in the United States and involved in criminal activity, the president wants law enforcement and the public to report them to the Department of Homeland Security. In his words — "I want you to turn in the bad ones." ___ 9:40 a.m. President Donald Trump is asserting that had the right to enact his travel ban. He tells a group of police chiefs that his immigration order was "done for the security of our nation." He says the provision supporting the order was written "beautifully" and was within his executive authority. Trump says "a bad high school student would understand this." A federal judge has put the ban on hold, and an appeals court is considering an appeal from the Trump administration. The order includes a temporary travel ban on travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries. While awaiting a decision, Trump says "courts seem to be so political." ___ 7:55 a.m. President Donald Trump is expected to have lunch Thursday with a group of moderate Senate Democrats who could play a key role in his legislative agenda. The lunch is expected to include Sens. Joe Manchin of West Virginia, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, Joe Donnelly of Indiana and Jon Tester of Montana. Trump faces a narrow Republican majority in the Senate and hopes to secure some support among Democrats for his agenda and the confirmation of Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch. All four Senate Democrats face re-election in 2018. The lunch was first reported by USA Today and confirmed by the Senate offices. The White House did not immediately provide details on the lunch, which is also expected to include Republican lawmakers. __ 7: 24 a.m. President Donald Trump is tweeting that if he loses the pending court case over his travel ban, the country "can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled." The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals is weighing the appeal of Trump's executive order on immigration, including a temporary travel ban on those from seven Muslim-majority countries. The appeals court challenged the administration's claim that the ban was motivated by terrorism fears, but it also questioned an attorney's argument that it unconstitutionally targeted Muslims. The president tweeted early Wednesday, "If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!"Associated Press Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Topics: Government and politics, Military and defense, Travel laws and regulations, Government regulations, War and unrest, General news, Social media, Online media, Media, Religion and politics, Religious issues, Religion, Social affairs, Social issues, Fashion accessories, Fashion, Beauty and fashion, Lifestyle, Hiring and recruitment, Personnel, Business, Apparel manufacturing, Textiles, apparel and accessories manufacturing, Consumer product manufacturing, Consumer products and services, Apparel and accessories retail, Retail industry, Retail and wholesale, Consumer services, National courts, Courts, Judiciary, National governments, Legislature People, Places and Companies: Sean Spicer, Heidi Heitkamp, Joe Donnelly, Joe Manchin, Ivanka Trump, Neil Gorsuch, Donald Trump, Jon Tester, District of Columbia, United States, New York City       AIM       Share       Google       Digg       Del.icio.us       REddit       NewsVine       Mixx       Facebook       Yahoo AP Privacy Policy | AP Terms of Use ©  Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Victor Anderson, dancer and educator, dies Daly City man caught on camera fleeing homicide scene arrested White House considers rewriting Trump’s travel ban Road crew employee killed on Highway 17 was working with son News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Indonesians at mass prayers urged to vote for Muslims More whales strand in New Zealand, bringing total to 650 Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass She was killed after trusting Pennsylvania's system Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Warriors’ Andre Iguodala a driving force on star-studded team Raiders give Jack Del Rio 4-year contract Draymond Green makes NBA history as Warriors rout Memphis No. 20 St. Mary’s withstands scare from Portland Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Tesla readies Fremont factory for Model 3 production Cosmetology schools sue Betsy DeVos over Obama-era rules Tesla employee’s protest is a clash between Silicon Valley, Twitter’s reach doesn’t translate to revenue A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Battle of Bands, and IPAs, at SF Beer Week The latest from Dear Abby Everything is still cool with ‘The Lego Batman Movie’ Balboa Theatre revives nostalgic Saturday matinees Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Equator Coffee headed to Fort Mason San Francisco restaurants where you can still get a Valentine's Iza Ramen’s new SoMa outpost opens Friday Chef Teague Moriarty takes over as sole owner of Sons & Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Interim chief gets permanent post with California Coastal Damage to Oroville Dam spillway worsens — could cost $100 Tiburon bayfront home a homage to Japanese architecture Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: Hotel Sutter, Sutter Creek Drinking in history at Amador County taverns Insider: Berkeley transplant puts down roots in Sutter Creek Ethical destinations: How to have a good trip Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Normandy style splendor in Pacific Heights: $8.25M Cupertino Spanish Mediterranean warms and welcomes Unique 10,000-square-foot Hillsborough Georgian built in 1896 A deal? 40 acres (and a house) for $1.295 million in Carmel Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car U.S. News names the 'Best Cars for the Money' in 2017 Porsche’s entry level SUV ideally done Almost 67,000 polluting VW and Audi diesels returned so far A high-performance luxury Bentley SUV Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Avoid an interview disaster Is your birth order influencing your career? Are you prepared for a panel interview? 5 ways to handle an unexpected career change Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Trump-Today-Intel-CEO-announces-7-billion-10918032.php Trump Today: Intel CEO announces $7 billion factory plan By Trisha Thadani, San Francisco Chronicle Updated 11:44 am, Wednesday, February 8, 2017 Photo: Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Image 1of/25 Caption Close Image 1 of 25 President Donald Trump looks at Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, holding a silicon wafer, during their meeting in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017. President Donald Trump looks at Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, holding a silicon wafer, during their meeting in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017. Photo: Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Image 2 of 25 Click through to see previous Trump Today items and updates on the president's actions so far. Click through to see previous Trump Today items and updates on the president's actions so far. Image 3 of 25 FEB. 9, 2017: Trump signs executive orders on crime and safety President Trump signed three executive orders Thursday afternoon focused on crime reduction, public safety and violence toward cops. Only one of the orders was posted on the White House website immediately after the signing. The posted order has two main points: It commits the government to “enforcing the law and developing policies that comprehensively address illegal immigration, drug trafficking, and violent crime”; and commissions the Department of Justice to take the lead on federal actions to support nationwide law enforcement efforts on the local and state level. MORE HERE less FEB. 9, 2017: Trump signs executive orders on crime and safety President Trump signed three executive orders Thursday afternoon focused on crime reduction, public safety and violence toward cops. Only one of ... more Photo: Aude Guerrucci Image 4 of 25 FEB. 9, 2017: Kellyanne Conway tells people to ‘go buy Ivanka’s stuff’ White House counselor Kellyanne Conway gave Ivanka Trump’s fashion line a “free commercial” on national television from a West Wing briefing room, encouraging viewers to buy from Ivanka Trump’s online fashion line. In response to Nordstrom’s decision to drop the first daughter’s clothing line, Conway said on Fox & Friends, “Go buy Ivanka’s stuff. I hate shopping, but I’m going to get some myself today. It’s a wonderful line. I own some of it. I’m going to give a free commercial here. Go buy it everybody. You can find it online.” Conway was put through counseling after her comments. MORE HERE less FEB. 9, 2017: Kellyanne Conway tells people to ‘go buy Ivanka’s stuff’ White House counselor Kellyanne Conway gave Ivanka Trump’s fashion line a “free commercial” on national television from a West ... more Photo: Charles Krupa, Associated Press Image 5 of 25 FEB. 8, 2017: Steph Curry has witty response to Under Armour CEO's pro-Trump comment Golden State Warriors star Stephen Curry shot back Wednesday at praise heaped on President Trump by Under Armour boss Kevin Plank. Plank, the Under Armour CEO, said in an interview with CNBC’s “Fast Halftime Report” on Tuesday that “to have such a pro-business president is something that is a real asset for the country. People can really grab that opportunity.” Curry, who has a sponsorship deal with Under Armour, said in an interview with the San Jose Mercury News that he was surprised at Plank’s comments. “I agree with that description,” Curry said, “if you remove the ‘et’ from asset.” MORE HERE less FEB. 8, 2017: Steph Curry has witty response to Under Armour CEO's pro-Trump comment Golden State Warriors star Stephen Curry shot back Wednesday at praise heaped on President Trump by Under Armour boss Kevin ... more Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press Image 6 of 25 FEB. 8, 2017: Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch calls the President's tweets 'demoralizing' and 'disheartening' Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch called President Trump’s tweets criticizing the federal judiciary “demoralizing” and “disheartening” during a meeting Wednesday with Connecticut Democratic Sen. Richard Blumenthal, CNN reported. Trump called U.S. District Judge James Robart of Seattle a “so-called judge” when he suspended the president’s executive order banning travelers and refugees from seven Muslim-majority countries. MORE HERE less FEB. 8, 2017: Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch calls the President's tweets 'demoralizing' and 'disheartening' Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch called President Trump’s tweets criticizing the federal ... more Photo: AL DRAGO, NYT Image 7 of 25 FEB. 8, 2017: No ruling from 9th Circuit Court on travel ban There was no ruling Wednesday, Feb. 8 on whether to reinstate President Trump’s ban on travel to the United States from seven predominantly Muslim countries. The Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, which heard arguments by telephone Tuesday, said at midday that no decision would be issued by the end of the day. MORE HERE less FEB. 8, 2017: No ruling from 9th Circuit Court on travel ban There was no ruling Wednesday, Feb. 8 on whether to reinstate President Trump’s ban on travel to the United States from seven predominantly Muslim ... more Photo: Photos By Alex Clausen, US Court Of Appeals Office Of Circuit Executive Image 8 of 25 FEB. 8, 2017: President and Intel CEO announce new $7 billion factory in Arizona Intel CEO Brian Krzanich and President Trump announced that the company will invest $7 billion to complete an existing factory space in Arizona that has been idle for the past few years. The Chandler, Ariz. manufacturing plant, where Arizona has long had manufacturing operations, will be used to make computer chips. In a statement, Intel said the opening of the factory will lead to 3,000 “high-tech, high-wage jobs” and will create more than 10,000 long-term jobs in Arizona. MORE HERE less FEB. 8, 2017: President and Intel CEO announce new $7 billion factory in Arizona Intel CEO Brian Krzanich and President Trump announced that the company will invest $7 billion to complete an existing factory ... more Photo: Pool, Getty Images Image 9 of 25 FEB. 8, 2017: President tweets Nordstrom treated Ivanka 'unfairly' Trump took a shot a Nordstrom on Twitter, saying his daughter was treated “so unfairly” by the department store chain for its decision to drop her clothing line. “My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person — always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!” Trump tweeted from his personal account. MORE HERE less FEB. 8, 2017: President tweets Nordstrom treated Ivanka 'unfairly' Trump took a shot a Nordstrom on Twitter, saying his daughter was treated “so unfairly” by the department store chain for its decision ... more Photo: Evan Vucci, AP Image 10 of 25 Buy photo FEB. 8, 2017: President sounds off on 9th Circuit Court judges The president leaned on the judges of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, which is based in San Francisco, anticipating they will uphold a ruling against his executive order banning travel to the United States by citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries. “If these judges wanted to - in my opinion - help the court in terms of respect for the court, they’d do what they should be doing. I mean, It’s so sad,” Trump said at a meeting with the National Sheriffs’ Association. MORE HERE less FEB. 8, 2017: President sounds off on 9th Circuit Court judges The president leaned on the judges of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, which is based in San Francisco, anticipating they will uphold a ... more Photo: Gabrielle Lurie, The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 11 of 25 FEB. 3, 2017: 2 Bay Area college students sue over travel ban A UC Berkeley student and a Stanford student, both Muslims, have joined forces and filed a lawsuit against President Trump over his executive order banning travelers entry to the United States from seven predominantly Muslim counties. The suit, filed in federal court in San Francisco, alleges that Trump’s executive order, which affects even those with valid visas, is an “unconstitutional and discriminatory ban” against Muslims. In their suit, filed on their behalf by the American Civil Liberties Union of Northern California, Stanford student Hadil Al-Mowafak, a national of Yemen, said Trump’s order prevents her from returning to the United States to continue her studies if she goes to Yemen to visit her husband, as she had planned. MORE HERE less FEB. 3, 2017: 2 Bay Area college students sue over travel ban A UC Berkeley student and a Stanford student, both Muslims, have joined forces and filed a lawsuit against President Trump over his executive order ... more Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press Image 12 of 25 FEB. 3, 2017: Tech companies oppose travel ban The country’s tech giants — including Bay Area bigs Google, Facebook, Apple and Uber — are joining forces in a letter penned to President Trump opposing his travel ban on seven majority-Muslim countries. A draft of the letter obtained by the website Recode expressed concerns to Trump that his executive order signed last week “will affect many visa holders who work hard here in the United States and contribute to our countries success.” The letter also states that, “As entrepreneurs and business leaders, our ability to grow our companies and create jobs depends on the contributions of immigrants from all backgrounds.” MORE HERE less FEB. 3, 2017: Tech companies oppose travel ban The country’s tech giants — including Bay Area bigs Google, Facebook, Apple and Uber — are joining forces in a letter penned to President Trump opposing his ... more Photo: Tsering Topgyal, AP Image 13 of 25 FEB, 3, 2017: Trump starts rollback of Dodd-Frank President Trump signed an executive order that will begin chipping away at the landmark Dodd-Frank Act, a set of financial regulations passed in the aftermath of the Great Recession, according to Bloomberg News. The order directs the Treasury Department to initiate a sweeping review of the law and report back on portions that can be cut away. Flanked by a number of high-profile corporate executives in a meeting Friday morning, Trump said that his administration expects “to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank.” MORE HERE less FEB, 3, 2017: Trump starts rollback of Dodd-Frank President Trump signed an executive order that will begin chipping away at the landmark Dodd-Frank Act, a set of financial regulations passed in the aftermath of ... more Photo: Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Image 14 of 25 FEB. 2, 2017: Falwell selected for education deregulation task force President Trump has chosen a leader for a new federal task force he is creating to deregulate the nation’s colleges and universities: Jerry Falwell Jr., president of a Christian university in Virginia, according to the Chronicle of Higher Education. Falwell, 54, son of the late conservative televangelist and Moral Majority founder Jerry Falwell, heads Liberty University, a religious school founded by his father. In 2009, the school barred students from forming a College Democratic Club because the Democratic Party platform supports abortion and gay rights. MORE HERE less FEB. 2, 2017: Falwell selected for education deregulation task force President Trump has chosen a leader for a new federal task force he is creating to deregulate the nation’s colleges and universities: Jerry ... more Photo: DAMON WINTER, NYT Image 15 of 25 Buy photo FEB. 2, 2017: Assemblyman David Chiu hosts forum on immigrants  San Francisco’s Democratic Assemblyman David Chiu invited immigration advocates to tell the public personal stories about the lives of tenants who are in the country illegally. “Tenants who are undocumented know their landlords have the power to destroy their lives with a single phone call to ICE,” the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency, said Chiu’s announcement of the event. MORE HERE less FEB. 2, 2017: Assemblyman David Chiu hosts forum on immigrants  San Francisco’s Democratic Assemblyman David Chiu invited immigration advocates to tell the public personal stories about the lives of ... more Photo: Paul Chinn, The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 16 of 25 Buy photo FEB. 2, 2017: Protest at UC Berkeley prompts funding threat President Trump threatened to eliminate federal funds from UC Berkeley, prompting an outcry from city and university officials, the morning after police shut down an event featuring the right-wing provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos when destructive demonstrations erupted at the campus. “If UC Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?” the president tweeted. UC Berkeley received $370 million in federal grants from 2014 to 2015. The federal dollars went toward funding multiyear research projects and other expenditures, according to the university’s website. MORE HERE less FEB. 2, 2017: Protest at UC Berkeley prompts funding threat President Trump threatened to eliminate federal funds from UC Berkeley, prompting an outcry from city and university officials, the morning after ... more Photo: Scott Strazzante, The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 17 of 25 FEB. 2, 2017: Rep. Lee wants Bannon booted from the National Security Council Oakland Congresswoman Barbara Lee wants Stephen Bannon, the White House chief strategist, booted from his permanent position on the National Security Council, an unprecedented appointment by President Trump. “By placing Steve Bannon - a man who has promoted the alt-right and white nationalism - at the center of our nation’s most senior diplomatic and intelligence council, President Trump has placed our national security in grave danger,” Lee said in a letter addressed to Trump. “There is no place for such inexperience and bigotry at the center of America’s national security apparatus.” MORE HERE less FEB. 2, 2017: Rep. Lee wants Bannon booted from the National Security Council Oakland Congresswoman Barbara Lee wants Stephen Bannon, the White House chief strategist, booted from his permanent position on the ... more Photo: Paul Morigi, Getty Images For The Elizabeth T Image 18 of 25 FEB. 2, 2017: Peter Thiel confidant appointed to NSC staff  Kevin Harrington, a longtime associate of Trump adviser Peter Thiel, has been appointed to a senior staff position at the National Security Council, the White House announced. Harrington, who was previously managing director and head of research for Thiel Macro, a hedge fund, will be deputy assistant to the president for strategic planning. While President Trump has a fondness for reality television, Harrington should not be confused with the similarly named investor who has appeared on ABC’s “Shark Tank.” MORE HERE less FEB. 2, 2017: Peter Thiel confidant appointed to NSC staff  Kevin Harrington, a longtime associate of Trump adviser Peter Thiel, has been appointed to a senior staff position at the National Security ... more Photo: Albin Lohr-Jones, Bloomberg Image 19 of 25 FEB. 2, 2017: President trashes Schwarzenegger’s TV ratings President Trump kicked off a National Prayer Breakfast by asking everyone to pray for former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, saying “The Celebrity Apprentice” host has suffered lower ratings since replacing him on the reality TV show. The “Terminator” star quickly shot back by suggesting that he and Trump switch jobs “so people can finally sleep comfortably again.” Trump began his speech at the annual Washington D.C. religious event by prioritizing prayer for Schwarzenegger, who took over the NBC reality competition show after Trump, who is still an executive producer on the program, did 186 episodes. MORE HERE less FEB. 2, 2017: President trashes Schwarzenegger’s TV ratings President Trump kicked off a National Prayer Breakfast by asking everyone to pray for former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, saying ... more Photo: Jordan Strauss, Associated Press Image 20 of 25 FEB. 1, 2017: California Senators vote against Tillerson confirmation Former Exxon Mobil chief executive Rex Tillerson has been confirmed as Secretary of State by a 56-43 vote, with both of California’s senators opposing the move. Shortly after the confirmation, Sen. Kamala Harris, D-Calif., tweeted that she voted against Tillerson. Tillerson has no formal diplomatic experience, and was seen as a widely controversial pick for the position. “I voted against Rex Tillerson's nomination. We need a Secretary of State who will put America's national security first,” she wrote. Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., also voted against his confirmation, according to a spokesman. She had strongly opposed Tillerson’s nomination, saying Exxon has a history of “undermining American policy.” MORE HERE less FEB. 1, 2017: California Senators vote against Tillerson confirmation Former Exxon Mobil chief executive Rex Tillerson has been confirmed as Secretary of State by a 56-43 vote, with both of California’s ... more Photo: Cliff Owen, Associated Press Image 21 of 25 FEB. 1: 2017: California lawmakers to confer with Planned Parenthood California Democratic senators met with Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards and former U.S. Atty. Gen. Eric Holder Jr. during an annual policy retreat in Sacramento as lawmakers map out strategies to resist policies pushed by President Trump and his administration. Richards spoke to Democratic senators about how to preserve access to health care nationwide at a time when congressional Republicans are working to defund Planned Parenthood and repeal the Affordable Care Act. MORE HERE less FEB. 1: 2017: California lawmakers to confer with Planned Parenthood California Democratic senators met with Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards and former U.S. Atty. Gen. Eric Holder Jr. during an ... more Photo: Jose Luis Magana, Associated Press Image 22 of 25 FEB. 1: 2017: Speier nominates Sally Yates for courage award Rep. Jackie Speier, D-Hillsborough, nominated Sally Yates for the John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award the day after President Trump fired her as acting Attorney General. Yates was canned after she refused to defend Trump’s executive order temporarily banning citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries and all refugees from entering the United States. MORE HERE less FEB. 1: 2017: Speier nominates Sally Yates for courage award Rep. Jackie Speier, D-Hillsborough, nominated Sally Yates for the John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award the day after President Trump fired her as ... more Photo: Manuel Balce Ceneta, Associated Press Image 23 of 25 FEB. 1: 2017: Travel ban? Depends on what the meaning of ‘ban’ is President Trump rolled back some of terms of his quickly written order banning travel from seven Muslim-majority countries — including banning residents with green cards. After calling the order a ban for several days, both Trump and White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Tuesday began insisting the order was actually not a ban. Trump seems to have abandoned what had essentially turned into a semantic dispute. “Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN,” Trump tweeted. “Call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of the country!” MORE HERE less FEB. 1: 2017: Travel ban? Depends on what the meaning of ‘ban’ is President Trump rolled back some of terms of his quickly written order banning travel from seven Muslim-majority countries — including ... more Photo: Evan Vucci, STF Image 24 of 25 FEB. 1, 2017: Trump praises ‘amazing job’ by Frederick Douglass Frederick Douglass, who has been dead for 121 years, is an “example of someone who’s done an amazing job,” according to comments by President Trump. It was not immediately known if Trump believed that Douglass, the great 19th century abolitionist, was still alive. But several people listening to the president’s comment thought so. In rambling remarks during a ceremony in Washington to kick off Black History Month, Trump said: “I am very proud now that we have a museum on the National Mall where people can learn about Reverend King, so many other things, Frederick Douglass is an example of somebody who’s done an amazing job and is getting recognized more and more, I notice. Harriet Tubman, Rosa Parks, and millions more black Americans who made America what it is today. Big impact.” MORE HERE less FEB. 1, 2017: Trump praises ‘amazing job’ by Frederick Douglass Frederick Douglass, who has been dead for 121 years, is an “example of someone who’s done an amazing job,” according to comments by ... more Photo: File Photo, ST Image 25 of 25 Trump Today: Intel CEO announces $7 billion factory plan 1 / 25 Back to Gallery Intel CEO Brian Krzanich and President Trump announced today that the company will invest $7 billion to complete an existing factory space in Arizona that has been idle for the past few years. The Chandler, Ariz. manufacturing plant, where Arizona has long had manufacturing operations, will be used to make computer chips. In a statement, Intel said the opening of the factory will lead to 3,000 “high-tech, high-wage jobs” and will create more than 10,000 long-term jobs in Arizona. Intel, which has its headquarters in Santa Clara, announced 12,000 layoffs across the company last year. The construction of the manufacturing plant, Fab 42, was nearly finished several years ago, but was put on hold due to changing market conditions. The reinvigoration of this plant, which is expected to be finished in two to three years, is convenient timing for a company looking to forge connections with a new administration that is largely focused on keeping jobs in the U.S. Ivanka Trump's fashion line will not be available at Nordstrom this coming season. The company announced Thursday night that it was formally dropping the brand created by President Trump's daughter. It said in a statement, "Each year we cut about 10 percent and refresh our assortment with about the same amount. In this case, based on the brand's performance we've decided not to buy it for this season. Media: WochIt Media ALSO Trump Today: President tweets Nordstrom treated Ivanka ‘unfairly’ Trump Today: President sounds off on 9th Circuit Court judges Trump update: He praises ‘amazing job’ by Frederick Douglass The role of this plant as a political symbol isn’t new. While in office, President Barack Obama praised Fab 42 as a symbol of the future of U.S. manufacturing. Intel was one of about 100 companies that filed a legal brief this weekend opposing Trump’s controversial ban on immigrants from seven Muslim-majority countries. According to a White House Pool report, when asked by Reuters why Intel is making this announcement at the White House, Krzanich said: “It's really in support of the tax and regulatory policies that we see the administration pushing forward.” Chipmakers like Intel stand to benefit from tax credits on purchases of manufacturing equipment, for example. Trisha Thadani is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: tthadani@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @TrishaThadani Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. MASSIVE STORM DAMAGE Road crew employee killed on Hwy. 17 was working with son Damage to Oroville Dam spillway grows, could cost $100 million Mudslide closes I-80 near Truckee in both directions Falling debris shuts down Hwy. 17 again 3 rescued from flood waters near Truckee River Russian River is above flood stage and still rising LATEST NEWS Report: Russia could send Snowden to US as 'gift' to Trump Report: US officials confirm elements of Russia dossier on Trump Man caught on camera fleeing homicide scene arrested Draymond Green makes franchise history in Warriors rout Ex-Calif. inmate finally has sex-reassignment surgery Up to 7 vehicles involved in collision on 101 in SF Sketch released in Union City Girl Scout cookie stand robbery Office of Obama offers internships Poll: 51% of Trump voters say Bowling Green justifies travel ban White House considers rewriting Trump’s travel ban Trump travel ban kills surgeon's lifesaving trip to Iran Feds conduct sweeping immigration raids in at least 6 states Betsy DeVos asked question on Twitter. Here's what happened. Cosmetology schools sue DeVos over Obama-era rules Whole Foods closing 9 stores, 1 in Northern California Payless could close 1,000 stores Can someone gentrify the neighborhood where they grew up? Retail center promises change for neighborhood TODAY'S TOP PICKS 100-year-old woman evicted from SF home Christine Baranski offers to play Betsy DeVos on 'SNL' Despised man gets a scathing obituary SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Save $185 to outfit your bed with this luxurious 20-piece... 62% OFF: This sleek French press coffee maker will make the... Most Popular 1 Is California overdue for biblical, catastrophic flooding?... 2 Public Policy Polling: 51 percent of Trump voters say Bowling... 3 Whole Foods closing 9 stores; 1 in Northern California 4 Betsy DeVos asked a question on Twitter. Here's what happened. 5 100-year-old woman evicted from SF home 6 Draymond Green makes NBA history as Warriors rout Memphis 7 Road crew employee killed on Highway 17 was working with son 8 Damage to Oroville Dam spillway worsens — could cost $100... 9 Gaping hole in Oroville Dam spillway is growing, officials warn 10 Mudslide closes I-80 near Truckee in both directions THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Intel Supports American Innovation with $7 Billion Investment in Next-Generation Semiconductor Factory in Arizona Intel’s Fab 42 will Target Advanced 7 nm Technology and Create More Than 10,000 Jobs in Arizona Intel Corporation on Tuesday, Feb. 8, 2017, announced plans to invest more than $7 billion to complete Fab 42. On completion, Fab 42 in Chandler, Ariz., is expected to be the most advanced semiconductor factory in the world. (Credit: Intel Corporation) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Intel Corporation on Tuesday, Feb. 8, 2017, announced plans to invest more than $7 billion to complete Fab 42. On completion, Fab 42 in Chandler, Ariz., is expected to be the most advanced semiconductor factory in the world. (Credit: Intel Corporation) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail February 08, 2017 01:12 PM Eastern Standard Time WASHINGTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Intel Corporation today announced plans to invest more than $7 billion to complete Fab 42, which is expected to be the most advanced semiconductor factory in the world. The high-volume factory is in Chandler, Ariz., and is targeted to use the 7 nanometer (nm) manufacturing process. It will produce microprocessors to power data centers and hundreds of millions of smart and connected devices worldwide. The announcement was made by U.S. President Donald Trump and Intel CEO Brian Krzanich at the White House. The completion of Fab 42 in 3 to 4 years will directly create approximately 3,000 high-tech, high-wage Intel jobs for process engineers, equipment technicians, and facilities-support engineers and technicians who will work at the site. Combined with the indirect impact on businesses that will help support the factory’s operations, Fab 42 is expected to create more than 10,000 total long-term jobs in Arizona. Context for the investment was outlined in an e-mail from Intel’s CEO to employees. “Intel’s business continues to grow and investment in manufacturing capacity and R&D ensures that the pace of Moore’s law continues to march on, fueling technology innovations the world loves and depends on,” said Krzanich. “This factory will help the U.S. maintain its position as the global leader in the semiconductor industry.” “Intel is a global manufacturing and technology company, yet we think of ourselves as a leading American innovation enterprise,” Krzanich added. “America has a unique combination of talent, a vibrant business environment and access to global markets, which has enabled U.S. companies like Intel to foster economic growth and innovation. Our factories support jobs -- high-wage, high-tech manufacturing jobs that are the economic engines of the states where they are located.” Intel is America’s largest high-technology capital expenditure investor ($5.1 billion in the U.S. 2015) and its third largest investor in global R&D ($12.1 billion in 20151). The majority of Intel’s manufacturing and R&D is in the United States. As a result, Intel employs more than 50,000 people in the United States, while directly supporting almost half a million other U.S. jobs across a range of industries, including semiconductor tooling, software, logistics, channels, OEMs and other manufacturers that incorporate our products into theirs. The 7 nm semiconductor manufacturing process targeted for Fab 42 will be the most advanced semiconductor process technology used in the world and represents the future of Moore’s Law. In 1968 Intel co-founder Gordon Moore predicted that computing power will become significantly more capable and yet cost less year after year. Making a leading-edge computer chip is the most complex manufacturing process in the world, engineering magic that turns sand into semiconductors, the foundation of the knowledge economy. The chips made on the 7 nm process will power the most sophisticated computers, data centers, sensors and other high-tech devices, and enable things like artificial intelligence, more advanced cars and transportation services, breakthroughs in medical research and treatment, and more. These are areas that depend upon having the highest amount of computing power, access to the fastest networks, the most data storage, the smallest chip sizes, and other benefits that come from advancing Moore’s Law. Intel and the Intel logo, are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. *Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others. 1: PWC Global Innovation 1000 study and Intel 2015 annual report. Contacts Intel Corporation William Moss, 650-521-1754 william.moss@intel.com Release Summary Intel Corporation on Feb. 8, 2017, announced plans to invest more than $7 billion to complete Fab 42 in Chandler, Ariz. It is expected to be the most advanced semiconductor factory in the world. Contacts Intel Corporation William Moss, 650-521-1754 william.moss@intel.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Do you Believe it? A Fire Broke out at Samsung's SDI Plant that's Making the Galaxy S8 Battery | Main | Apple's CEO Tim Cook Greeted with a Loud Cheer by Apple Store Staff in Glasgow Scotland » February 08, 2017 Intel CEO Brian Krzanich makes Major Plant Announcement in Oval Office with President Trump   Earlier today Patently Apple posted a report noting that it was interesting to see Companies from Japan, China and South Korea willing to work with President Trump to bring jobs to the U.S. while the contribution made by American companies thus far Silicon Valley has to been to line up and complain about a 90 day ban in several Muslim countries that Obama had first deemed dangerous. I further noted that hopefully Tesla and other responsible U.S. companies would step up to the plate in the coming years and hit some home runs bringing more manufacturing jobs to the U.S. because whining produces nothing but ill will. As the report was being posted some great news came from the Oval Office with Donald Trump and Intel's CEO about a new plant in Arizona as noted in the video below from CNBC.   Intel chief executive Brian Krzanich met with President Donald Trump on Wednesday, where the company announced it will invest $7 billion in a factory employing up to 3,000 people.   The factory will be in Chandler, Arizona, the company said, and over 10,000 people in the Arizona area will support the factory. Krzanich confirmed to CNBC that the investment over the next three to four years would be to complete a previous plant, Fab 42, that was started and then left vacant.     The 7 nanometer chips will be produced there will be "the most powerful computer chips on the planet," Krzanich said in the Oval Office with the Trump administration. Most Intel manufacturing happens in the U.S., Krzanich said.   "America has a unique combination of talent, a vibrant business environment and access to global markets, which has enabled U.S. companies like Intel to foster economic growth and innovation," Krzanich said in a statement. "Our factories support jobs — high-wage, high-tech manufacturing jobs that are the economic engines of the states where they are located." For more on this read the full CNBC report here.   It's refreshing to see a top Silicon Valley giant make a commitment to bringing more jobs to the U.S. Way to go Krzanich, you're a great example of being a proud American company wanting to make America Great Again. You could read the Intel follow-up announcement here.     About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on February 08, 2017 at 11:52 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Opinions | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple VP Tells Australian Financial Paper that Aussies are Trail Blazers when it comes to using Apple Pay Fake News is unlikely Hurting Apple, so why is the CEO of Apple making it an Issue Today? Sportbrain Sues Apple Claiming that the Apple Watch Collects Sports Related Data in a Manner that Infringes their Patent You Know the VR Market is Lost when Facebook's CEO gets Excited over wearing VR Gloves to type on a Virtual Keyboard Apple Patent Reveals Breakthrough Quantum Tunneling Touch-Sensitive Materials for iPhone, Smart Cases & More Samsung Officially Chickened Out for a 2017 Foldable Smartphone, but Apple has Shown us it has a Bright Future Samsung's new Galaxy S8 will Offer 5.7" & 6.2" Edge Displays but won't be supported by Larger Batteries To Avoid Note 7 Style Battery Fires, Apple Patent Reveals Instituting a new Heat Dissipator made of Graphene Cool: Apple Invents a Dual Display MacBook that a User will be able to use Outdoors with Sunglasses on Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Opinions 6. Non-Apple News 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D Technology + Facial Recognition Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Cloudera And Intel Speed Up Machine Learning Workloads With Apache Spark, Intel® Math Kernel Library Integration PALO ALTO, Calif., Feb. 08, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Cloudera, the global provider of the fastest, easiest, and most secure data management, analytics and machine learning platform built on the latest open source technologies, today announced a jointly tested solution with Intel to advance capabilities for machine learning (ML) and artificial intelligence (AI) workloads. Benchmark tests on Cloudera with Apache Spark and the newly released Intel® Math Kernel Library (Intel® MKL), demonstrate the combined offering can advance machine learning performance over large data sets in less time and with less hardware. This helps organizations accelerate their investments in next generation predictive analytics. Cloudera is the leader in Apache Spark development, training, and services. Apache Spark is advancing the art of machine learning on distributed systems with familiar tools that deliver at impressive scale. By joining forces, Cloudera and Intel are furthering a joint mission of excellence in big data management in the pursuit of better outcomes by making machine learning smarter and easier to implement. By combining Spark, Intel® MKL libraries, and Intel’s optimized CPU architecture machine learning workloads can scale quickly. As machine learning solutions get access to more data they can provide better accuracy in delivering predictive maintenance, recommendation engines, proactive healthcare and monitoring, and risk and fraud detection. “There’s a growing urgency to implement more rich machine learning models to explore and solve the most pressing business problems and to impact society in a more meaningful way,” said Amr Awadallah, chief technical officer of Cloudera. “Already among our user base, machine learning is an increasingly common practice. In fact, in a recent adoption survey over 30% of respondents indicated they are leveraging Spark for machine learning. With constant advancements to Spark, and now through our collaboration with Intel to tap into Intel® MKL, we’re confident Cloudera will continue to lead the market in advancing the use of Apache Spark for machine learning across every industry.” Benchmark results released today, comparing the jointly developed solution to both OpenBLAS and F2J BLAS, prove Cloudera and Intel have surpassed the leading hardware acceleration libraries in every iteration of the tests—providing more actionable performance with less investment in infrastructure. http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/3703759d-3d1c-454e-9ef4-9cf2448a6dd6  Machine learning helps Cloudera’s customers meet the demands of predictions on much larger data sets. Transamerica, for instance, uses Cloudera to test and validate data models at a much faster scale.  “As long-term business collaborators invested in each other’s technology, expanding our efforts in AI was a logical step. Collectively, we see the future potential in AI as untapped, despite massive leaps in technology and growing implementation in recent years,” said Michael Greene, vice president and general manager of the System Technologies and Optimization in Software Services Group, Intel Corporation. Together Cloudera, Intel and our ecosystem will unleash the power of AI to be faster, more expansive, and smarter from the beginning.” Read more about the benchmark. About Cloudera Cloudera delivers the modern data management, analytics and machine learning platform built on the latest open source technologies. The world’s leading organizations trust Cloudera to help solve their most challenging business problems with Cloudera Enterprise, the fastest, easiest and most secure data platform available for the modern world. Our customers efficiently capture, store, process and analyze vast amounts of data, empowering them to use advanced analytics to drive business decisions quickly, flexibly and at lower cost than has been possible before. To ensure our customers are successful, we offer comprehensive support, training and professional services. Learn more at cloudera.com. Connect with Cloudera Read our blogs: blog.cloudera.com and vision.cloudera.com Follow us on Twitter: twitter.com/cloudera Visit us on Facebook: facebook.com/cloudera Join the Cloudera Community: cloudera.com/community Cloudera, Hue and associated marks and trademarks or registered trademarks of Cloudera Inc. All other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners. ### 
Deborah Wiltshire
Cloudera
press@cloudera.com
+1 (650) 644-3900
 CategoriesUncategorized Tagsadvance, Arts, base, Business, capture, Companies, company, Culture, general, Industry, intelligence, Markets, officer, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious OPHT INVESTOR ALERT: The Law Offices of Vincent Wong Reminds Investors of a Class Action Involving Ophthotech Corporation and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of March 13, 2017 Next PostNext Electric Chain Hoist Market Growth Analysis by Applications and Competitive Landscape and Forecast to 2021 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Cablefax is Now Accepting Entries for The FAXIES Awards; Entry Deadline March 3 Adair Homes Unveils New, Bigger Design Center in Spokane, WA Danish ISV opens office in New York to serve the U.S. market with TRIMIT add-on business solutions based on Microsoft Dynamics NAV Winter Dry Skin Revival Radiance Kit For Rejuvenating Face & Body Care Released Honda Rearview Report: February 8 – February 10, 2017 Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Break♦ing 9♦1♦1 (noun): Newly Received Information About an Event That Is Currently Occurring or Developing. Home contact us News Tips For Your Entertainment Good News Stupid People Stupid Criminals Weird news Funny news People & Culture Animals Celebrities Election 2016 Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Jeb Bush Rand Paul Scott Walker Gay Pride / Marriage Gun Control Illegal Immigration Police LAPD NYPD Officer Shot Politics Bad News Car Accidents Cyber Attacks Domestic Violence Child Abuse Drug Busts Gangs Guns Iran Natural Disasters and Weather Police Brutality Racism Terrorism ISIS Violent Crime VIDEOS Viral Videos ISIS Videos HOME CONTACT US NEWS TIPS February 8, 2017 | 1:42 PM NEW: Intel announces $7 Billion investment in Arizona after Trump meeting February 8, 2017 | 1:42 PM Home » People & Culture » politics » NEW: Intel announces $7 Billion investment in Arizona after Trump meeting Politics February 8, 2017 Intel’s Fab 42 will Target Advanced 7 nm Technology and Create More Than 10,000 Jobs in Arizona WASHINGTON, D.C., Feb. 8, 2017 – Intel Corporation today announced plans to invest more than $7 billion to complete Fab 42, which is expected to be the most advanced semiconductor factory in the world. The high-volume factory is in Chandler, Ariz., and is targeted to use the 7 nanometer (nm) manufacturing process. It will produce microprocessors to power data centers and hundreds of millions of smart and connected devices worldwide. The announcement was made by U.S. President Donald Trump and Intel CEO Brian Krzanich at the White House. The completion of Fab 42 in 3 to 4 years will directly create approximately 3,000 high-tech, high-wage Intel jobs for process engineers, equipment technicians, and facilities-support engineers and technicians who will work at the site. Combined with the indirect impact on businesses that will help support the factory’s operations, Fab 42 is expected to create more than 10,000 total long-term jobs in Arizona. Context for the investment was outlined in an e-mail from Intel’s CEO to employees. “Intel’s business continues to grow and investment in manufacturing capacity and R&D ensures that the pace of Moore’s law continues to march on, fueling technology innovations the world loves and depends on,” said Krzanich. “This factory will help the U.S. maintain its position as the global leader in the semiconductor industry.” “Intel is a global manufacturing and technology company, yet we think of ourselves as a leading American innovation enterprise,” Krzanich added. “America has a unique combination of talent, a vibrant business environment and access to global markets, which has enabled U.S. companies like Intel to foster economic growth and innovation. Our factories support jobs — high-wage, high-tech manufacturing jobs that are the economic engines of the states where they are located.” Intel is America’s largest high-technology capital expenditure investor ($5.1 billion in the U.S. 2015) and its third largest investor in global R&D ($12.1 billion in 20151). The majority of Intel’s manufacturing and R&D is in the United States. As a result, Intel employs more than 50,000 people in the United States, while directly supporting almost half a million other U.S. jobs across a range of industries, including semiconductor tooling, software, logistics, channels, OEMs and other manufacturers that incorporate our products into theirs. The 7 nm semiconductor manufacturing process targeted for Fab 42 will be the most advanced semiconductor process technology used in the world and represents the future of Moore’s Law. In 1968 Intel co-founder Gordon Moore predicted that computing power will become significantly more capable and yet cost less year after year. Making a leading-edge computer chip is the most complex manufacturing process in the world, engineering magic that turns sand into semiconductors, the foundation of the knowledge economy. The chips made on the 7 nm process will power the most sophisticated computers, data centers, sensors and other high-tech devices, and enable things like artificial intelligence, more advanced cars and transportation services, breakthroughs in medical research and treatment, and more. These are areas that depend upon having the highest amount of computing power, access to the fastest networks, the most data storage, the smallest chip sizes, and other benefits that come from advancing Moore’s Law. - #breaking now Florida Man, 76, shoots wife in butt after she refuses sex An elderly newlywed who admitted to police he had yet to consummate his marriage shot his wife in the… 0 Comments 107291 Views Shia LaBeouf’s Anti-Trump Livestream Shut Down Over Safety Concerns Shia LaBeouf’s four-year anti-Trump exhibit has been shut down three weeks into its launch by museum officials. A live… 0 Comments 60926 Views WATCH: Bodycam Video Of Fatal Police Shootout in Alamogordo, New Mexico — Footage of the shooting that killed Alamogordo police Officer Clint Corvinus and wanted fugitive Joseph Moreno last September… 0 Comments 389378 Views Iran’s Rouhani warns US over ‘threatening language’ Iran isn’t seeking tensions but will stand up to any “bullying,” President Hassan Rouhani said as his nation marked… 0 Comments 46461 Views LIVE: President Trump Holds A Joint Press Conference With Japanese PM Abe 0 Comments 47191 Views 84 percent of Canadians disapprove of Trump as president President Donald Trump has an anemic approval rating in the United States – 54 percent of Americans disapprove of… 0 Comments 351725 Views WATCH: Dashcam Shows Troopers Rescue Suspect From Fiery Crash — The Minnesota State Patrol released dash cam video of a high-speed chase that resulted in a fiery crash… 0 Comments 42753 Views China detains a man for five days – for using his phone on a flight Between Jan. 5 and Feb. 6, police in Beijing detained three passengers for allegedly using their mobile phones during… 0 Comments 39646 Views #connect Never Miss Breaking News - Follow Breaking911 Follow us on Facebook likes Follow us on Twitter 176,620 followers #trending Longtime al Qaeda Leader Killed In U.S. Drone Strike comments 880439 Views U.S. Marshals: Sex offender released from federal prison is missing comments 791143 Views REVEALED: Over 900 Migrants Carried Out Germany NYE Sex Attacks comments 469614 Views NYC Man Shoveling Snow Dies In Bloody Freak Accident comments 451660 Views ‘Emergency’ Declared at Seattle Treatment Plant; Raw Sewage Flowing Into Puget Sound comments 436839 Views Massive Blackout Hits Belgian Capital of Brussels; ‘Security Alert’ Declared comments 414920 Views WATCH: Bodycam Video Of Fatal Police Shootout in Alamogordo, New Mexico comments 389381 Views Deadly Shooting Reported In Central Paris – [GRAPHIC IMAGE] comments 384537 Views Multiple People Injured After High-Wire Accident at Circus In Sarasota, Florida comments 381077 Views 84 percent of Canadians disapprove of Trump as president comments 351776 Views ‘THIS IS THE SILLIEST THING I EVER HEARD!’: Sean Spicer Goes Off On Reporter – WATCH comments 349775 Views Tennessee School Teacher Fired For Trump Facebook Post comments 320979 Views [related_posts_by_tax]
null
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Intel Supports American Innovation with $7 Billion Investment in Next-Generation Semiconductor Factory in Arizona WASHINGTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Intel Corporation today announced plans to invest more than $7 billion to complete Fab 42, which is expected to be the most advanced semiconductor factory in the world. The high-volume factory is in Chandler, Ariz., and is targeted to use the 7 nanometer (nm) manufacturing process. It will produce microprocessors to power data centers and hundreds of millions of smart and connected devices worldwide. The announcement was made by U.S. President Donald Trump and Intel CEO Brian Krzanich at the White House. The completion of Fab 42 in 3 to 4 years will directly create approximately 3,000 high-tech, high-wage Intel jobs for process engineers, equipment technicians, and facilities-support engineers and technicians who will work at the site. Combined with the indirect impact on businesses that will help support the factory’s operations, Fab 42 is expected to create more than 10,000 total long-term jobs in Arizona. Context for the investment was outlined in an e-mail from Intel’s CEO to employees. “Intel’s business continues to grow and investment in manufacturing capacity and R&D ensures that the pace of Moore’s law continues to march on, fueling technology innovations the world loves and depends on,” said Krzanich. “This factory will help the U.S. maintain its position as the global leader in the semiconductor industry.” “Intel is a global manufacturing and technology company, yet we think of ourselves as a leading American innovation enterprise,” Krzanich added. “America has a unique combination of talent, a vibrant business environment and access to global markets, which has enabled U.S. companies like Intel to foster economic growth and innovation. Our factories support jobs — high-wage, high-tech manufacturing jobs that are the economic engines of the states where they are located.” Intel is America’s largest high-technology capital expenditure investor ($5.1 billion in the U.S. 2015) and its third largest investor in global R&D ($12.1 billion in 20151). The majority of Intel’s manufacturing and R&D is in the United States. As a result, Intel employs more than 50,000 people in the United States, while directly supporting almost half a million other U.S. jobs across a range of industries, including semiconductor tooling, software, logistics, channels, OEMs and other manufacturers that incorporate our products into theirs. The 7 nm semiconductor manufacturing process targeted for Fab 42 will be the most advanced semiconductor process technology used in the world and represents the future of Moore’s Law. In 1968 Intel co-founder Gordon Moore predicted that computing power will become significantly more capable and yet cost less year after year. Making a leading-edge computer chip is the most complex manufacturing process in the world, engineering magic that turns sand into semiconductors, the foundation of the knowledge economy. The chips made on the 7 nm process will power the most sophisticated computers, data centers, sensors and other high-tech devices, and enable things like artificial intelligence, more advanced cars and transportation services, breakthroughs in medical research and treatment, and more. These are areas that depend upon having the highest amount of computing power, access to the fastest networks, the most data storage, the smallest chip sizes, and other benefits that come from advancing Moore’s Law. Intel and the Intel logo, are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. *Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others. 1: PWC Global Innovation 1000 study and Intel 2015 annual report. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Computing, Economy, Environment, Industry, intelligence, Markets, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Unified Office Adds Operations Performance Suite to its Total Connect Now(SM) Managed Hybrid Cloud Service Next PostNext RTD Infant Milk Market Growth Opportunities by Regions, Type & Application; Trend Forecast to 2021 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Saturday, February 11, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump to Issue Security Order While Weighing Course on Ban By PETER BAKER President Trump promised to introduce new measures by next week to prevent terrorists entering the country. While he vowed to keep fighting for the original order in court, he indicated that he would not wait to take action. Trump’s Legal Options in Travel Ban Case Immigrants on Edge at Reports of Raids By NICHOLAS KULISH, CAITLIN DICKERSON and LIZ ROBBINS 9:55 PM ET Despite social media accounts of mass roundups, it was unclear whether an executive order by Mr. Trump was the cause. News Analysis Trump Foreign Policy Quickly Loses Its Sharp Edge By MARK LANDLER The president is proving to be less of a radical than either his campaign statements or his tempestuous early phone calls with foreign leaders would suggest.  Comments Trump Backs Off on Taiwan, and China Gets Upper Hand Trump Adopts a Harder Line on Israeli Settlements Full Coverage of the Administration » NYT Now Trump Gets Chance to Reshape Fed as 3rd Official Quits By BINYAMIN APPELBAUM Daniel K. Tarullo, who has led financial regulation efforts, said on Friday that he would resign, leaving three vacant seats on the central bank’s board. MORE IN POLITICS Trump Vows to ‘Look Into’ Flynn’s Talks With Russia Trump Reassures Japan About Alliance Trump Rejects Tillerson’s Pick for Deputy Secretary of State DeVos Is Briefly Blocked From Entering a School Italian Judge Breaks Up Families as Way to Break Up the Mob By GAIA PIANIGIANI An Italian magistrate separates children from their mob families and moves them elsewhere in Italy to interrupt a generational cycle of criminality. The Daily 360 1:37 One Performer and 4,000 Boxes Joan Marcus. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. An opioid user in Rainelle, W.Va. Health officials say the Affordable Care Act has helped make progress in the opioid epidemic. Credit Mark Trent Without Health Law, Addicts May Lose Most By KATHARINE Q. SEELYE and ABBY GOODNOUGH The Affordable Care Act expanded access to mental health and addiction treatment, by designating them as “essential benefits.” Providers fear its repeal will be a setback in the opioid epidemic. Smarter Living Stories From Around the Web and in The Times We Recommend By ANNA DUBENKO and MICHELLE L. DOZOIS A guide to best stuff to read, watch and listen to, on and off The Times. Unbuttoned What You Need to Know About This Fashion Season By VANESSA FRIEDMAN From all the change in New York to the Paris gossip grapevine, the ready-to-wear shows are going to be as topsy-turvy as everyday life. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times African Nations’ Answer to Protests: Shut Down Internet By DIONNE SEARCEY and FRANCOIS ESSOMBA Governments facing opposition in sub-Saharan Africa call internet blackouts a security measure, but crippled communications are taking a toll on their economies. Illegal Voting Gets Texas Woman Jail, and Deportation By MICHAEL WINES Rosa Maria Ortega, a permanent resident, voted illegally in 2012 and 2014. Her punishment was strikingly harsh for an offense that usually merits far less jail time, if any. So, How Did I Do? Ms. Mearns donning makeup for her role as the Fairy Carabosse. Credit Natalie Keyssar for The New York Times This Ballet Dancer Has a New Role: Being Bad Sara Mearns, the glamorous New York City Ballet principal, discusses how she switched from her usual role in “Sleeping Beauty” to the evil Fairy Carabosse on Thursday night. By GIA KOURLAS Save this story to read later on any device. Save The Mystery of a Missing Hong Kong Tycoon Deepens By MICHAEL FORSYTHE and PAUL MOZUR Footage from the Four Seasons in Hong Kong where Xiao Jianhua, one of China’s wealthiest tycoons, lived is said to show him being taken away by about half a dozen unidentified men. Knicks Create a New Type of Loss in Banishing Oakley By SCOTT CACCIOLA The Knicks, bogged down by bad basketball and puzzling moves by team owner James L. Dolan, hit a new low when former star Charles Oakley was barred indefinitely from Madison Square Garden. Sports of The Times: Dolan’s Garden Is Falling. Run. Mayor and Comptroller Clash Over Body Camera Deal By WILLIAM NEUMAN Mayor Bill de Blasio traded barbs with city comptroller Scott M. Stringer over Mr. Stringer’s refusal to register a $6 million deal to supply police officers with body cameras. 10 Things to Do in NYC This Weekend and Beyond More News Mike Ilitch, Founder of Little Caesars Pizza, Dies at 87 12:00 AM ET Ljubisa Beara, Who Oversaw Srebrenica Massacre, Dies Rare Survivor of a Philippine Drug Raid Takes the Police to Court Former A.I.G. Leaders Reach Settlement in Fraud Case Ford to Invest $1 Billion in A.I. Start-Up California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. A Pianist’s Warsaw: ‘Fascination and Pain’ Piotr Anderszewski made a film, “Je M’Appelle Varsovie” (“Warsaw Is My Name”), that helped him come to terms with his conflicted feelings about his homeland. Nicolai Gedda, Celebrated Opera Tenor, Dies at 91 The Swedish singer rose from a poor childhood to become a renowned opera star in Europe and the United States. Ancient People Guided Brazil’s Forests by Hand New research finds that humans were sustainably managing the landscape, perhaps thousands of years before they were carving intricate geoglyphs into the earth. The Opinion Pages Editorial An Anti-Consumer Agenda at the F.C.C. This agency’s new chairman is bent on overturning Obama-era rules meant to make phone, cable and internet service fair and affordable.  Comments Op-Ed Contributor The Ties That Blind By RICHARD THOMPSON FORD What do those too shiny, badly knotted, adhesive-buttressed neckties say about the president? Join us on Facebook » Get My Racist Ancestor’s Name Off of Yale’s Campus By TOBIAS HOLDEN I am a black student who fought to scrub “Calhoun” from a Yale residence. I didn’t know I was his descendant. Editorial: America’s So-Called National Security Adviser Collins: Footing the Bill for Trumps 9:45 PM ET Brooks: A Gift for Donald Cohen: Am I Imagining This? Krugman: When the Fire Comes Egan: Democrats’ Sugar High Campus Politics in the Age of Trump User Subscriptions Aren’t We Off Sugar Now? Not Quite. Welcome Yotam Ottolenghi. Good, Bad and Mad: Andrew Rosenthal on the News Times Insider » Aren’t We Off Sugar Now? Not Quite. Welcome Yotam Ottolenghi. The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Music Latin Jazz is Booming Far Beyond the Grammys Sunday Review Welcome Back, Wall Street. Now Pay Us Back. In return for the death of Dodd-Frank, bankers should agree to a new compensation system, writes William D. Cohan. Mind Karen Pence Picks a Cause: Art Therapists Art & Design Wielding an Art Mightier Than the Sword Sunday Review Microbes, a Love Story Theater That ‘Sunset Boulevard’ Close-Up, Finely Focused Travel Evoking Bygone Jazz Age With Modern Touch Opinion Editorial Observer: Help! My Constituents Are After Me! Republicans afraid to buck President Trump play cat-and-mouse with angry voters. Book Review Ali Smith: By the Book N.Y. / Region At 100, a Conductor, Like the Music, Keeps Going Opinion Op-Ed: The Ties That Blind Food Thai Food to Hearten the Homesick in Queens Sections World » Dutch Get Creative to Solve a Prison Problem: Too Many Empty Cells Steve Bannon Cited Italian Thinker Who Inspired Fascists Canada Today: An Isolated Lake and a Welcome Mat for Refugees Business Day » Former A.I.G. Executives Reach Settlement in Accounting Fraud Case Daytime TV’s New Star? Sean Spicer Shopping Becomes a Political Act in the Trump Era Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: The Ties That Blind Editorial: An Anti-Consumer Agenda at the F.C.C. Gail Collins: Footing the Bill for Trumps U.S. » Addiction Treatment Grew Under Health Law. Now What? Reports of Raids Have Immigrants Bracing for Enforcement Surge Illegal Voting Gets Texas Woman 8 Years in Prison, and Certain Deportation Technology » Ford to Invest $1 Billion in Artificial Intelligence Start-Up Plan for $10 Billion Chip Plant Shows China’s Growing Pull Twitter Struggles to Capitalize on Influence and Posts Lackluster Earnings Arts » So, How Did I Do?: This City Ballet Dancer Has a New Role: Being Bad Review: It’s Norman Mailer vs. Feminists in ‘The Town Hall Affair’ Latin Jazz is Booming. Look Beyond the Grammys to Find It. Politics » News Analysis: Trump Foreign Policy Quickly Loses Its Sharp Edge Trump Will ‘Look Into’ Reports That Flynn Discussed Sanctions With Russia Tom Price Is Sworn in as Health Secretary Amid Senate Disunity Fashion & Style » 7 Things to Know From the First 2 Days of Fashion Week Fashion Review: At Calvin Klein, Raf Simons Raises the Bar Rag & Bone Says No to the Runway Show Movies » The Women of ‘Star Wars.’ (It’s Not Who You Think.) Before ‘Fifty Shades Darker’: 10 Kinky Films ‘The Ring’ Told Us in 2002 That the Medium Is the Monster New York » New York 101: How New York City Gets Its Electricity De Blasio and Stringer Trade Barbs Over Police Body Camera Deal Big City: Reaction in New York to Betsy DeVos? A Lot of Shrugs Sports » Sports of The Times: James Dolan’s Garden Is Falling. Run. Knicks Invent New Type of Loss as Owner Banishes Charles Oakley On Tennis: Trying to Find the Right Tennis Racket? Here’s a High-Tech Solution. Theater » Review: That ‘Sunset Boulevard’ Close-Up, Finely Focused Review: A New ‘Big River,’ Endearing but Ill Timed Review: ‘The Object Lesson’ Amid the Cardboard Clutter Science » Trilobites: Long Before Making Enigmatic Earthworks, People Reshaped Brazil’s Rain Forest Trilobites: Lunar Eclipse and Green Comet Make for Busy Friday Night in the Sky Trilobites: What Makes a Woman a Good Dancer? Watch the Hips, a Study Says Obituaries » Nicolai Gedda, Celebrated Opera Tenor, Dies at 91 Buchi Emecheta, Nigerian Novelist, Dies at 72 Ljubisa Beara, Who Oversaw Massacre at Srebrenica, Dies at 77 Television » Trump and ‘S.N.L.’: A Look Back at a Complicated Relationship Review: ‘The Dark Side of the Sun,’ and, by the Way, We’re Doomed The Walking Dead: ‘The Walking Dead’ Is Back: 7 Questions for the Second Half Premiere Health » Karen Pence Picks a Cause, and Art Therapists Feel Angst The New Old Age: Doctors See Gains Against ‘an Urgent Threat,’ C. Diff Tom Price Is Confirmed as Health Secretary Travel » 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Brooklyn Footsteps: Exploring the Montreal That Leonard Cohen Loved Next Stop: What to Find in Salinas Valley: Lush Fields, Good Wine and, Yes, Steinbeck Books » Fiction: Colson Whitehead on George Saunders’s Novel About Lincoln and Lost Souls Fiction & Nonfiction: Drawn Into the Middle East: A Novel, a Memoir and an Account of Life in the Region By the Book: Ali Smith: By the Book Education » New York Changes How It Tests for Lead in Schools’ Water, and Finds More Metal Pop Quiz | Math: Are You College-Ready? Trying to Solve a Bigger Math Problem Food » A Good Appetite: This Sauce Makes Everything Taste Better City Kitchen: Pastry for Those Who Prefer Savory to Sweet Hungry City: Thai Food to Hearten the Homesick at Dek Sen in Elmhurst, Queens Sunday Review » Linda Greenhouse: Will the Supreme Court Stand Up to Trump? Opinion: Why Nobody Cares the President Is Lying Editorial: Mr. Trump’s Random Insult Diplomacy Real Estate » Loving the Bodega Downstairs 360 View: Light Bulbs That Help You Sleep What I Love: Barbara Barrie’s Loft in the Sky The Upshot » Public Health: How to Fix (or Wreck) Obamacare: Advice for Tom Price Simplifying Shelter: Why Falling Home Prices Could Be a Good Thing Economic View: A Tax Overhaul Would Be Great in Theory. Here’s Why It’s So Hard in Practice. Magazine » Feature: How a Fractious Women’s Movement Came to Lead the Left Feature: The Preacher and the Sheriff Feature: 600 Miles in a Coffin-Shaped Bus, Campaigning Against Death Itself Automobiles » Driven: Video Review: Porsche Panamera Now Has Looks to Match Its Speed and Luxury Trump Wants More American Cars in Japan. Japan’s Drivers Don’t. German Automakers Step Up to Silicon Valley Challenge T Magazine » In the Studio With Mansur Gavriel, Where Instagram Is Real Life All You Need to Know About Fashion Week Going Home With Chloë Sevigny Times Insider » What We’re Reading Talk to The Times: Does the Idea of a Travel Ban Make You Mad, Sad or Glad? Looking Back: 1941 | On a Day of Infamy, The Times Is On the Air Real Estate » What I Love Barbara Barrie’s Loft in the Sky By JOANNE KAUFMAN A Broadway actress on what matters most at home: quiet and light. Mostly light. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Skip to main content e-Paper Newsletter Advertisement Contact Newspaper Business Opinion Sports A & E Lifestyle Bytes Showbiz Shout epaper All Sections Multimedia Video Stories World Star Weekend Spaces Shift Next Step In Focus Literature Book Reviews Health Science Law & Our Rights Wide Angle Environment Travel City Country Supplements Round Tables Home Business 12:00 AM, February 09, 2017 / LAST MODIFIED: 11:19 AM, February 09, 2017 Grameen Intel takes up project to improve maternal health 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link Kazi I Huque Muhammad Zahidul Islam Grameen Intel has developed a state-of-the-art smart bangle, especially designed for pregnant women, that can play a revolutionary role in improving maternal health, said a top official of the company. This is an innovative and absolutely new concept not only in Bangladesh but also in the rest of the world, Kazi I Huque, chief executive of Grameen Intel Social Business Ltd, told The Daily Star in an interview recently. Grameen Intel soon plans to go for large-scale marketing of the bangle that has been named Coel; it will be available at a price of Tk 1,000 to Tk 1,200, said Huque, who is also the finance director for Intel Corporation. A unique feature of the bangle is that it can detect and alert the presence and level of indoor air pollution, particularly carbon monoxide, during daily activities like cooking that often involves burning wood, charcoal or animal dung, said Huque. The smart bangle, especially designed for pregnant women, can play an important role in improving maternal health. Photo: Star “We developed and designed the bangle in Dhaka, and took help from Intel to install the silicon in it.” Coel is a water resistant bangle made of high quality durable plastic. The device lasts for 10 months, the entire pregnancy period, without charging and is also programmed to deliver about 80 pregnancy related wellness messages. The messages have been taken from an UN Foundation initiative called MAMA-Mobile Alliance for Maternal Action, which are used by 7.5 million women through 160 institutions in 54 countries. Grameen Intel has translated the short messages on -- proper diet, vaccination, when to see a doctor, and preparations for delivery -- into Bangla and installed in the bangle. The device does not require internet connectivity to function. It is crucial that a pregnant woman gets the right information at the right time, making Coel the right device to meet such advisory needs. This device can be set up according to the pregnancy dates and it will provide the pregnancy related messages accordingly -- around two messages each week -- to ensure the good health and wellness of the mother and the child. Huque said they have piloted this device and found positive feedback, with some recommendations. Currently, they have only one size, which fit around 60 percent of all women. “This is too big or too small for some women, so we need to work on it.” The country's leading social business company plans to market Coel directly and in some cases, they will join hands with a few non-governmental organisations that are working on health issues. Huque has 16 years of experience with Intel in their finance division and has led many worldwide investment projects. Prior to Intel, he worked as a technology consultant for EDS, now a division of HP. Grameen Intel is also working on e-agro solutions and some other software that helps increase crop productivity. The company has developed different software for use in other countries as well. From Bangladesh, they run business in two other countries -- India and Cambodia. In India the company has a partner and they joined hands with IFAD, a UN organisation in Cambodia. “We are currently running a project in India that is similar to the one in Bangladesh. We are using new technologies there and trying to find solutions to reduce their cost of agro production and help increase productivity.” The company is developing a portable digital soil testing kit that will automatically test soil conditions and recommend necessary fertilisers. “On average, this kit will help increase production by around 30 percent, though it also depends on weather and rainfall,” Huque said. In 2008, Craig Barrett, then chairman of Intel Corporation, and Nobel Peace laureate Prof Muhammad Yunus announced to create a social business along with Intel and Grameen. They signed a memorandum of understanding and started the company next year. On Bangladesh's prospects in the digitisation process and investment in high-tech industries, Huque said it needs to establish huge infrastructure and connectivity like roads, power generation, and internet accessibility. At the same time, it needs to increase government investment in developing quality manpower. “If we can develop infrastructure properly and ensure high quality human resources, investment will not be an issue.” And only then, global giants will show their interest in investing here in Bangladesh, he added. Copyright: Any unauthorized use or reproduction of The Daily Star content for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited and constitutes copyright infringement liable to legal action. Leave your comments Comment Policy Top News View More Most Popular Stories Popular In Business Kremlin wants apology from Fox News over Putin comments Recognising and preventing low blood sugar Brac University says ‘hi’ to first nano-satellite AL leader Suranjit Sengupta passes away Dhaka-Syria-Dhaka Five Side Effects Of Staying Up Late Sirajganj journo killing: Video shows ‘municipal mayor with gun’ Priyanka blasts Trump’s immigration ban Suranjit Sengupta: At a glance New financial model benefits Bangladesh BlackBerry eyes Bangladesh for expansion New DMD for United Commercial Bank Asia's digital future must include all Bank deposits rise despite falling interest rates Bangladesh can become 28th largest economy by 2030: PwC Mechanised farming gets a boost 3 banks get nod to open branches in Saudi Arabia Complaints against banks highest in four years: report Exports up in Jan, thanks to apparel Mobile messaging firm Infobip opens Dhaka office 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link Top News View More More from Business World's biggest copper mine faces long, hard strike Toshiba receives bids as high as $3.6b for chip business stake KFC operator Yum China beats earning expectations Nokia seeks to buy Finnish telecoms software firm Comptel for $370m India inflation seen cooling in January In case you missed it What next for our cricket? A boy extraordinaire No interest in Hollywood? The Wows and Woes of winter 2016 Warmest Year on Record Globally Multimedia you may like Mirpur’s Jalladkhana in photos England tour of Bangladesh, 2nd Test England tour of Bangladesh, 3rd ODI Sports in Pictures Floating schools gear up education for underprivileged ‘Chalanbeel’ kids Opening ceremony facebook twitter Instagram google plus youtube About Us Contact Us SMS Subscription Apps Comment Policy RSS Sitemap Advertisement Newsletter Conference Hall Archives © 2017 / thedailystar.net | Powered By: RSI LAB Top
News and Press Release Distribution, Since 1995 Deliver Your News to the World Sign In Create a Free Account Home News How We Work Compare Services FAQ All WebPost WebPost PPC WebRelease Targeted Media Wire Service Intel Unveils Security Readiness Program to Help Prevent Cybercrime in Health Care WEBWIRE – Wednesday, February 8, 2017 Intel has teamed up with over 40 solution providers to create the Healthcare Security Readiness Program, aimed at helping to prevent breaches, including cybercrime hacking and ransomware. Nearly 90 percent of health care organizations  often seen as vulnerable targets lagging in security compared with peers in other industries, such as financial services  have experienced a breach in the past two years.1 Intel will share more about the program and results at the Healthcare Information and Management Systems Society (HIMSS) 2017 event from 12 to 1 p.m. EST Monday, Feb. 20. Intel and multiple industry partners will also run an interactive group security readiness workshop and information sharing session at HIMSS 2017 from 2-5 p.m. EST Wednesday, Feb. 22. Press Kit: Advancing Data-Driven Health Care Solution Through its collaborations, the Intel program is already addressing the security capabilities of more than 60 health care organizations across nine countries, shining light on priorities across eight types of breaches and ransomware along with strengths, weaknesses and opportunities across 42 security capabilities. According to the FBI, ransomware is expected to become a $1 billion a year crime in 2016, up 6,000 percent from just $24 million in 2015.2 The average total cost of a breach is now $4 million2, with health care leading all industries in terms of per capita impact at $355 per patient record breached. Ransomware, software that blocks access to data in exchange for payment, has severely disrupted health care with some infections causing health care organizations to shut down and send some of their patients elsewhere.3 To help health care organizations understand where they stand in terms of security and how they measure relative to their peers and the industry, the Healthcare Security Readiness Program provides one-hour complimentary and confidential workshops. In addition to assessing maturity, priorities and capabilities, health care organizations also learn through this engagement how their security capabilities relate to HIPAA, NIST, PCI DSS, ISO2700x, CIS, and GDPR requirements. Ransomware is the highest priority type of breach, and health care organizations show a wide spread in readiness from having as little as only 17 percent of the relevant security capabilities to having up to 85 percent, said Jennifer Esposito, general manager of Global Health and Life Sciences at Intel Corporation. The average readiness for ransomware across health care is only 58 percent revealing that there is much room for improvement in security capabilities to mitigate risk. The programs findings show that even foundational capabilities such as Security Incident Response Plans are severely lacking, with only a 58 percent average level of implementation across health care. Health care organizations can supplement existing regulatory, data protection law and standards compliance activities with this valuable additional security readiness input to better inform future security decisions, reduce risk of breaches and ransomware, and pave the way for improved patient care. Learn more about this program and view a sample report at Intel.com/BreachSecurity or contact BreachSecurity@Intel.com for further information.   1 Ponemon Sixth Annual Benchmark Study on Privacy & Security of Healthcare Data 2 Ransomware: Now a Billion Dollar a Year Crime and Growing 3 Ransomware takes Hollywood hospital offline, $3.6M demanded by attackers ( Press Release Image: http://photos.webwire.com/prmedia/2/207608/207608-1.jpg ) Related Links Source WebWireID207608 This news content was configured by WebWire editorial staff. Linking is permitted. News Release Distribution and Press Release Distribution Services Provided by WebWire. Tools Printer-friendly version Email this Release Email Form Your Name Your Email Your Recipient's Name Your Recipient's Email Comments Verification Code: Please type in this box the code you see above: Send Bookmark this Release Show all del.icio.us Yahoo! Google Live Ask BlinkList Diigo Slashdot Technorati Simpy Netvouz Mister Wong Share this Release Show All Reddit LinkedIn StumbleUpon Twitter Digg My Space Mixx Squidoo Newsvine Fark Blue Dot WebWire Related Industries Computer Networks Computer Software Health Care / Hospitals High Tech Security Internet Technology Distribute Your News Every day, hundreds of individuals and companies choose WebWire to distribute their news. WebWire places your news within numerous highly trafficked news search engines generating leads and publicity. Submit Your Release Now! WebWire® 1995 - 2017 About Us Terms of Service Privacy Statement
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Intel to invest $7 billion in factory in Arizona, employ 3,000 Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Wednesday, 8 Feb 2017 | 1:04 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Intel CEO meets with President Trump in Oval Office    Wednesday, 8 Feb 2017 | 1:05 PM ET | 04:21 Intel chief executive Brian Krzanich met with President Donald Trump on Wednesday, where the company announced it will invest $7 billion in a factory employing up to 3,000 people. The factory will be in Chandler, Arizona, the company said, and over 10,000 people in the Arizona area will support the factory. Krzanich confirmed to CNBC that the investment over the next three to four years would be to complete a previous plant, Fab 42, that was started and then left vacant. The 7 nanometer chips will be produced there will be "the most powerful computer chips on the planet," Krzanich said in the Oval Office with the Trump administration. Most Intel manufacturing happens in the U.S., Krzanich said. show chapters Intel CEO: To invest $7B in Arizona chip factory    Wednesday, 8 Feb 2017 | 1:02 PM ET | 02:17 "America has a unique combination of talent, a vibrant business environment and access to global markets, which has enabled U.S. companies like Intel to foster economic growth and innovation," Krzanich said in a statement. "Our factories support jobs — high-wage, high-tech manufacturing jobs that are the economic engines of the states where they are located." After the announcement, Trump tweeted his thanks to Krzanich, calling the factory a great investment in jobs and innovation. Tweet: "Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS! #AmericaFirst" It comes as the technology industry has pushed back against the Trump administration, amid mounting pressure to move manufacturing jobs back to the U.S. There will be no incentives from the federal government for the Intel project, the White House said. Intel was one of more than 100 companies that joined together to file a legal brief opposing Trump's temporary travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority nations. The White House had said earlier that Vice President Mike Pence would speak on Wednesday with Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk, a member of Trump's business advisory council, whose companies had also signed onto the brief. Intel has been criticized in conservative publications such as Breitbart, for laying off thousands of staffers, despite an influx of visa requests. — Reuters contributed to this report. show chapters Intel CEO announces new investment in the US    Wednesday, 8 Feb 2017 | 1:10 PM ET | 00:48 Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home Radio TV Ghana Contact I Blame The Black Man For Why Black Women Bleach Their Skin News Sports Africa World Opinions Politics Business Diaspora LifeStyle Entertainment Real Estate Classifieds Media Members Elections 2016 News Archive General News Health News Corruption Scandals References General News | 7 February 2017 10:02 CET  0  Comment BoG In GH¢4.7bn Dodgy Contract  By Daily Guide Previous | Next  Dr Issahaku Nashiru, BoG Governor The Bank of Ghana (BoG) has awarded a multi-billion-cedi contract to Sibton Switch Systems Limited to implement a retail payment system infrastructure in Ghana. The contract, which is seen by many industry experts as unnecessary and shady, will see Sibton Switch Systems Limited – a company formed only in August 2015 – run a system to make banks, mobile money platforms and other payment systems interoperable. Initial figure sighted by DAILY GUIDE as the cost submitted by Sibton to the Bank of Ghana (BoG) for the implementation of the retail payment system was GH¢4,667,414,340.82. What raises eyebrows is the fact that two other entities that bid for the same contract – Vas Intel Limited and Mericom Solutions Limited – submitted tender amounts and packages worth GH¢14,094,795.00 and GH¢5,465,396.06 respectively. Vas Intel Files For Annulment Minutes of a tender committee meeting dated Monday, July 04, 2016, capture the bids submitted by all the three interested companies. The tender committee, chaired by Mr Innocent Asamoah, in its remarks after the evaluation of the tenders, concluded that all three were responsive and met their expectations and so awarded the contract to Sibton Switch Systems Limited. This led Vas InteL Limited to write to the BoG to protest the award of the contract to Sibton Switch Systems Limited. In its letter dated July 25, 2016, Vas Intel wrote that it was conceivably impracticable for the BoG to award a contract to Sibton within six business days after the opening of tenders on July 4, 2016. According to the letter, “All procurement actions taken by the BoG pursuant to Act 663 must be done with a strict and uncompromising adherence to the principles of transparency and fairness so as to protect and preserve public property and interest, as well as the integrity of the laws governing public procurement within the territory of the Republic of Ghana.” Telecom operators in the country are unhappy about moves by the Central Bank to impose on them a third-party company which will be intermediate in mobile money transactions across different networks. Telecom Operators Outraged The Ghana Chamber of Telecommunications has bared its teeth at the Central Bank and condemned the move to impose Sibton Switch Systems Limited on the players in the industry. In a letter dated January 9, 2017, the chamber argues that the move by the BoG and Sibton is not in alignment with international standards or benchmarks. They also argue that the fees being charged by the switch are too high and have the potential to undermine the successes chalked by the industry. The Telecoms Chamber, after meetings with banks, mobile money operators and the Central Bank, warned that aside the outrageous costs of the project, the scope was also not well defined and could run the industry into a state of chaos. Case For GHIPSS The Ghana Interbank Payment and Settlement Systems Limited (GhIPSS) is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank of Ghana. It was incorporated in May 2007 with a mandate to implement and manage interoperable payment system infrastructure for banks and non-bank financial institutions in Ghana. Industry leaders believe that the BoG should annul the deal with Sibton Switch Systems Limited and offer GhIPSS the needed leverage to continue integrating payment systems like they have successfully done over the past decade. Comments: This article has 0 comment, leave your comment. Do you have an article for publication? Please email it to editor@modernghana.com.  0  Comment General News The Tv Analogue To Digital Circus In Ghana; Will Joe Anokye’s Anchor Hold? Saturday, February 11, 2017 The story begins when the 150-year-old telecoms organization, called the International Telecoms Unio ... Mahogany Consult Marks 5 Years Anniversary Saturday, February 11, 2017 Mahogany Consult, an independent and wholly owned Ghanaian Public Relations Agency, has commemorated ... Family Of Otiko Djaba Commends President, Parliament. Friday, February 10, 2017 The Henry Djaba family has commended the president, Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo and the leadershi ... Women Oyster Harvesters Ready For Community Co-mamgement Plan Friday, February 10, 2017 More than 100 fisher folks, mostly women and traditional leaders from Tsokomey, Bortianor, Oshie, ... show more stories Sometimes silence is the loudest noise By: Akwasi Dill - New Ze More Quotes | Submit Quote Latest Popular Comments These Ndc Apologists Make Me Wince Brother Martin Amidu Is Too Precious An Asset To Consign To The Waste Bin "i Really Believe In Oliv Radio, Because It's The Future Of Online Radio" False Prophets Are Leading Many Ghanaians Astray The Tv Analogue To Digital Circus In Ghana; Will Joe Anokye’s Anchor Hold? Why We Have To Brush Our Teeth With Fluoridated Toothpaste Politics Is About Service To Nation – Mahama Ashanti Healthy Survey: More Men Becoming Hypertensive We Will Investigate Poor Services By British Airways – Cecelia Dapaah 11 Year Old Student Pens Emotional Letter To President Nana Addo Two Police Officers Arrested After 'escorting Robbers' Flagstaff House Clears V8 Cars At Tema Port Over 200 State Cars Missing…nana Addo Forced To Use His Private Vehicle! Photos: Australia House – Bawumia’s Official Residence  mahama Breaks Silence On Ndc Defeat “i Was Surprised With Nana’s 53.85% Victory” – Kwadwo Mpiani Group Kick Against Splitting Of Volta Region To Make Way For New Region Akufo Addo Confirms He  can’t Sleep Politics Is About Service To Nation – Mahama “missing Cars, Diversionary Tactics By Akufo- Addo Administration”-joseph Yamin Photo Of The Week: Catherine Kisses Husband After Grilling Vetting How Dag Heward-mills Stabbed Me In The Back: An Intriguing Epistle From The Grac Dear Nana Akuffo Addo, I Wish You A Happy Chocolate Day… Asiedu-nketia Had Better Mind His Words Family Of Otiko Djaba Commends President, Parliament. Gov’t Still Holding My Personal Car – Agyenim-boateng Lower Manya Group Wants Ndc Constituency Executives Suspended Home About us Contact Us Feedback Ghana Radio Advertise RSS Feeds Site Map Partners Links Terms of use Privacy News News headlines General News Education Crime/Punishment Social Affairs Press Releases Regional News Health News Sports Sport News Premier League CAN 2013 CAN 2012 CAN 2010 CAN 2008 Worldcup 2010 Worldcup 2014 Politics Elections 2012 Elections 2008 CPP News NPP News NDC News PNC News PPP News Diaspora UK & Ireland United States Canada Germany Switzerland Netherlands Italy France Real Estate Homes For Sale Uncompleted Houses Bargain Houses Luxury Houses House For Rent Unserviced Plots Serviced Plots Entertainment News Online Radio Watch TV Watch Movies Audio Releases Music Albums Video Clips Africa Nigeria Egypt Libya Uganda Congo Liberia Kenya Ivory Coast South Africa Opinions Columnists Featured Articles Opinions Editorial Letters Critics Commentaries Have Your Say Polls & Surveys Business Trading Results Real Estate Classifieds Business Directory Website Directory Book Directory LifeStyle Health Beauty/Fashion Family/Parenting Health/Fitness Home/Food Poetry Relationships Social Issues Women Issues Classifieds Announcements Business Services Jobs/Employment Computers/Software Car/Trucks Friendships/Penpals Datings/Relationship Members All Profiles Female Profiles Male Profiles Hot Or Not All trademarks and copyrights on this page are owned by their respective owners. 2005-2017, © Copyright ModernGhana.com Other sites of MG Media Group Modern Ghana, The Nigerian Voice, Nollywood Gists
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Confirmation hearings ObamaCare Donald Trump SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Trump line of home items removed from Kmart, Sears: report Blog Briefing Room — 4h 56m ago Dem rep: Trump has ‘underestimated’ Americans House — 4h 58m ago Oracle reopens legal battle with Google Technology — 5h 20m ago Trump: I won't allow immigration to be ‘turned against us’ Administration — 5h 38m ago Protests erupt in NYC over immigration enforcement raids Blog Briefing Room — 6h 21s ago Sanders: Flynn reports ‘very troubling’ Senate — 6h 16m ago Report: Trump taunts Dems for letting 'Pocahontas' Warren become 'face of your party' Blog Briefing Room — 6h 31m ago WH denies report that it's interviewing for press secretary Administration — 6h 55m ago view all   Trump, Pence to talk with tech leaders amid tensions over travel ban By Ali Breland - 02/08/17 12:30 PM EST 28   © Getty Images President Trump and Vice President Pence are set to speak with tech leaders Wednesday amid frosty relations between the White House and the industry prompted by the recent executive order on refugees and immigration. Trump is scheduled to meet with Intel CEO Brian Krzanich and Pence will speak via phone with Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk, who sits on the president’s Strategic and Policy Forum. Representatives from Intel and SpaceX did not give details on the meeting, and Tesla did not immediately return The Hill’s request for comment. ADVERTISEMENT An initially burgeoning relationship between the technology industry and Trump abruptly changed course last week when he issued an executive order banning foreign nationals from seven countries with predominantly Muslim populations. The order spurred negative responses from across the tech industry, including Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, Google CEO Sundar Pichai and Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos. Krzanich and Musk also spoke out against the ban. "I have heard from many of you, and share your concern over the recent executive order and want you to know this is not a policy we can support," Krzanich’s told Intel employees, according to The Oregonian. The outcry culminated in an amicus brief against the order jointly filed by over 100 tech companies including Intel, Tesla and SpaceX. However, even after Uber CEO Travis Kalanick stepped down from the Strategic and Policy Forum, a presidential advisory group, Musk defended his decision to stay, tweeting, “Activists should be pushing for more moderates to advise President, not fewer. How could having only extremists advise him possibly be good?”  Musk added that the travel ban was a prioritized topic during the forum’s first meeting last Friday: At my request, the agenda for yesterday's White House meeting went from not mentioning the travel ban to having it be first and foremost— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) February 4, 2017   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 FEC commissioner to Trump: Show... "Allegations of this magnitude cannot be ignored," Ellen Weintraub said. 282 Shares 2 Protesters block DeVos from... Education Secretary Betsy DeVos was greeted with protesters when she tried... 254 Shares 3 Trump officials scramble after... The administration is weighing its legal options, including rewriting the... 144 Shares 4 Trump rips court for ‘disgraceful... President Trump on Friday morning ripped into an appeals court’s decision... 136 Shares 5 WH denies report that it's... Carl Higbie said he has spoken with the White House "regarding... 132 Shares 6 Confusion as Priebus says maybe... Will the White House appeal a court ruling against President Trump's... 125 Shares 7 Trump nixed candidate for State... President Trump has rejected a top candidate for deputy secretary of State... 98 Shares 8 Poll: Majority of travel ban... Roughly half of Americans who support President Trump’s controversial... 94 Shares 9 Spicer: White House ‘disgusted by... Spicer was responding about CNN's latest reporting about President Trump... 80 Shares 10 Trump line of home items removed... Sears and Kmart are no longer selling products from the Trump Home line on... 79 Shares 11 Report: Trump taunts Dems for... President Trump reportedly mocked Democrats in a meeting with senators... 77 Shares 12 Trump administration seen as more... The Trump administration is more trusted than the news media among voters... 76 Shares 13 GOP frets over too-high... President Trump and GOP leaders on Capitol Hill have promised voters that... 72 Shares 14 Trump hints at new travel order... President Trump said Friday he will take action as soon as next week to... 69 Shares 15 Dem senator calls out Trump for... Sen. Martin Heinrich (D-N.M.) called out President Trump on Twitter Friday... 66 Shares 16 FCC should retain net neutrality... OPINION | Net neutrality helps consumers over telecom companies. 57 Shares 17 McCaskill calls for FBI briefing... Democratic senator wants briefing "as soon as possible" on potential FBI... 55 Shares 18 Dem rep: Trump has ‘underestimated... "We will resist on behalf of what is American," Rep. Joe Crowley (D-N.Y.)... 49 Shares 19 Top oversight lawmakers ask ethics... The two top lawmakers on the House Oversight Committee on Thursday called... 45 Shares 20 Is Gorsuch a secret liberal? Trump... OPINION | From his court opinions to historical precedent, Gorsuch might... 45 Shares 21 Russia considering giving Snowden... Russia believes returning Snowden to the U.S. is a way to "curry favor"... 44 Shares 22 Rupert Murdoch-owned outlets get... President Trump only chose media outlets owned by conservative mogul... 43 Shares 23 GOP bill would gut EPA Rep. Sam Johnson (R-Texas)  introduced the Wasteful EPA Programs... 43 Shares 24 Trump: Immigration can’t be ‘... "We must take firm steps today to ensure we are safe tomorrow," he said. 43 Shares 25 Trump White House besieged by leaks Donald Trump’s White House has sprung a remarkable number of leaks since... 43 Shares 26 Protesters swarm Chaffetz town hall Demonstrators repeatedly booed Chaffetz when he mentioned President Trump. 43 Shares 27 Protests erupt in NYC over... Hundreds gathered in New York City Friday night to protest raids by... 41 Shares 28 Baldwin, Fallon break out dueling... Jimmy Fallon and Alec Baldwin are going head-to-head — or Trump-to-Trump... 41 Shares 29 After appeals court ruling, Trump... OPINION | The ruling backed Trump's immigration ban into a corner. 40 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Clearwater Compliance Joins Intel Healthcare Security Readiness Program NASHVILLE, Tenn.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Today Clearwater Compliance, a leading provider of hospital cybersecurity and compliance solutions, announced an agreement to join the Intel Healthcare Security Readiness Program to help health & life sciences (HLS) organizations manage their growing cybersecurity risk. An open industry collaboration with multiple industry partners, this program helps healthcare organizations globally with the urgent challenges of breaches and ransomware that have reached alarming levels of frequency and impact, averaging $4 million USD per breach event according to the Ponemon Institute 2016 Cost of a Data Breach Study. Healthcare has the highest per capita cost, averaging $355 USD per patient record breached. Ransomware infections in healthcare in 2016 have resulted in healthcare organizations being severely disrupted to the point of needing to send patients elsewhere. No healthcare organization wants to be lagging the industry and relatively vulnerable to breaches and ransomware. However, it has been a challenge in the past for healthcare organizations to measure how they are doing with their security relative to the rest of the industry. With this readiness program, healthcare organizations can gain valuable insights by assessing their security maturity, priorities and capabilities against the global healthcare industry. A one-hour complimentary confidential engagement enables healthcare organizations to see how their security compares, identify opportunities for improvement, and identify where such improvements may also help with compliance. Healthcare organizations will not only be positioned to both exceed the healthcare industry in security readiness, but will also comply with standards and regulations including National Institute of Standards and Technology, HIPAA and The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. Clearwater will work with healthcare CIOs and CISOs to evaluate priorities across eight key types of breaches and ransomware, and 42 key security capabilities, including administrative, physical and technical safeguards that can help mitigate the risk of security breaches and ransomware. Confidential readiness analysis results and insights will be shared with the healthcare organization. These results show security maturity, priorities and capabilities relative to the healthcare industry, and shine a light on areas where the healthcare organization may be lagging the industry and that require closer attention. “Our goal in 2017 is to leverage Intel’s global data and distinctive program as a new engagement model to give hospital leaders powerful insights to help them protect what they value most – financial stability, brand reputation and patient safety,” said Bob Chaput, CEO and founder of Clearwater Compliance. “We are rolling out a bold plan to introduce the Intel program to the hundreds of hospitals and health systems around the country that have benefited from Clearwater’s solutions. Intel and Clearwater are in pursuit of a common mission centered on empowering hospital leaders to solve healthcare’s toughest cybersecurity challenges so they can stay focused on patient care. And with Intel, we are in an incredible position to seize new growth while bringing value to patient safety and healthcare organizations.” The announcement marks the continued growth across Intel’s extensive partner ecosystem by selecting Clearwater Compliance to join Intel’s Security Readiness Program, a global pilot program. It also comes at an opportune time for Clearwater with the company experiencing record growth and its recent rollout and strong demand for its Cyber Risk Services™ (CRS™) solution. CRS is a new managed solution endorsed by the American Hospital Association that helps hospitals and health systems establish and mature their cybersecurity programs. To get started today on receiving a confidential benchmark analysis, healthcare CIOs and CISOs should visit: http://go.clearwatercompliance.com/healthcare-breach-security-assessment-brought-to-you-by-clearwater-intel-health-and-life-sciences. “Both Intel and Clearwater are aligned in the goals and strategies to help healthcare organizations analyze and improve their security, reduce risk of breaches and ransomware, build patient trust, and enable new technology adoption to improve the quality and reduce the cost of patient care,” said Jennifer Esposito, General Manager of Global Health and Life Sciences at Intel Corporation. About Clearwater Compliance Clearwater Compliance, LLC is a leading provider of healthcare compliance and cyber risk management solutions. Its mission is to empower hospitals and health systems to successfully manage healthcare’s evolving cybersecurity risks and ensure patient safety. Exclusively endorsed by the American Hospital Association, Clearwater solutions have been deployed within hundreds of hospitals and health systems, Fortune 100 organizations and federal government institutions. More information about Clearwater Compliance is at http://www.clearwatercompliance.com. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsattention, Business, Companies, company, general, Health, hospital, Industry, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious A.M. Best Upgrades Credit Ratings of Boston Mutual Life Insurance Company and Life Insurance Company of Boston & New York Next PostNext A.M. Best Assigns Credit Ratings to Zurich Insurance (Taiwan) Ltd. Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: CPU News 14 AMD Ryzen's x86 core is 10pc more compact than Intel's by Mark Tyson on 8 February 2017, 10:01 Tags: AMD (NYSE:AMD), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qadd4c Add to My Vault: A white paper from AMD, presented at the International Solid State Circuits Conference (ISSCC), contained details about the Zen x86 core and the design techniques behind it. Two impressive facts came to light during the session attended by engineers from various chip making firms. Firstly, AMD's 14nm Zen x86 cores fit into a 10 per cent smaller die than Intel's second generation 14nm processor cores. Secondly AMD's chip construction techniques enabled a reduction in switching capacitance by 15 per cent compared to its existing chips. A report from the ISSCC by the EETimes says that "analysts and even Intel engineers in the session said the Zen core is clearly competitive." Whether AMD can save money on manufacturing, thanks to its more compact die requirements, remains to be seen and can be impacted by many further variables. Looking at the table above you can see that the 14nm Zen x86 quad-core cluster takes up 44mm2, compared to an Intel Skylake quad-core at 49mm2. AMD has previously worked very hard and enjoyed excellent results from design-level enhancements. For example it managed to implement a 30 per cent reduction in layout area by using a high density cell library template for the Steamroller chip design, resulting in both area and power reductions. Switching capacitance with Zen has been reduced by 15 per cent. The white paper notes that AMD moved to metal-insulator-metal capacitors in its latest designs which has "helped lower operating voltages and provide greater per-core voltage and frequency control". The EETimes reports that AMD engineers worked for over a year on reducing switching capacitance. Related Reading 15 Intel Cannonlake touted to offer >15pc performance improvement Meanwhile the 24C/48T Intel Xeon Processor E7-8894 v4 has launched. 34 UK and US prices for AMD R7 Ryzen processors spotted ShopBLT in the US, and Kikatek in the UK, let slip pricing details a bit early. 17 Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to 7.2GHz using liquid helium der8auer achieved this feat at the ASUS Absolute Zero event in Taipei. Intel finalising Ryzen spoiler Core i7 and i5 chip designs says report Intel makes $7 billion investment into Fab 42 for 7nm technology Intel's Nvidia GPU licensing deal ends next month AMD Ryzen processor full lineup leaked HEXUS Forums :: 14 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by Valantar - Wed 08 Feb 2017 10:47 While most of this is too technical for me to fully grasp, it seems that AMDs engineers have done a bang-up job with the design of the Ryzen core. I'm well and truly impressed. As long as performance lives up to expectations (i.e. comparable IPC to BDW-E), I'll probably end up getting at least one Ryzen CPU. Even if final shipping clocks are lower than KBL, an unlocked 6-core for quad core i5-i7 money sounds very good to me. Posted by CAPTAIN_ALLCAPS - Wed 08 Feb 2017 11:57 Interesting that AMD have the smaller core despite their “14nm” fab process having larger feature sizes than Intel's 14nm process. I wonder if this density has costs associated with it (e.g. lower frequencies, more prone to electromigration) or if Intel were simply lazy during the design phase - either because of their lead in the market or because the tick-tock strategy emphasises pushing new chips out the door quickly. Posted by theleader - Wed 08 Feb 2017 12:09 Reliability is yet to be tested! :geek: Posted by w1ntergr33n - Wed 08 Feb 2017 12:14 Isn't this because Intel insisted on shipping on-chip graphics with all its chips these days? Which accounts for half the die size if I remember correctly? Posted by CAT-THE-FIFTH - Wed 08 Feb 2017 12:15 w1ntergr33n Isn't this because Intel insisted on shipping on-chip graphics with all its chips these days? Which accounts for half the die size if I remember correctly? The comparisons are of the CPU cores and cache sizes only - not the entire chip. SEE NEWER » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 AMD Ryzen processor full lineup leaked 35 2 UK and US prices for AMD R7 Ryzen processors spotted 38 3 Intel finalising Ryzen spoiler Core i7 and i5 chip designs says report 21 4 AMD Ryzen's x86 core is 10pc more compact than Intel's 14 5 Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to 7.2GHz using liquid helium 17 1 QOTW: Which electronics brands do you favour? 47 2 UK and US prices for AMD R7 Ryzen processors spotted 38 3 AMD Ryzen processor full lineup leaked 35 4 Win a GIGABYTE AORUS 570x RGB gaming rig 25 5 Intel finalising Ryzen spoiler Core i7 and i5 chip designs says report 21 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 Introducing EVGA iCX Technology 2 All new Huawei Honor 6x, now available at Carphone Warehouse 3 Swiftech Releases Socket AM4 Adapter Kit 4 RAIDON Announce New Internal RAID Modules, All with Metal Key Lock! 5 Intel Breaks Performance Record with New Xeon Processor E7-8894 v4 6 New Nokia 150 now exclusively at Carphone Warehouse INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 409,685 Forum posts: 2,567,385 Forum threads: 247,379 Currently active users: 440 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: CPU News 17 Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to 7.2GHz using liquid helium by Mark Tyson on 8 February 2017, 13:31 Tags: Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), ASUSTeK (TPE:2357) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qadd4o Add to My Vault: Ahead of the Intel Kaby Lake for desktops launch Asus invited a small group of overclocking enthusiasts to its HQ in Taipei to take part in one of its Absolute Zero events. At the latest such event German overclocker 'der8auer' pushed an Intel Core i7-7700K CPU to 7.2GHz. Now this OC champ has published a video on YouTube detailing his experiences of travelling to Taiwan to take part in the ASUS Absolute Zero event and some of the details of the overclock achieved. (Click appropriate icon for to enable English subtitles if you German isn't up to scratch.) The technical overclocking details are discussed from about 5 minutes and 10 seconds onwards. 100 litres of LH - gone in 15 minutes To get the most out of Intel's latest generation chips Asus offered the overclockers access to not just liquid nitrogen (LN), but liquid helium (LH). LH is rather expensive at around €40 Euros per litre, compared with LN at 30 to 40 cents per litre. Furthermore LH is lighter, evaporates much more quickly (one litre lasts about 10s), and needs lancing direct to the CPU, says der8auer. Lancing the LH What you are paying more for is LH's key property - being about 70C lower in temperature than LN. In other words LH is about -269C. In the overclocking world every degree is important in being able to achieve higher OC scores so would that extra cash for the LH be well spent? der8auer says that there are nearly always the additional costs of some CPUs being destroyed by testing, especially with new CPUs where voltage tolerances aren't part of anyone's experience. So what was achieved? der8auer managed to get his Intel Core i7-7700K to overclock to 7,328MHz, claimed to be "the highest speed ever reached by a quad-core Intel CPU". Interestingly, and rather unusually, the best OC was achieved by der8auer with all four cores operating and Hyper-Threading turned on. Related Reading 16 Intel Cannonlake touted to offer >15pc performance improvement Meanwhile the 24C/48T Intel Xeon Processor E7-8894 v4 has launched. 34 UK and US prices for AMD R7 Ryzen processors spotted ShopBLT in the US, and Kikatek in the UK, let slip pricing details a bit early. 14 AMD Ryzen's x86 core is 10pc more compact than Intel's Reduced die area could translate to lower manufacturing costs for AMD. Intel finalising Ryzen spoiler Core i7 and i5 chip designs says report Intel makes $7 billion investment into Fab 42 for 7nm technology Intel's Nvidia GPU licensing deal ends next month Asus faces EU probe for online price fixing HEXUS Week In Review: GL702VM, RT2600ac and an RX 460 shootout HEXUS Forums :: 17 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by virtuo - Wed 08 Feb 2017 14:17 What a waste of helium Posted by Irien - Wed 08 Feb 2017 14:27 Subtle, viral tease of Windows 11 system requirements? Posted by GinoLatino - Wed 08 Feb 2017 14:42 virtuo What a waste of helium Agreed Posted by plexabit - Wed 08 Feb 2017 16:17 GinoLatino virtuo What a waste of helium Agreed We're going to cringe at this when liquid helium is worth more than gold by weight. Posted by excalibur1814 - Wed 08 Feb 2017 16:55 Safety glasses needed! SEE NEWER » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 AMD Ryzen processor full lineup leaked 35 2 UK and US prices for AMD R7 Ryzen processors spotted 38 3 Intel finalising Ryzen spoiler Core i7 and i5 chip designs says report 21 4 AMD Ryzen's x86 core is 10pc more compact than Intel's 14 5 Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to 7.2GHz using liquid helium 17 1 QOTW: Which electronics brands do you favour? 47 2 UK and US prices for AMD R7 Ryzen processors spotted 38 3 AMD Ryzen processor full lineup leaked 35 4 Win a GIGABYTE AORUS 570x RGB gaming rig 25 5 Intel finalising Ryzen spoiler Core i7 and i5 chip designs says report 21 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 Introducing EVGA iCX Technology 2 All new Huawei Honor 6x, now available at Carphone Warehouse 3 Swiftech Releases Socket AM4 Adapter Kit 4 RAIDON Announce New Internal RAID Modules, All with Metal Key Lock! 5 Intel Breaks Performance Record with New Xeon Processor E7-8894 v4 6 New Nokia 150 now exclusively at Carphone Warehouse INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 409,685 Forum posts: 2,567,385 Forum threads: 247,379 Currently active users: 440 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Nobody at the Super Bowl actually saw Lady Gaga's drones The beginning of the pop star's halftime show using Intel Shooting Star drones was pretaped because of FAA regulations and weather concerns. Tech Culture by Shara Tibken February 6, 2017 1:53 PM PST @sharatibken Intel drones lit up the Houston sky in an American flag formation during the Super Bowl halftime show. Intel Lady Gaga's Super Bowl halftime show featured something never done before: 300 synchronized drones that danced and created the outline of an American flag. The only problem is, anyone shelling out thousands of dollars for their Super Bowl ticket didn't actually see the drone show. That's because Intel's Shooting Star drones and Gaga's terrifying leap from the roof of Houston's NRG Stadium were taped earlier in the week. Federal Aviation Association regulations about drones -- and a ban of drones within 34.5 miles of the stadium on game day -- meant Intel and Gaga had to film the halftime show's opening sequence early. Intel said other factors that played into the decision to pretape the opening scene were possible weather challenges and the fact the stadium is a dome. Drones, which are typically camera-equipped quadcopters, have become a new consumer and business phenomenon for those interested in remote-controlled vehicles, aerial photography and even aerial racing. As the aircraft have grown in popularity over the past several years, though, drones have become a concern for the government agency responsible for regulating the nation's airspace. The FAA estimates that by 2020, there will be 4.3 million hobbyist drones sold, up from about 1.9 million sold in 2016. See also FAA: Keep your drone far, far away from the Super Bowl Lady Gaga and 300 drones rock Super Bowl 2017 halftime show Tom Brady memes swing from goat to GOAT in 2017 Super Bowl Intel said the Super Bowl show was the highest a Shooting Star drone has flown. It received a special waiver from the FAA to fly the fleet up to 700 feet in the air. Intel also received an additional special waiver to fly the drones in the more restricted Class B airspace. "Lady Gaga and the Super Bowl creative team wanted to pull off something that had never been done before, and we were able to combine Intel drone innovation with her artistry to pull off a truly unique experience," Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's new technology group, said Sunday in a press release. Intel designed the Shooting Star drones for festivals and entertainment events. The quadcopters are equipped with LED lights that can create over 4 billion color combinations and can easily be programmed for any animation. Each weighs only 280 grams, less than the weight of a volleyball, and can fly for up to 20 minutes. Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility. Technically Literate: Original works of short fiction with unique perspectives on tech, exclusively on CNET. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Super Bowl Tech Culture Drones Drones Super Bowl The best tech and tips for watching the big game. Feb 7 Lady Gaga's sales go through the roof after Super Bowl 2017 Feb 6 Tom Brady fuels millions of Super Bowl posts on Facebook Feb 6 Airbnb gets political in Super Bowl ad about acceptance Feb 6 Patriots' sexy Super Bowl comeback reflected in Pornhub traffic All Super Bowl Stories More stories Your first look at 'Avengers: Infinity War' Geico mocks pre-roll ads with crushing amusement The 404 Show 1691: Putting the douche in fiduciary (podcast) Why you can't stop taking selfies everyone else hates Close   Discuss: Nobody at the Super Bowl actually saw Lady... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Here's why tech has taken over our relationships Sneak peek at the bezel-less LG G6 LG releases the first two watches with Android Wear 2.0, LG's G6 looks to have little or no bezel, and YouTube brings live-streaming to mobile. by Brian Tong 3:33 E3 goes public and HBO Now hits 2M subs The day's biggest tech stories include E3 opening to the public, Twitch introducing "Communities" and HBO Now hits an impressive subscription milestone. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Tech & Gadgets Intel Kaby Lake Processors Making Its Way Into MacBook Pro 2017 Models By Quiruben Dela Cruz https://twitter.com/Vhelskud on February 9 2017 01:51 AM PHOTOGRAPH: Wikimedia | There seems to be no significant improvement in the performance of the  MacBook Pro 2017, which is much-awaited by Apple fans this year. This after rumor continues to circulate that the upcoming MacBook Pro models would likely be powered by Intel Kaby Lake processors. To those who are unaware, the Kaby Lake is the natural successor to the Skylake processors which are used in the MacBook Pro 2016 models. The rumor is in line with what has been reported six weeks ago which could be a bad thing given that the current line of MacBook Pro has already been criticized for various reasons. One of the complaints the device is facing is having low RAM. Furthermore, a report from Bloomberg stated that Apple is making their own Mac processor. This will be working in tandem with Intel processors for upcoming Mac products in the future. In addition, the report also suggests that the chip will be a logical extension of the processor based on ARM T1. The said ARM-based T1 processor is currently being used to power the Touch Bar of the new MacBook Pro. This chip is reportedly more efficient and would take on more power management tasks. As a result, the upcoming MacBook Pro will have significant improvements when it comes to increasing battery life. Pixabay Upcoming MacBook Pro variations with Intel Kaby Lake processors The Mac-B4831CEBD5A0C4C might be for two new 13” MacBook Pros that feature function keys. As mentioned above, these models would likely have Intel Kaby Lake processors powering them. If the rumors are true, these chips will have a maximum Turbo Boost of 3.5, 3.7GHz and 4.1GHz, respectively. Intel Core i5-7260U 2.2GHz with 15W Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 Intel Core i7-7660U 2.5GHz with 15W Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 The Mac-CAD6701F7CEA0921, on the other hand, might be for three new 13” MacBook Pros that also feature the Touch Bar. Compared to the models above, it would have a slightly higher Turbo Boosts of 3.8GHz, 3.9GHz, and 4.1GHz, respectively. Intel Core i5-7267U 3.1GHz with 28W Intel Iris Plus 650 Intel Core i5-7287U 3.3GHz with 28W Intel Iris Plus 650 Intel Core i7-7567U 3.5GHz with 28W Intel Iris Plus 650 Meanwhile, the Mac-551B86E5844E2388 might be for the new three new 15” MacBook Pro models that also feature the Touch Bar. These models have the same Turbo Boost of 3.8GHz, 3.9GHz, and 4.1GHz, respectively. Intel Core i7-7700HQ 2.8GHz with 45W Intel Iris Plus 630 Intel Core i7-7820HQ 2.9GHz with 45W Intel Iris Plus 630 Intel Core i7-7920HQ 3.1GHz with 45W Intel Iris Plus 630 Still, MacBook fans shouldn’t expect a massive improvement when it comes to performance. Intel Kaby Lake processors only have slight bumps when it comes to Turbo clock speeds and base clock speeds. It is important to realize that efficiency is where Kaby Lake truly outperforms the Skylake. For more news and updates on MacBook Pro and Intel Skylake processors, stay tuned to TheBitBag. Also Read: Lenovo Yoga A12: A More Basic Verison of The Yoga Book For Simpler Tasks & Cheaper Price Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:Apple, intel, Intel Kaby Lake, Macbook Pro Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Mac Users Beware: Another Mac Malware Spotted in the Wild; Uses Word Macros 12.9-inch iPad Pro Joins iPad Air 2 in Supply Shortage; Is iPad Pro 2 Release Imminent? Apple Beats X Wireless Earbuds Release Date On February 10 About the author Quiruben Dela Cruz Featured Final Fantasy 15 Comrades Multiplayer DLC: Character Creator Featured Teased By Square Enix Halo Wars 2 PC Physical Release Cancelled Horizon Zero Dawn Pre-order Bonus DLC Shown In New Gameplay Footage FIFA 17 TOTW 21 Lineup Officially Announced! Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Overwatch Year Of The Rooster End Date: Possible Free Loot Box And New Voice Lines Before Event Ends The Overwatch Year of The Rooster end date is this February 13. Potentially, Blizzard... Zelda Breath Of The Wild Dungeons Simpler Than Past Entries Zelda: Breath of the Wild has gone gold and the game will be available... Fire Emblem Heroes Tier List: Best Male And Female Heroes Nintendo’s Fire Emblem Heroes is now available for both iOS and Android devices. In... Capcom Stocks Fall Despite Of Successful Resident Evil 7 Launch Week The release of a much anticipated triple-A game from big developers is usually a... Marvel Vs Capcom Infinite Roster: Why Giant Characters Are Unlikely In the recent Marvel vs Capcom entries, huge characters like Sentinel and Hulk are... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon mobile gaming Ubisoft google ps4 featured Samsung Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky PC iOS facebook pokemon sun and moon Editors Pick EA playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller Pokemon Go Update iPhone 7 iPad Blizzard NBA 2k17 Game of Thrones games NBA Trade Rumors snskid About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks ENTERPRISE & IT WEARABLES Home> SOC Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel GPUs CPUs NVIDIA Pascal Kaby Lake Storage SSDs Mobile Home> SOC Semi-Critical Intel Atom C2000 SoC Flaw Discovered, Hardware Fix Required by Ryan Smith on February 8, 2017 10:30 AM EST Posted in SOC Intel Atom NAS Enterprise Avoton Rangeley 34 Comments | Add A Comment 34 Comments + Add A Comment Last week, Paul Alcorn over at Tom’s Hardware picked up on an interesting statement made by Intel in their Q4 2016 earnings call.  The company, whose Data Center group’s profits had slipped a bit year-over-year, was “observing a product quality issue in the fourth quarter with slightly higher expected failure rates under certain use and time constraints.” As a result the company had setup a reserve fund as part of their larger effort to deal with the issue, which would include a “minor” design (i.e. silicon) fix to permanently resolve the problem. A bit more digging by Paul further turned up that the problem was with Intel’s Atom C2000 family, better known by the codenames Avoton and Rangeley. As a refresher, the Silvermont-based server SoCs were launched in Q3 of 2013 – about three and a half years ago – and are offered with 2, 4, and 8 cores. These chips are, in turn, meant for use in lower-power and reasonably highly threaded applications such as microservers, communication/networking gear, and storage. As a result the C2000 is an important part of Intel’s product lineup – especially as it directly competes with various ARM-based processors in many of its markets – but it’s a name that’s better known to device manufacturers and IT engineers than it is to consumers. Consequently, an issue with the C2000 family doesn’t immediately raise any eyebrows. Jumping a week into the present, since their earnings call Intel has posted an updated spec sheet for the Atom C2000 family. More importantly, device manufacturers have started posting new product errata notices; and while they are keeping their distance away from naming the C2000 directly, all signs point to the affected products being C2000 based. As a result we finally have some insight into what the issue is with C2000. And while the news isn’t anywhere close to dire, it’s certainly not good news for Intel. As it turns out, there’s a degradation issue with at least some (if not all) parts in the Atom C2000 family, which over time can cause chips to fail only a few years into their lifetimes. The Problem: Early Circuit Degradation To understand what’s going on and why C2000 SoCs can fail early, let’s start with Intel’s updated spec sheet, which contains the new errata for the problem. AVR54. System May Experience Inability to Boot or May Cease Operation Problem: The SoC LPC_CLKOUT0 and/or LPC_CLKOUT1 signals (Low Pin Count bus clock outputs) may stop functioning. Implication:   If the LPC clock(s) stop functioning the system will no longer be able to boot. Workaround:  A platform level change has been identified and may be implemented as a workaround for this erratum. At a high-level, the problem is that the operating clock for the Low Pin Count bus can stop working. Essentially a type of legacy bus, the LPC bus is a simple bus for simple peripherals, best known for supporting legacy devices such as serial and parallel ports. It is not a bus that’s strictly necessary for the operation of a computer or embedded device, and instead its importance depends on what devices are being hung off of it. Along with legacy I/O devices, the second most common device type to hang off of the LPC is the boot ROM/BIOS– owing to the fact that it’s a simple device that needs little bandwidth – and this is where the C2000 flaw truly rears its head. As Intel’s errata succinctly explains, if the LPC bus breaks, then any system using it to host the boot ROM will no longer be able boot, as the system would no longer be able to access said boot ROM. The good news is that Intel has a workaround (more on that in a second), so it’s an avoidable failure, but it’s a hardware workaround, meaning the affected boards have to be reworked to fix them. Complicating matters, since Atom C2000 is a BGA chip being used in an embedded fashion, an LPC failure means that the entire board (if not the entire device) has to be replaced. Diving deeper, the big question of course is how the LPC bus could break in this fashion. To that end, The Register reached out to Intel and has been able to get a few more details. As quoted by The Register, Intel is saying that the problem is "a degradation of a circuit element under high use conditions at a rate higher than Intel’s quality goals after multiple years of service." Though we tend to think of solid-state electronics as just that – solid and unchanging – circuit degradation is a normal part of the lifecycle of a complex semiconductor like a processor. Quantum tunneling and other effects on a microscopic scale will wear down processors while they’re in use, leading to eventual performance degradation or operational failure. However even with modern processors the effect should take a decade or longer, much longer than the expected service lifetime of a chip. So when something happens to speed up the degradation process, if severe enough it can cut the lifetime of a chip to a fraction of what it was planned for, causing a chip (or line of chips) to fail while still in active use. And this is exactly what’s happening with the Atom C2000. For Intel, this is the second time this decade that they’ve encountered a degradation issue like this. Back in 2011 the company had to undertake a much larger and more embarrassing repair & replacement program for motherboards using early Intel 6-series chipsets. On those boards an overbiased (overdriven) transistor controlling some of the SATA ports could fail early, disabling those SATA ports. And while Intel hasn’t clarified whether something similar to this is happening on the Atom C2000, I wouldn’t be too surprised if it was. Which isn’t to unnecessarily pick on Intel here; given the geometries at play (bear in mind just how small a 22nm transistor is) transistor reliability is a significant challenge for all players. Just a bit too much voltage on a single transistor out of billions can be enough to ultimately break a chip. The Solution: New Silicon & Reworked Motherboards Anyhow, the good news is that Intel has developed both a silicon workaround and a platform workaround. The long-term solution is of course rolling out a new revision of the C2000 silicon that incorporates a fix for the issue, and Intel has told The Register they’ll be doing just that. This will actually come somewhat late in the lifetime of the processor, as the current B0 revision was launched three and a half years ago and will be succeeded by Denverton this year. At the same time though, as an IT-focused product Intel will still need to offer the Atom C2000 series to customers for a number of years to come, so even with the cost of a new revision of the silicon, it’s in Intel’s long-term interest. More immediately, the platform fix can be used to prevent the issue on boards with the B0 silicon. Unfortunately Intel isn’t disclosing just what the platform fix is, but if it is a transistor bias issue, then the fix is likely to involve reducing the voltage to the transistor, essentially bringing its degradation back to expected levels. Some individual product vendors are also reporting that the fix can be reworked into existing (post-production) boards, though it sounds like this can only prevent the issue, not fix an already-unbootable board. Affected Products: Routers, Servers, & NASes As a result of the nature of a problem, the situation is a mixed bag for device manufacturers and owners. First and foremost, while most manufacturers have used the LPC bus to host the boot ROM, not all of them have. For the smaller number of manufacturers who are using SPI Flash, this wouldn't impact them unless they were using the LPC bus for something else. Otherwise for those manufacturers who are impacted, transistor degradation is heavily dependent on ambient temperature and use: the hotter a chip and the harder its run, the faster a transistor will degrade. Consequently, while all C2000 chips have the flaw, not all C2000 chips will have their LPC clock fail before a device reaches the end of its useful lifetime. And certainly not all C2000 chips will fail at the same time. Cisco, whose routers are impacted, estimates that while issues can occur as early as 18 months in, they don’t expect a meaningful spike in failures until 3 years (36 months) in. This of course happens to be just a bit shorter than the age of the first C2000 products, which is likely why this issue hasn’t come to light until now. Failures would then become increasingly likely as time goes on, and accordingly Cisco will be replacing the oldest affected routers first, as they’re the most vulnerable to the degradation issue. As for other vendors shipping Atom C2000-based products, those vendors are setting up their own support programs. Patrick Kennedy over at ServeTheHome has already started compiling a list of vendor responses, including Supermicro and Netgate. However as it stands a lot of vendors are still developing their response to the issue, so this will be an ongoing process. Finally, what’s likely to be the most affected on the consumer side of matters will be on the Network Attached Storage front. As pointed out to me by our own Ganesh TS, Seagate, Synology, ASRock, Advantronix, and other NAS vendors have all shipped devices using the flawed chips, and as a result all of these products are vulnerable to early failures. These vendors are still working on their respective support programs, but for covered devices the result is going to be the same: the affected NASes will need to be swapped for models with fixed boards/silicon. So NAS owners will want to pay close attention here, as while these devices aren’t necessarily at risk of immediate failure, they are at risk of failure in the long term. Sources: Tom's Hardware, The Register, & ServeTheHome Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 34 Comments View All Comments Yorgos - Wednesday, February 08, 2017 - link Oohh... Poor anand... Again to the rescue. Intel damage control ON. Semi critical flaw. They are getting bricked. It's not like spontaneous combustion. https://media1.giphy.com/media/l2Sqezn4phF7VNDLq/2... I mean spontaneous combustion is leathal. You can always use the bricked nas as a cat litter box. You guys are getting warmed up for the great Zen Review. Reply BrokenCrayons - Wednesday, February 08, 2017 - link I don't understand what you're trying to discuss in your comment. This article is about an Intel server chip based on Atom. It doesn't have anything to do with AMD's Zen. Reply DanNeely - Wednesday, February 08, 2017 - link It's a wannabe pro-AMD troll scoring a failing grade for failing to produce even vaguely coherent drivel. Reply fanofanand - Thursday, February 09, 2017 - link Though his sentiment was poorly conveyed, the content isn't so far off. This is a pretty major flaw, and if AMD can capitalize on it, this would be very good for them. Reply Gigaplex - Thursday, February 09, 2017 - link AMD doesn't have much in the way competing with this particular product. Reply BrokenCrayons - Friday, February 10, 2017 - link M'kay, I gotcha. I still don't quite understand being so loyal to a brand that it's necessary to attack people/ideas that are disagreeable. Reply ddriver - Thursday, February 09, 2017 - link They also did take 2 weeks to even publish it, I suppose that's the time it took to figure how to best smooth-talk it... Reply Ej24 - Wednesday, February 08, 2017 - link Intel also had an issue with early steppings of the H/Z87 chipsets whereby the chipset would burn out very rapidly iirc. They caught it only weeks prior to the official release of boards with the affected chipset and managed to limit the public exposure to the faulty chipsets. Reply Quantumz0d - Wednesday, February 08, 2017 - link It was the USB3.0 bug with the Haswell C0 Chipset revision they had upped the stepping to C2 to fix the flaw. Reply yuhong - Wednesday, February 08, 2017 - link They are probably referring to something only in the NDA spec updates. Reply 1 2 3 4 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News NVIDIA Reports Q4 2017 And Fiscal 2017 Results: Record Revenue Intel Confirms 8th Gen Core on 14nm, Data Center First to New Nodes NEC Goes for a Curved Display, Launches 3440×1440 MultiSync EX341R Monitors Intel to Equip Fab 42 for 7 nm Mediatek Announces the P25: A Faster P20 with Support for Dual Camera Semi-Critical Intel Atom C2000 SoC Flaw Discovered, Hardware Fix Required Logitech Launches the BRIO 4K Pro: Its First 4K UHD Webcam with HDR CORSAIR ONE PC Announced Western Digital Announces SanDisk Skyhawk Enterprise NVMe SSDs Palit Announces KalmX: A Passively-Cooled GeForce GTX 1050 Ti Graphics Card NVIDIA Announces Quadro GP100 - Big Pascal Comes to Workstations NVIDIA Announces Quadro P4000, P2000, P1000, P600, & P400 - Finishing the Quadro Pascal Refresh TWEETS ganeshts: RT @tmvn: @Intel. Whoever redesigned the ARK site just made it a lot less usable. More clicks, less info on each page. Clock frequency?… RyanSmithAT: @BrianHinckley @IanCutress Unused screen space isn't something I see as an issue. If a column reads best 100px wide, so be it. Function > * RyanSmithAT: RT @IanCutress: @BrianHinckley I'm with Nico. Sole vert table is 👍; having both horiz+vert is diff to skim. Too much space too, no specific… IanCutress: @BrianHinckley CPU World's layout is good. Easy to read, but tight and simple IanCutress: @BrianHinckley I'm with Nico. Sole vert table is 👍; having both horiz+vert is diff to skim. Too much space too, no specific info jumps out. IanCutress: @AMDFX @pcworld Naples already released? That's a story. Or do they mean announced? https://t.co/XebyZYIXFH IanCutress: @TMFChipFool I've known editors to take iris pro BRIX and use hotel TVs ganeshts: @rory_dowdell Interesting concept, someone might try it, but, volume may not be much. Have not seen many use the dual mirror setup actually IanCutress: @PatrickMoorhead @WSJ Bets it's a base ARM layout? What about modem? In b4 octo A53/T880MP2 at 28nm or A72/A53 + MP8 on 28/16 RyanSmithAT: @RobMitchellXNA No real reliable insight right now, sorry. RyanSmithAT: @chrisheinonen @BrettHowse They have options. Their Ferraris can be either green or black RyanSmithAT: Not unexpected, but it's still a sign of just how difficult it's going to be to get down to 10nm. The days of easy… https://t.co/uNKPjLcWWA ganeshts: @FPiednoel Definitely more compact than the 75" I used :) Thanks for that info on the LG monitor. 4K ones with HDCP 2.2 are rare. ganeshts: @FPiednoel What monitor is that? I am trying to find a more compact alternative to what I used here: https://t.co/Wb2wIfBzZk ganeshts: Any encouragement for municipal broadband? @AjitPaiFCC policies seem anti-consumer, caring only about big businesses & their bottom line Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? We’ve updated our terms. By continuing to use the site and/or by logging into your account, you agree to the Site’s updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Help Make A Great 2017: Did you know that you can get Phoronix Premium for under $3 per month? Try it today to view our site ad-free, multi-page articles on a single page, and more while the proceeds allow us to write more Linux hardware reviews. Intel Celeron/Pentium/Core i3/i5/i7 - NVIDIA vs. AMD Linux Gaming Performance Written by Michael Larabel in Linux Gaming on 8 February 2017. Page 1 of 4. 40 Comments Five AMD/NVIDIA graphics cards tested on five different Intel Kabylake processors from a low-end $40 Celeron CPU to a high-end Core i7 7700K is the focus of today's Linux benchmarking. Various OpenGL and Vulkan Linux gaming benchmarks were run to see how the RadeonSI and NVIDIA Linux performance evolves from a Celeron G3930 to Pentium G4600 to Core i3 7100 to Core i5 7600K to Core i7 7700K. There's been a lot of requests for a multi-way GPU vs. CPU comparison with modern hardware and games. Given the recent roll-out of Intel Kabylake processors in January and the ever-advancing state of RadeonSI, I figured it was a good time for a fresh comparison. The AMD cards were tested with Mesa 17.1-devel as of earlier this week along with the Linux 4.10 kernel. Those red cards tested were the Radeon RX 480 (Polaris) and Radeon R9 Fury (Fiji) for a modern look at things. Tested with the NVIDIA proprietary 378.09 beta driver atop Ubuntu 16.10 was the GeForce GTX 1050, GTX 1060, and GTX 1080 from the Pascal family. So with those two Radeon GPUs and three GeForce GPUs, they were tested with the Celeron G3930 (dual-core 2.9GHz; 2MB cache), Pentium G4600 (dual-core + HT 3.6GHz; 3MB cache), Core i3 7100 (dual-core + HT 3.9GHz; 3MB cache), Core i5 7600K (quad-core 3.8GHz; 4.2GHz turbo; 6MB cache), and Core i7 7700K (quad-core + HT 4.2GHz; 4.5GHz turbo; 8MB cache). All the tests happened on the same MSI Z270-A PRO motherboard, 2 x 8GB DDR4-2400MHz Corsair memory, and Samsung 950 PRO 256GB NVMe SSD system running Ubuntu 16.10 x86_64 and then the aforementioned driver configurations for the latest RadeonSI and NVIDIA look. AMDGPU-PRO wasn't tested since most Linux gamers now are using RadeonSI as well as because AMDGPU-PRO doesn't yet support Ubuntu 16.10. A variety of OpenGL and Vulkan benchmarks were run for this multi-way comparison. All of the benchmarks were carried out in a fully-automated and reproducible manner with the open-source Phoronix Test Suite benchmarking software. If you appreciate all of the Linux hardware benchmarks we carry out at Phoronix.com, please consider joining our premium service for a few dollars per month to get the site ad-free, multi-page articles on a single page, and other benefits while providing us with more resources to continue these Linux enthusiast testing efforts. Tweet Page 1 - IntroductionPage 2 - 5 CPUs vs. 5 GPUsPage 3 - 5 CPUs vs. 5 GPUsPage 4 - 5 CPUs vs. 5 GPUs Page: 1234Next Page 40 Comments Related Articles 14-Way NVIDIA GPU Comparison With Civilization VI On Linux Intel Celeron/Pentium/Core i3/i5/i7 - NVIDIA vs. AMD Linux Gaming Performance Core i3 vs. Core i5 Performance Impact On OpenGL/Vulkan Linux Gaming Fedora vs. Ubuntu vs. openSUSE vs. Clear Linux For Intel Steam Gaming Performance Intel IvyBridge/Haswell/Broadwell/Skylake OpenGL & Vulkan Benchmarks On Linux 4.10 + Mesa 13.1 Trending Linux News The Future Of Android-x86 Is In Question Apple Proposing A New, Lower-Level Graphics API For The Web KDE Plasma Leaning Towards Focusing On Flatpak Over AppImage/Snaps Another Potential CPU Optimization For Mesa: Quadratic Probing Fwupd Updated With New Support, Developer Endorses Dell For Linux Latest Linux News Fedora 27 Scheduled To Be Released On Halloween Trying Nouveau NVC0 Gallium3D With Civilization 6 On Mesa 17.1 Intel Prepares For Mainline GVT-g Graphics Virtualization Support Radeon GPU Analyzer Open-Sourced: Analyze OpenGL / Vulkan / OpenCL Mesa RFC Changes To Help Worms WMD, Tropico 5 & Crookz Valve Planning To Carry Mesa GL Thread Feature On SteamOS, Per-Game Features AMDGPU DC/DAL Code Receives Atomic Improvements Munich Said To Be Moving Away From Linux/LiMux, Back To Microsoft Trying Intel Kabylake Graphics With Civilization VI On Ubuntu Linux The Future Of Android-x86 Is In Question Latest Featured Articles Mesa 17.0 Benchmarks With Intel: Noticeably Better Vulkan Performance Server/Workstation Tests: Antergos vs. Clear Linux vs. Fedora vs. Scientific Linux vs. Ubuntu vs. openSUSE RadeonSI Performance For Civilization VI On Linux With Mesa 17.1 + Linux 4.10 14-Way NVIDIA GPU Comparison With Civilization VI On Linux Mesa 13.0 vs. 17.0 Performance For RADV/RadeonSI: Big Gains For Vulkan, OpenGL Boosts Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in | Register Most commented stories • Rumor: AMD Ryzen CPU lineup leaks with six-core models in tow [150] • Rumor: Ryzen processors might top out at $490 [104] • AMD touts Zen die size advantage at ISSCC [75] • Intel's next Core chips will be built on 14-nm tech again [53] Hot forum threads • Best low profile video cards available (January 2017) • Motherboard/PSU Compatibilty • Need some advice helping select a monitor • Printer suggeestions AMD touts Zen die size advantage at ISSCC by Wayne Manion  8:57 AM on February 8, 2017 AMD has had a tough time competing with Intel's CPUs over the last few years. The modular philosophy in AMD's construction-core processors could never find the type of integer-heavy parallel workloads it needed to shine. At the same time, Intel continually extended its consistent advantage in manufacturing technology every year, while pushing AMD out of the mobile and server markets almost entirely. The red team claims it's now back and ready to compete in every CPU metric, including logic gate density. In a paper published as part of the International Solid-State Circuits Conference (ISSCC), the company claims that its Zen cores have a 10% advantage in die size compared to "Competitor A's" processor built on a 14-nm process.  EETimes' Rick Merritt says this is a reference to Intel's Skylake sixth-generation Core CPUs.   Zen Competitor A Tech 14nm 14nm Cores 4 Cores, 8 Threads 4 Cores, 8 Threads Area 44mm2 49mm2 L2 512KB, 1.5mm2 per core 256KB, 0.9mm2 per core L3 8MB, 16mm2 8MB, 19.1mm2 CPP (nm) 78 70 Fin Pitch (nm) 48 42 1x Metal Pitch (nm) 64 52 Standard 6t SRAM (mm2) 0.0806 0.0588 Metal Layers 12 with MiM 13 with MiM Table data: ISSCC via EETimes A logic gate density advantage over Intel would be quite an impressive feat, but this news requires a little bit of seasoning. These figures come from AMD alone, since Intel doesn't release die size information. All of Intel's Skylake CPUs carry onboard graphics, but the IGP portion reportedly has not been counted in these measurements. Intel engineers may be the only persons truly capable of identifying exactly what parts of the die are specific to the IGP. Intel's die could also include logic for features like vPro that may not be present in Zen. Smaller die sizes typically lead to cost savings for silicon manufacturers, though other factors also impact manufacturing costs. The fact that Intel runs its own manufacturing plants while AMD relies on third-party manufacturing from companies like Global Foundries and Samsung surely plays a role in determining AMD's production costs. Merritt goes on to comment on the techniques AMD has reportedly employed to reduce Zen's switching capacitance by 15% when compared to existing chips. Zen is apparently the first design where AMD used metal-insulator-metal (MIM) capacitors, a move that's said to allow reduced processor voltage and more fine-grained control over per-core frequency and voltage. AMD has claimed several times that Zen will compete toe-to-toe with Intel's desktop offerings when it comes to performance and power consumption. Now, the red team is saying that it is more than competitive with Intel with respect to silicon density. We can't wait to get Ryzen chips in the lab and tell you how AMD's latest squares up against Kaby Lake.   Tags: CPUs Log in | Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Steam Greenlight will metamorphose into Steam Direct 25 In the lab: MSI's Trident 3 gaming mini-PC 6 Possible Intel Optane DC P4800X specifications leak 18 EVGA iCX tech offers a complete picture of graphics card temps 8 EKWB's GA Z270X RGB Monoblock lights up your Gigabyte mobo 5 Deals of the week: a relatively affordable GTX 1080 and more 8 Intel's next Core chips will be built on 14-nm tech again 53 NEC's EX341R monitor does double duty as a KVM switch 6 Nvidia fills the Shield Tablet K1 with Nougat 30 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS tipoo "Buffalo" - Jeff Kampman, The Tech Report Odd? I thought that's what enthusiasts spent the last few years screaming at Intel for, processors decoupled... +46 Chrispy_ "Buffalo" - Jeff Kampman, The Tech Report (as per the request from chuckula in t... +45 Voldenuit Saw 'sony' and immediately read that as 'Sony sandwiches DRM into image sensors'... +38 Voldenuit Sizen confirmed. +30 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars ENTREPRENEUR Trident Capital spins out cybersecurity-focused firm and launches $300 million fund Bérénice Magistretti@bmagistretti February 8, 2017 5:30 AM Tags: cybersecurity, funding daily, top-stories, Trident Capital, Trident Capital Cybersecurity Above: Sean Cunningham, managing partner at Trident Capital Cybersecurity Image Credit: Trident Capital Cybersecurity Trident Capital Cybersecurity, which spun out of Trident Capital in 2015, announced today that it has closed a $300 million venture fund — Fund I — that will invest primarily in early stage cybersecurity companies. Managing directors Alberto Yépez and Don Dixon, who cofounded the new fund, were investing managing directors at Trident Capital. Sean Cunningham, former director of strategic investments at Intel Capital, joined as managing partner, and Will Lin, of Trident Capital, came on as vice president. Yépez, Cunningham, and Dixon together made 30 cybersecurity investments during a nearly 20-year period at Trident, Intel Capital, and now Trident Capital Cybersecurity, with 16 exits to date. These include Accertify (acquired by American Express), Qualys (Nasdaq: QLYS), Signio (acquired by Verisign), Solera Networks (acquired by Blue Coat Systems), and Sygate (acquired by Symantec). The San Mateo, Calif.-based VC firm will be investing in security startups across five sectors, namely Internet of Things (IoT), secure payments and fraud, next-generation identity platforms, behavioral analytics, and privacy and security. The team has already backed five companies through Fund I — 4iQ, Appthority, Bayshore Networks, ID Experts, and IronNet Cybersecurity — and will be sourcing investments globally, with a focus on the U.S., Canada, Israel, and Northern Europe. “There’s no question that sector-specific funds typically have better returns over the course of their life,” said Cunningham in an interview with VentureBeat. “The reason we raised a $300 million fund is because we wanted to be able to invest two-thirds of the money in early stage and a third in growth stage, as well as be able to actually lead investments and have a key holding in these companies.” According to Cunningham, cybersecurity used to be very expensive for investors. However, that’s changed over the past few years in both the private and the public markets. “We feel really bullish about the fact that we raised a fund now because we feel the pricing is very reasonable,” he said. Moreover, security needs have increased for both businesses and consumers. From mainframe to PCs, mobile, cloud, and IoT, devices are becoming increasingly connected and therefore increasingly vulnerable to hacks. The fact that hackers are able to monetize on the dark web is a major motivator, Cunningham said. Hackers’ “business models” allow them to make money via ransomware, phishing scams, and other types of attacks. “Passwords are the weakest links in the system right now,” said Cunningham. Yahoo is an example of millions of passwords and identities being stolen in the enterprise sector. But these threats are also extending to the state level, with state-sponsored attacks like North Korea’s Sony hack and Russia’s cyberattack on the Democratic National Convention. The heterogeneous nature of cyber attacks makes them difficult to counter. “That’s one of the things about cybersecurity, there is no silver bullet,” said Cunningham. “That’s why you see this proliferation of security companies trying to solve these problems. Everything has to be more automated, and that’s why you’re starting to see the AI (artificial intelligence) companies getting more traction.” SentinelOne, which just raised $70 million, is one example of a startup that is developing a more automated security response. Or take Exabeam, which is working on predictive software to fight security breaches. The San Mateo, Calif.-based startup just raised $30 million. According to Cunningham, all this activity spells opportunity for cybersecurity-focused funds. For instance, Jay Leek, who recently left Blackstone to join Florida-based VC firm ClearSky, will lead a $300 million cybersecurity fund. In terms of returns, Cunningham argues that the exit window for most cybersecurity companies is four to seven years, which is an aggressive timetable. He expects his portfolio companies to be acquired rather than go public. Yet the sector already has a handful of unicorns — including CloudFlare, Cylance, and Okta — some of which are widely expected to exit via an initial public offering (IPO). We’ll see whether their experiences lend credence to his prediction. Sign up for Funding Daily: Get the latest news in your inbox every weekday. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Isro PSLV-C37 mission: The US private sector is threatened by cheap Indian spaceflight By Aditya Madanapalle 5   Comments Demanding social media passwords for US Visa applications will have a chilling effect on free speech 3   Comments Elon Musk confirms that Tesla is launching in India in the summer of 2017 By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments Clipboard01 By Nimish Sawant 1   Comments HTC 10 evo launched for Rs 48,990 in India; comes with 16MP camera, Snapdragon 810 and more By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Apple Apple AirPods: Feels impressive, once you overcome the fear of losing it Analyst predicts that the upcoming Apple iPhone 8 and iPhone 7s models will have wireless charging WhatsApp rolls out 'Two-Step Verification' for everyone; Here is why it is important Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Apple accidentally leaks information on 2017 MacBook Pro hardware #Apple Image: Reuters 0 By tech2 News Staff /  08 Feb 2017 , 16:54 More details on Apple’s upcoming MacBook Pro models have been leaked, but this time by Apple themselves. The details were leaked in the macOS 10.12.4 public beta and were unearthed and interpreted by Apple blog Piker Universum. The data reveals references to a new set of products with ids that do not match current Apple devices. Further analysis of these products and a peek at Intel’s upcoming Kaby Lake processors reveals that the 2017 MacBook Pros will all be updated to Intel’s seventh generation Kaby Lake platform. Essentially, every 6th generation Skylake processor in the current lineup will be replaced by an equivalent Kaby Lake processor. So the i5 6360U is replaced by the i5 7260U, the i5 6267U by the i5 7267U, the i7 6700HQ by the i7 7700HQ, and so on. Kaby Lake is just a minor advancement over Skylake, so owners of current MacBook Pros will see no incentive to upgrade. Intel’s Kaby Lake platform is fractionally more efficient than Skylake and hence, runs fractionally faster, resulting in a minor bump in performance. The internal graphics does get a slight upgrade, resulting in reduced battery consumption during playback of certain types of 4K files, but that’s about it. Apple sacrificed RAM capacity and speed on the altar of battery life last year. This year’s Kaby Lake MacBooks might be available with support for DDR4L memory and up to 32GB of RAM. This will indeed be good news for professionals with RAM-heavy workloads (rendering, game development, image processing, etc.). Sadly, Piker Universum says that there’s no mention of new iMacs, Mac Minis or a Mac Pro in the beta update. There’s also no mention of a MacBook or MacBook Air. The latter is expected to be officially killed off soon enough. Tags: 2016 MacBook Pro, 2017 MacBook Pro, Apple, Intel KabyLake, Intel Skylake, MacBook, MacBook Pro Also read Apple was successfully sued in India for selling a faulty MacBook Pro and providing inadequate service Apple is building a custom ARM chip to handle low power tasks on future MacBooks: Report X Recommended For You Analyst predicts that the upcoming Apple iPhone 8 and iPhone 7s models will have wireless charging WhatsApp rolls out ‘Two-Step Verification’ for everyone; Here is why it is important Apple iCloud stores deleted browsing history almost indefinitely, analyst Trump immigration ban: “If we stand and say nothing, we become a part of it,” Apple CEO Tim Cook Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Wikipedia Feb 10, 2017 Daily Mail banned as ‘unreliable source’ by Wikipedia #Facebook Feb 10, 2017 Mark Zuckerberg makes like Spiderman in his latest teaser from Facebook’s research labs #Nvidia Feb 10, 2017 Nvidia’s quarterly revenue beats expectations #Microsoft Feb 10, 2017 Microsoft’s ‘Project Rome’ to enable Android apps to control Windows 10 PCs #Microsoft Feb 10, 2017 US court says lawsuit filed by Microsoft against the Department of Justice will continue SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com

Insurance Journal Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance MyNewMarkets.com Carrier Management Featured Stories Using Predictive Analytics to Fight Fraud Worst Workplace Injuries Cost $59B a Year Adjusting Comic Book Claims Hail Modeling Explained Front Page Most Popular Topics Workers' Comp Property Liability Auto Adjusters Fraud Claims and Costs Loss Control More Topics Jobs Events Resources Research Buyers Guide Disaster Guide Forensics Guide All Guides CE Requirements Weather Map Blogs Videos/Podcasts Newsletters Super Bowl Halftime Drone Swarm Was Pretaped to Shield Crowd By Henri Gendreau and Alan Levin | February 8, 2017 Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Article Comments The synchronized swarm of 300 drones lit up the night sky behind Lady Gaga, morphing into an American flag as she recited the Pledge of Allegiance. Sunday’s Super Bowl halftime light show – prerecorded to comply with prohibitions on flying drones over people – was choreographed by Intel Corp. It provided a dramatic backdrop for the performance and also illustrated the ways large companies are embracing unmanned aircraft in sometimes unexpected ways. The registration of drones used for business has gone from a trickle to a flood. Only a handful were listed in the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration’s aircraft registration database a few years ago. That number swelled to 6,683 as of the end of 2016, according to agency records analyzed by Bloomberg. The list of companies reads like a who’s who of top U.S. corporations, along with startups seeking to catch the wave of unmanned commerce. It comprises old-guard railroads like Berkshire Hathaway Inc.’s BNSF, utilities including Sempra Energy’s San Diego Gas & Electric Co., and technology companies like Microsoft Corp., Amazon.com Inc. and a company that has supplied drones to Alphabet Inc.’s Project Wing. In December alone, Disney Co.’s TV network, ABC Inc., registered 29 drones, bringing its total to 51. 37,000 More “It does show that there is a lot of interest, and this industry is, pardon the pun, really ready to take off,” Tom McMahon, a spokesman for the Association of Unmanned Vehicle Systems International, a Virginia-based trade group, said in an interview. The companies listed in the FAA’s database are the ones the public knows about. Most unmanned aircraft now are being registered in a new, separate online system that the agency has ruled isn’t public information. It has a total of more than 37,000 additional commercial drones registered since the agency created it a year ago. Intel, for example, had registered 112 drones in the public database, giving it the second-largest total. Those were for an earlier light show. The hundreds it has used for the Super Bowl and other recent events are registered separately in the nonpublic system, spokeswoman Krystal Temple said in an e-mail. Temple declined to say how many unmanned craft the company has in the U.S. “Lady Gaga and the Super Bowl creative team wanted to pull off something that had never been done before,” Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel’s New Technology Group, said in a statement. The portion of Gaga’s performance including the light show was taped in advance, Temple said. U.S. regulations prohibit drones from flying over people in most cases. The Federal Aviation Administration also imposed a temporary drone ban around the stadium. Before drone commerce can really flourish, the FAA must expand the current regulations that mostly prohibit flights above people and over long distances, according to the Small UAV Coalition trade group. A UAV is an unmanned aerial vehicle. “But what we are seeing, which is incredibly exciting, is companies are investing in this,” Michael Drobac, the coalition’s executive director, said in an interview. The Washington-based group represents companies including Amazon and Intel. The use of drones for business has benefited from regulatory changes. The FAA put rules in place last year allowing more routine commercial drone flights during the day, at low altitudes and within sight of an operator. It also set up a waiver process to allow night operations or other expanded missions if an applicant proves they are safe. While automated drone deliveries and other far-flung uses won’t be permitted initially, the agency is laying the foundation for expansion. It is crafting a proposal to allow some drone flights over people, for example. Gaga’s roof-top opening portion of the Super Bowl show, with drones forming a star-like backdrop, also was pretaped prior to the game and fed into the broadcast, Temple said. Fans in the stadium had to watch it on video, just like people at home. Intel also produced a holiday show with Disney in Florida from Nov. 20 through Jan. 8, with drones forming a green Christmas tree and a blue dove, among other effects. Through the end of 2014, there had been only about 230 drones registered with the FAA, almost all by companies manufacturing the devices, such as military supplier Aerovironment Inc., academic institutions researching them or government agencies, according to FAA data. That began to change after the FAA created a process in 2014 for businesses to use unmanned aircraft. By March 2015, at least 100 were being registered per month. The registrations in the FAA’s public database peaked last May with 449. An analysis of more than 5,500 of the initial permits granted for commercial drone flights issued by the FAA before the latest regulations went into effect found that most were for small companies with less than $1 million in annual revenue for purposes involving aerial photography or data collection, according to the AUVSI. Mapping, Agriculture One smaller company hoping to capitalize on the new industry had registered the most drones in the FAA’s system. PrecisionHawk USA Inc., which operates drones for agriculture and mapping, listed 113 of its aircraft, beating out Intel by a single drone, according to the FAA’s data. The Raleigh, North Carolina-based company provides drone services to companies that prefer not to own and operate them. Its remote sensors and mapping tools can be used by insurance agents documenting property damage and by farmers assessing their crops, said Thomas Haun, PrecisionHawk’s vice president of global strategy. The company also has teamed up with Deere & Co. to add value to the data it collects. John Deere tractors can be programmed to automatically fertilize needy patches of soil identified from drone flights. Green Mountain Power Corp., which provides three-quarters of Vermont’s electricity, has 16 drones it uses for maintenance, mostly in emergencies, spokeswoman Kristin Carlson said. It has even used drones to check on whether osprey nests on its poles were abandoned or occupied, Mike Burke, director of field operations, said. ABC’s news division is embracing drones in a big way, said Maria Stefanopoulos, production manager for the Good Morning America show. The network is equipping every one of its field producers with an unmanned aircraft so they can be used to cover disasters and other breaking-news events, Stefanopoulos said. A project to film a volcano in Iceland two years ago showed the value of mounting cameras on unmanned aircraft, she said, and they’ve been used since for coverage of forest fires and tornadoes. “We realized it was going to change the way we told stories forever,” she said. Copyright 2017 Bloomberg. Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Categories: National News Topics: drone swarm, prerecorded half time show, Super BOwl Have a news tip? Email us at newsdesk@claimsjournal.com « Previous articleEven When Concussion Symptoms Disappear Driving May be Affected Next article »Alaska City’s Search and Rescue Crew Sees Spike in Alcohol-Related Calls Advertisers See Comments (0)Add a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Notify me of comments via e-mail More News NASCAR Creates Traveling Safety Team for 2017 Most Experts Recommend Kids Under 16 Shouldn’t Use ATVs Summer Weather Prediction up in the Air as La Nina Ends Farmers’ Data Reveals Most Winter Home and Car Hazards Declined in Recent Years The Case of the “Good” Grade Comics Liberty Mutual: Worst Workplace Injuries Cost U.S. Firms $59B Per Year Data Shows Less Human Help Needed by Self-Driving Car Prototypes Luxury Electric Cars Fall Short of Top Crash Test Safety RatingMore News Features 2016: Year in Review Sign up to get news! Follow Claims Journal Most Popular Now This Week Commented El Faro Recording Reveals Crew Did all They Could Indiana Driver Involved in Double Fatal Tesla Crash Intoxicated at Time Florida Tightrope Fall Injures 5, Including Wallendas Super Bowl Halftime Drone Swarm Was Pretaped to Shield Crowd NASCAR Creates Traveling Safety Team for 2017 Workers' Comp Issues to Watch in 2017 Super Bowl Halftime Drone Swarm Was Pretaped to Shield Crowd Arizona and California Auto Insurance Fraud Busts Liberty Mutual: Worst Workplace Injuries Cost U.S. Firms $59B Per Year Who Will Pay for San Francisco's $750M Sinking Luxury Tower? More Top Stories Research and White Papers Have a news tip? Tell us. Claims Weather Map Claims Videos and Podcasts The Impact of Smart Home Devices on Residential Property ClaimsListen Now Understanding Hail ModelingListen Now Reader Poll Insurance Journal Books Claims News Latest News Most Popular News News by Topic Yesterday Site Search Features Claims Jobs Industry Events Buyers Guide Newswire Connect with us Email Newsletters For Your Website RSS Feeds Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Claims Journal Submit News Advertise Subscribe Contact Us Link to Us Magazines Wells Media Group Network Insurance Journal MyNewMarkets.com Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance Carrier Management © 2017 by Wells Media Group, Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Site Map
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AMP Capital Investors Ltd Maintains Stake in American Equity Investment Life Holding Company (AEL) AMP Capital Investors Ltd Sells 2,400 Shares of EnLink Midstream, LLC (ENLC) Visteon Corporation (VC) Position Held by AMP Capital Investors Ltd DexCom, Inc. (DXCM) Position Raised by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $235,000 Position in Retail Properties of America, Inc. (RPAI) Align Technology, Inc. (ALGN) Position Boosted by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Hsbc Holdings PLC Sells 4,887 Shares of EPR Properties (EPR) Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Sells 110,751 Shares of Ambev S.A. (ABEV) Cosan Limited (CZZ) Stake Cut by Investec Asset Management North America Inc. NetEase, Inc. (NTES) Position Held by Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Has $7,958,000 Position in Mednax, Inc (MD) Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Raises Stake in Enersis Americas S.A. (ENIA) TCW Group Inc. Purchases 236,111 Shares of Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated (JLL) TCW Group Inc. Decreases Stake in Seagate Technology PLC (STX) athenahealth, Inc. (ATHN) Shares Sold by TCW Group Inc. TCW Group Inc. Buys 129,166 Shares of EnPro Industries (NPO) Blockhouse Capital Management LP Acquires Shares of 35,000 T-Mobile US, Inc. (TMUS) Baird Financial Group Inc. Has $40,518,000 Stake in Veeva Systems Inc. (VEEV) Baird Financial Group Inc. Has $25,816,000 Stake in Washington Federal, Inc. (WAFD) All Stars Investment Ltd Continues to Hold Stake in New Oriental Education & Technology Group, Inc. (EDU) Steinberg Global Asset Management Has $10,192,000 Stake in Intel Corporation (INTC) February 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Steinberg Global Asset Management increased its stake in shares of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) by 0.1% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 269,986 shares of the chip maker’s stock after buying an additional 255 shares during the period. Intel Corporation accounts for about 1.7% of Steinberg Global Asset Management’s holdings, making the stock its 16th largest position. Steinberg Global Asset Management’s holdings in Intel Corporation were worth $10,192,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in INTC. Global X Management Co. LLC boosted its position in Intel Corporation by 52.0% in the second quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 3,037 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $100,000 after buying an additional 1,039 shares during the last quarter. Jacobus Wealth Management Inc. acquired a new position in Intel Corporation during the third quarter valued at approximately $119,000. Penserra Capital Management LLC boosted its position in Intel Corporation by 36.3% in the second quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 3,178 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 847 shares during the last quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc boosted its position in Intel Corporation by 6.4% in the third quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc now owns 3,346 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $126,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the last quarter. Finally, American Research & Management Co. boosted its position in Intel Corporation by 23.8% in the third quarter. American Research & Management Co. now owns 3,681 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $139,000 after buying an additional 707 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 66.17% of the company’s stock. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) opened at 36.35 on Wednesday. The firm has a market cap of $172.12 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.15 and a beta of 1.03. The company’s 50 day moving average is $36.83 and its 200 day moving average is $35.97. Intel Corporation has a 52-week low of $27.68 and a 52-week high of $38.45. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, January 26th. The chip maker reported $0.79 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.75 by $0.04. Intel Corporation had a net margin of 17.37% and a return on equity of 20.95%. The company had revenue of $16.40 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $15.75 billion. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.74 EPS. Intel Corporation’s revenue for the quarter was up 10.1% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts forecast that Intel Corporation will post $2.79 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 1st. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, February 7th will be given a dividend of $0.26 per share. This represents a $1.04 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.86%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, February 3rd. Intel Corporation’s payout ratio is currently 49.29%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/08/steinberg-global-asset-management-has-10192000-stake-in-intel-corporation-intc.html. Several brokerages have issued reports on INTC. B. Riley reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $46.00 price target (up previously from $45.00) on shares of Intel Corporation in a research note on Wednesday, October 19th. Sanford C. Bernstein set a $36.00 price target on Intel Corporation and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, January 28th. BNP Paribas set a $39.00 price target on Intel Corporation and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, January 28th. Argus reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Intel Corporation in a research note on Wednesday, November 23rd. Finally, Loop Capital assumed coverage on Intel Corporation in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $40.00 target price for the company. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have assigned a hold rating, twenty-nine have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. Intel Corporation has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $40.39. In other news, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 79,051 shares of Intel Corporation stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $36.49, for a total value of $2,884,570.99. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 394,406 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $14,391,874.94. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Diane M. Bryant sold 11,607 shares of Intel Corporation stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, December 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $34.74, for a total transaction of $403,227.18. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 112,006 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,891,088.44. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 156,637 shares of company stock worth $5,732,128 over the last three months. 0.09% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Intel Corporation Intel Corporation is engaged in the design and manufacture of digital technology platforms. The Company’s segments include Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Software and Services (SSG) and All Other. CCG segment includes platforms designed for notebooks (including Ultrabook devices), 2 in 1 systems, desktops (including all-in-ones and personal computers (PCs)), tablets, phones, wireless and wired connectivity products, and mobile communication components. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter CloseSign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Technology Business VR for Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks Search Search Facebook Twitter Newsletter Linkedin Sections Secondary menu Trending Apple Watch Kodi Oculus Rift Samsung Galaxy S7 Sky Q iPad Pro iPhone 7 New MacBook Pro release date, features and rumours: MacOS Beta code points to new Kaby Lake models Technology New MacBook Pro models with updated Intel Kaby Lake processors could be on the way Curtis Moldrich @khurtizz 8 Feb 2017 whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin reddit email It seems as if the lovely - but extremely expensive – new MacBook Pro was released only yesterday, but we’re now hearing more and more about new versions of Apple’s flagship laptop. Earlier this month, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo said Apple will release new Kaby Lake models of the MacBook Pro this year, and new code in the latest version of MacOS backs up his prediction. According to MacRumors, Apple blog  Pike's Universum has uncovered several bits of code in the macOS 10.12.4 beta that seem to point toward new laptops. The code refers to three new motherboards that don’t exist in any MacBook Pros at the moment, but use the same power management as the current models  identifiers in the OS’ code, all of which do not correspond to any existing models. According to the Pike’s Universum blog, we should see the following upgrades when WWDC rolls around: 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar Intel Core i5-6360U 2.0 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.1 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Graphics 540 (15W) Will be replaced by the: Intel Core i5-7260U 2.2GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.4 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Plus Graphics 640 (15W) Intel Core i7-6660U 2.4 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.4 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Graphics 540 (15W) Will be replaced by the: Intel Core i7-7660U 2.5 GHz (max Turbo Boost 4.0 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Plus Graphics 640 (15W) 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar  Intel Core i5-6360U 2.0 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.1 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Graphics 540 (15W)  Will be replaced by the:  Intel Core i5-7260U 2.2GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.4 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Plus Graphics 640 (15W)  Intel Core i7-6660U 2.4 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.4 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Graphics 540 (15W)  Will be replaced by the:  Intel Core i7-7660U 2.5 GHz (max Turbo Boost 4.0 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Plus Graphics 640 (15W)  13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar  Intel Core i5-6267U 2.9 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.3 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Graphics 550 (28W)  Will be replaced by the:  Intel Core i5-7267U 3.1 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.5 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Plus Graphics 650 (28W)  Intel Core i5-6287U 3.1 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.5 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Graphics 550 (28W)  Will be replaced by the:  Intel Core i5-7287U 3.3 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.7 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Plus Graphics 650 (28W)  Intel Core i7-6567U 3.3 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.6 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Graphics 550 (28W)  Will be replaced by the:  Intel Core i7-7567U 3.5 GHz (max Turbo Boost 4.0 GHz) with Intel® Iris™ Plus Graphics 650 (28W)  15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar  Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.5 GHz) with Intel® HD Graphics 530 (45W)  Will be replaced by the:  Intel Core i7-7700HQ 2.8 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.8 GHz) with Intel® HD Graphics 630 (45W)  Intel Core i7-6820HQ 2.7 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.6 GHz) with Intel® HD Graphics 530 (45W)  Will be replaced by the:  Intel Core i7-7820HQ 2.9 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.9 GHz) with Intel® HD Graphics 630 (45W)  Intel Core i7-6920HQ 2.9 GHz (max Turbo Boost 3.8 GHz) with Intel® HD Graphics 530 (45W)  Will be replaced by the:  Intel Core i7-7920HQ 3.1 GHz (max Turbo Boost 4.1 GHz) with Intel® HD Graphics 630 (45W)   Everything else we know about the new MacBook Pro 1. The new MacBook Pro has a stunning Touch Bar The Touch Bar is by far the most interesting feature on the new MacBook Pro, and it’s also one of the things we were pretty certain about before it was launched. Essentially, Apple has removed the function keys, replacing them with a reactive, OLED screen that changes depending on what you’re doing. There were some pretty convincing demos of the hardware last night, and our hands-on also suggests it’s more than a gimmick. 2. The new MacBook Pro is up to 2.3x faster than the last model Apple has squeezed a quad-core i7 chip into the new MacBook Pro along with 16GB of LPDDR3 onboard memory. That means that the new MacBook Pro is up to 2.3 times faster than its predecessor. Graphics-card wise, the 15in version also uses a Radeon Pro 450 or 455 with 2GB of GDDR5 memory and automatic graphics switching. Battery life is always an important factor, and the new MacBook Pro offers pretty impressive performance here, too. Both the 13in model will give you around ten hours of use before needing a charge.  3. Apple has removed three familiar features From the outside, one of those is obvious. For years, a glowing Apple logo has been a hallmark of every MacBook, but it’s gone on the MacBook Pro. The new 12in MacBook is the only other laptop in Apple’s range without a glowing logo, so its removal could have something to do with the introduction of new screen technology. Second, and somewhat less obviously, Apple has also done away with the startup chime on the new MacBook Pro – and that’s because it boots up as soon as it’s opened. Lastly, the MagSafe charging connector is gone, although that also disappeared on last year's 12in MacBook.  4. The new MacBook Pro has Touch ID As expected, the new MacBook Pro comes with Touch ID, so you can use your fingerprint to make purchases, open encrypted files and more. The Touch ID module is on the right-hand side of the new Touch Bar, and it’s controlled by a brand-new “T1” chip. 5. The are NO normal USB ports Both MacBook Pros feature no USB ports, but do come with four Thunderbolt or USB Type C ports each. That means any of those points can be your charging socket, and you'll still have room for another three devices. They're also capable of 10GB/sec transfer speeds. Of course, you're going to have to buy at least three dongles to get the most out of them... 6. There are THREE new MacBooks Apple is also unveiling another 13in MacBook Pro without all the new-fangled features of the two flagship models. As you’d expect, it’s slightly less powerful and customisable than the other two models, but it does cost a bit less, too. It features actual physical function keys, and it will have two fewer Thunderbolt ports. All models are available in either Space Grey or Silver. 7. The new MacBook Pro costs A LOT more money See related  The iPhone 7 needs a new cable to connect to the new MacBook Pro — and that's not cool iPhone 7 vs Samsung Galaxy S7: Which smartphone should you buy in 2016? In addition to a total removal of regular USB ports, the main issue with the new MacBook Pro is its astonishing price. The new MacBook Pro starts at £1,449, but you have to pay at least £1,749 to get four USB Type-C ports and the new Touch Bar, too. As for the 15in version? That starts at an eye-watering £2,349.  8. The new MacBook Pro is thinner and lighter Apple has shrunk the size of both the 13in and the 15in MacBook Pros. The new 13in laptop is 14.6mm thick, 23% smaller, and weighs just 3.02 pounds – half a pound less than the outgoing version. The 15in MacBook Pro is 20% smaller, and only 15.5mm in width. It also weighs 4.02 pounds, just one more than the 13in MacBook Pro. 9. And that’s partly because of a new keyboard The new MacBook Pro’s thinness owes a lot to its brand-new keyboard. Apple has introduced a double-hinged, butterfly-style keyboard to the new MacBook Pro, and it’s a development of the one we’ve seen on the 12in MacBook. As a result, the new keyboard has considerably less key travel than before, and that’s something you’ll probably have to get used to. At least the already fantastic trackpad is now twice as large as before.  10. The new display is LUSH Apple has improved the new 15in MacBook Pro’s Retina display so it’s even better than before. This time around, the screen is 67% brighter and has a 67% better contrast ratio than the previous version. Apple says the new panel can display 25% more colours too, so pictures will look more vibrant and natural. 11. Storage isn’t bad either All the new MacBook Pro’s come with an SSD of at least 256GB in size, but if you’re willing to pay that can extend to extend to 1TB on the 13in MacBook Pro and 2TB on the 15in model. Storage is up to 50% faster, too. 12. Cheaper models could be coming soon According to a report by KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kup Apple is getting ready to release 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pros, with Intel’s brand new Kaby Lake processors. As written by MacRumours,the report goes on to say that production fo both laptops will start in the early third waurter around July. If you’re waiting for a price drop, it looks like you may be in luck. Kuo predicts the entry-level 13-inch MacBook Pro – the one without the TouchBar – should be discounted this year, partly to bring it in line with the 13-inch MacBook Air it’ll eventually replace. Read more about: Technology You are here: Home Technology New MacBook Pro release date, features and rumours: MacOS Beta code points to new Kaby Lake models Most Popular Google Tango project turns real-world rooms into VR havens 1 Feb 2017 Virtual reality This robot is definitely not a robot 27 Jan 2017 Robotics What are your odds of surviving a nuclear attack? 30 Jan 2017 Science Confront death with this out-of-body VR experience 31 Jan 2017 Virtual reality Tinder for Orangutans: Teaching apes to swipe right 31 Jan 2017 Science These are the best 14 Kodi addons to get in January 19 Jan 2017 Software GT Sport on the PS4: All you need to know 9 Feb 2017 Games The best Android phones of 2017 31 Jan 2017 Mobile phones Samsung is offering two great wearables for the price of one 10 Feb 2017 Samsung Raspberry Pi 4: Rumours, specs and release date 7 Feb 2017 Raspberry Pi Technology Devices, software, wearables and more Volvo S90 and V90 review: High-tech cars just got sensible Volvo’s S90 and V90 get a technological makeover and it’s as much of a success as it was with the XC90 10 Feb 2017 Cars I love Chromecast, but the Ultra leaves me cold 3 Chromecast Ultra is a great 4K TV streamer, but you almost certainly shouldn't buy it – yet 10 Feb 2017 Google Pictures Jonathan Bray 10 Feb 2017 whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin reddit email Volvo’s S90 and V90 get a technological makeover and it’s as much of a success as it was with the XC90 Image 1 of 26 More about Cars Quick poll: Has Apple lost its way? The figures all look good, but is Apple now any different from its rival tech companies? 9 Feb 2017 Apple Business How technology is changing your work Tim Cook on Brexit: it will be fine Apple's CEO Tim Cook isn't worried about Brexit but will continue to speak out about US immigration policies 10 Feb 2017 Business Airbnb in £160 million deal to buy Luxury Retreats Forget futons, Airbnb’s going luxe 10 Feb 2017 Business Is Brexit to blame for decline in UK startup funding? 2016 saw investment in UK startups and high growth private companies dwindle, but not all the blame can be lumped on Brexit 9 Feb 2017 Business UK tech pay paltry, but don't head to Silicon Valley The UK’s tech industry has one of the lowest average salaries globally, Hired finds, but Silicon Valley isn’t the answer 9 Feb 2017 Business VR for Business How businesses can make their own VR content Creating VR content is now something even small businesses can do. Here's how. 12 Jan 2017 Sponsored How to bring the excitement of a holiday to the high-street? How Thomas Cook used VR to give holidaymakers a glimpse of their dream destination 14 Dec 2016 Advertisement Feature How VR is changing the face of retail The latest wave of change to hit retail is virtual reality 14 Dec 2016 Sponsored VR: The next big shift in advertising Virtual reality advertising is still in its infancy, but already it is achieving real results for companies willing to invest 2 Dec 2016 Sponsored Science Developments from the frontiers of science SpaceX is blasting a superbug into orbit We’ll know who to blame if things take a sci-fi turn for the worse 10 Feb 2017 Space Not even Trump can halt the clean energy revolution Clean, cheap and cheerful: Renewable energy is making strides in the US, despite Trump’s best efforts 10 Feb 2017 Environment NASA's computer upgrade means we can finally go to Venus Forget Mars: scientists finally have a computer chip that’ll survive the hellish heat of Venus 9 Feb 2017 Space Behold the MIT-engineered stomach acid battery It’ll help deliver drugs and monitor vital signs, like an overzealous dealer 8 Feb 2017 Science Cars The cutting edge of automotive technology Volvo S90 and V90 review: High-tech cars just got sensible Volvo’s S90 and V90 get a technological makeover and it’s as much of a success as it was with the XC90 10 Feb 2017 Cars Pictures Jonathan Bray 10 Feb 2017 whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin reddit email Volvo’s S90 and V90 get a technological makeover and it’s as much of a success as it was with the XC90 Image 1 of 26 More about Cars Uber hires NASA expert to research flying cars Ride sharing firm has high hopes for its latest futuristic scheme 8 Feb 2017 Cars Kia Rio (2017) hands-on review 4 The Kia Rio is finally a match for the Nissan Micra 3 Feb 2017 Cars Life & Culture How technology is changing our everyday lives Art-valanche! Metropolitan Museum of Art goes open access The leading art museum has made more than 375,000 images available online without restriction 10 Feb 2017 Art There’s an online troll in all of us Your inner internet troll might be lying dormant, but it could awaken at any moment, researchers warn 9 Feb 2017 Life & Culture Project Cars 2 is coming THIS YEAR Project Cars 2 is going to go head to head with GT Sport 9 Feb 2017 Games YouTube Go launches in India with offline downloads Offline YouTube is here, if you live in India 9 Feb 2017 Life & Culture The Future The world of 20 years from now This little robot follows you around carrying all your stuff Backpacks are so 2016 8 Feb 2017 The Future Why 2017 will be the year of AI AI is more than machine learning, and 2017 could be the year it goes mainstream 19 Dec 2016 The Future Microsoft opens fund to invest in the future of AI Element AI is the company's incubator and platform that will help companies adopt an AI-first strategy 14 Dec 2016 Microsoft Amazon Go is a brick-and-mortar shop without any checkouts There will be no unexpected items in the bagging area in Jeff Bezos’ lineless future 6 Dec 2016 Amazon Latest Reviews Volvo S90 and V90 review: High-tech cars just got sensible 10 Feb 2017 Cars I love Chromecast, but the Ultra leaves me cold 10 Feb 2017 Google Is the Samsung Gear VR really worth it? 9 Feb 2017 Samsung Gear VR Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017): Can it beat the OnePlus 3T? 8 Feb 2017 Samsung ResMed S+ review: An answer to insomniacs’ prayers 8 Feb 2017 Wearables Naim Mu-So for Bentley: Ludicrously luxurious wireless audio 6 Feb 2017 Speakers Kia Rio (2017) hands-on review 3 Feb 2017 Cars BT Whole Home Wi-Fi review: Blanket wi-fi you can count on 31 Jan 2017 BT Dell XPS 13 2017: A great laptop, improved even more 30 Jan 2017 Dell XPS 13 Honor 6X review: Solid performance at a hard-to-beat price 30 Jan 2017 Mobile phones Lexus 2017 hybrid range review 26 Jan 2017 Cars Resident Evil 7 review: A masterful puzzle box of horrors 25 Jan 2017 Games Back to top Technology Business VR for Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Newsletter About us Contact us Advertise with us Feeds Authors IT Pro Cloud Pro Expert Reviews More of our brands Affiliate Link Policy Privacy Notice © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska AOPEN® Partners With Intel® To Unveil Visual Data Reference Design Specification Compliant Device English Deutsch Français New Digital Engine With Intel® Xeon® Processor Positioned To Supercharge Digital Signage Markets News provided by AOPEN Feb 08, 2017, 02:59 ET Share this article SAN JOSE, Calif., Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- AOPEN®, a global electronics manufacturer and innovative digital signage thought leader, announced its Intel® Xeon® processor-based DE7400XE Visual Data Reference digital engine. This collaboration and partnership with Intel defines standard ways of consolidating workload of IoT applications and brings greater capabilities to the edge between cloud and client architectures - yielding an innovative product that consolidates workload of high-performance digital signage, video use cases, analytics, virtualization, and SQL server deployments. "Our collaboration builds better tools for the market and mutual success," says Stephen Borg, Global Chief Digital Officer at AOPEN.  "As the ODM, AOPEN works with Intel to offer the latest technology, deep knowledge of the sector, and the control to change elements that improve our product line." Continue Reading AOPENs DE7400 Digital Engine AOPENs DE7400 Digital Engine (back view) With massive IoT applications overwhelming legacy networks and cloud computing infrastructures, real-time decision making is driving demand for localized analytics, storage, video recording, and processing. IoT markets seek to extend cloud functionalities at the edge. New market requirements like rich media streaming and recoding, remote management, analytics, and high-performance computing have maximized business investments in retail and commercial space with immersive customer experiences. The AOPEN DE7400XE offers Discrete (standalone) and Modular (cluster or blade) Visual Data Device configurations with AOPEN engine core accessories. "Intel's Visual Data Reference Design Specification encourages visual retail, smart classroom, and other industries to rethink business models using video and digital signage technologies," says Jose Avalos, Global Director for Visual Retail and Digital Signage at Intel. "As a result, the AOPEN DE7400XE delivers immersive experiences to consumers and businesses using high-performance video and audio, data-driven insights, and seamless collaboration and interactivity." The DE7400XE houses an Intel Xeon E3 v5 processor, handles 3 independent UHD screens, has full HEVC (H.265) hardware acceleration, and simultaneously drives 4 external Sata hard disks. Its ruggedized small form factor design services high-end signage, video surveillance, analytics, virtualization, SQL server, or a combination of these. The DE7400XE is on display at Integrated Systems Europe, 7-10 February, in Amsterdam Hall 10 Booth N146. For more information, contact info@aopen.com or visit http://www.aopen.com About AOPEN Founded in 1996, AOPEN is a major global electronics manufacturer and thought leader in digital signage. Specializing in multi-platform, ultra-small form factor computing, AOPEN works with a wide range of partners - from hardware to software and services. Through these partnerships, AOPEN creates advanced digital display solutions for many of the world's top brands. As part of the Wistron® group, AOPEN has a presence in over 100 countries. AOPEN customers and partners range from governments and financial institutions to retailers, retail design firms, strategic consultants, and branding agencies. ©2017 AOPEN INC, Wistron and its affiliates are registered trademarks of the Wistron Group. All Rights Reserved. Intel and Xeon are trademarks the Intel Corporation.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aopen-partners-with-intel-to-unveil-visual-data-reference-design-specification-compliant-device-300404016.html SOURCE AOPEN Related Links http://www.aopen.com Feb 08, 2017, 04:36 ET Preview: AOPEN® wird Partner von Intel® zur Präsentation des Visual Data Reference Design Compliant Device Jan 16, 2017, 11:54 ET Preview: New AOPEN® Chrome™ Devices Offer Enterprise Grade Performance At An Affordable Price My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 09, 2017, 11:41 ETAOPEN® se asocia con Intel® Feb 08, 2017, 11:05 ETAOPEN® forme un partenariat avec Intel® pour dévoiler un... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Advertising You just read: AOPEN® Partners With Intel® To Unveil Visual Data Reference Design Specification Compliant Device News provided by AOPEN Feb 08, 2017, 02:59 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ AOPEN® Partners With Intel® To Unveil Visual Data Reference Design Specification Compliant Device AOPEN® Partners With Intel® To Unveil Visual Data Reference Design Specification Compliant Device woensdag 8 februari 2017 09:01 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire New Digital Engine With Intel® ( )Xeon® Processor Positioned To Supercharge Digital Signage Markets SAN JOSE, California, Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- AOPEN®, a global electronics manufacturer and innovative digital signage thought leader, announced its Intel® Xeon® processor-based DE7400XE Visual Data Reference digital engine. This collaboration and partnership with Intel defines standard ways of consolidating workload of IoT applications and brings greater capabilities to the edge between cloud and client architectures - yielding an innovative product that consolidates workload of high-performance digital signage, video use cases, analytics, virtualization, and SQL server deployments. Photo - http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/466014/AOPEN___DE7400_Digital_Engine.jpg [http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/466014/AOPEN___DE7400_Digital_Engine.jpg] Photo - http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/466015/AOPEN___DE7400_Digital_Engine_Back_View.jpg [http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/466015/AOPEN___DE7400_Digital_Engine_Back_View.jpg] Logo - http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/457736/AOPEN_Logo.jpg [http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/457736/AOPEN_Logo.jpg] "Our collaboration builds better tools for the market and mutual success," says Stephen Borg, Global Chief Digital Officer at AOPEN. "As the ODM, AOPEN works with Intel to offer the latest technology, deep knowledge of the sector, and the control to change elements that improve our product line." With massive IoT applications overwhelming legacy networks and cloud computing infrastructures, real-time decision making is driving demand for localized analytics, storage, video recording, and processing. IoT markets seek to extend cloud functionalities at the edge. New market requirements like rich media streaming and recoding, remote management, analytics, and high-performance computing have maximized business investments in retail and commercial space with immersive customer experiences. The AOPEN DE7400XE offers Discrete (standalone) and Modular (cluster or blade) Visual Data Device configurations with AOPEN engine core accessories. "Intel's Visual Data Reference Design Specification encourages visual retail, smart classroom, and other industries to rethink business models using video and digital signage technologies," says Jose Avalos, Global Director for Visual Retail and Digital Signage at Intel. "As a result, the AOPEN DE7400XE delivers immersive experiences to consumers and businesses using high-performance video and audio, data-driven insights, and seamless collaboration and interactivity." The DE7400XE houses an Intel Xeon E3 v5 processor, handles 3 independent UHD screens, has full HEVC (H.265) hardware acceleration, and simultaneously drives 4 external Sata hard disks. Its ruggedized small form factor design services high-end signage, video surveillance, analytics, virtualization, SQL server, or a combination of these. The DE7400XE is on display at Integrated Systems Europe, 7-10 February, in Amsterdam Hall 10 Booth N146. For more information, contact info@aopen.com [mailto:info@aopen.com] or visit http://www.aopen.com [http://www.aopen.com/] About AOPEN Founded in 1996, AOPEN is a major global electronics manufacturer and thought leader in digital signage. Specializing in multi-platform, ultra-small form factor computing, AOPEN works with a wide range of partners - from hardware to software and services. Through these partnerships, AOPEN creates advanced digital display solutions for many of the world's top brands. As part of the Wistron® group, AOPEN has a presence in over 100 countries. AOPEN customers and partners range from governments and financial institutions to retailers, retail design firms, strategic consultants, and branding agencies. ©2017 AOPEN INC, Wistron and its affiliates are registered trademarks of the Wistron Group. All Rights Reserved.Intel and Xeon are trademarks the Intel Corporation. http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/457736/AOPEN_Logo.jpg [http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/457736/AOPEN_Logo.jpg] Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/457736/AOPEN_Logo.jpghttp://mma.prnewswire.com/media/466014/AOPEN___DE7400_Digital_Engine.jpghttp://mma.prnewswire.com/media/466015/AOPEN___DE7400_Digital_Engine_Back_View.jpghttp://mma.prnewswire.com/media/457736/AOPEN_Logo.jpg AOPEN CONTACT: Joy Chua, Global Marketing & Strategic Partnerships, Email:press@aopen.com Web site: http://www.aopen.com/ PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie IVECO BUS delivers 628 buses to state schools in Minas Gerais, Brazil vrijdag 10 februari 2017 16:44 HRH Princess Haya and Her Children Donate $40 Million in Memory of HM the Late King Hussein Bin Talal and HM the Late Queen Alia Al Hussein to Fight Hunger and Poverty Across Kingdom of Jordan vrijdag 10 februari 2017 12:02 Mohawk Industries Reports Record Q4 And Full Year Results donderdag 9 februari 2017 22:42 Fraport Traffic Figures - January 2017: Frankfurt Airport Registers New Passenger Record in January donderdag 9 februari 2017 20:28 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Contact Verrijn Stuartlaan 7 2288 EK Rijswijk 070 - 41 41 234 Follow us Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact Algemene voorwaarden APS Direct Login ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire 070 - 41 41 234
Latest News Dow 20,269 +96.97 +0.48% Nasdaq 5,734 +18.95 +0.33% S&P 500 2,316 +8.23 +0.36% 2/10 Updated Trump may be playing with fire by only getting 4 to 5 hours sleep every night 2/10 Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. 2/10 Russia considers returning Snowden to U.S. as ‘gift’ to Trump: report 2/10 Updated You’ll be smarter about money if you follow these Twitter accounts 2/10 Trump says he is considering new executive order on immigration 2/10 Updated What the average American wedding looks like -- and costs 2/10 Iranians Vilify Trump in Rally Celebrating 1979 Revolution 2/10 Updated This little-noticed phenomenon could make stock picking great again 2/10 Updated Of course actors should freely express political opinions, says actor 2/10 Updated This money-making market bubble is about to burst 2/10 Dan Loeb took new stakes in J.P. Morgan, B. of A. and dumped Allergan 2/10 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Updated Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Why iPhone Singles Pass on Dating Android Users 2/10 Updated Do Trump supporters have a breaking point? 2/10 Updated Treasury yields post a weekly decline as worries about geopolitics weigh 2/10 Trump and Japan's Abe Talk Economics and North Korea 2/10 Why more unmarried couples are buying homes and how to win an Oscar 2/10 Why people are delaying filing their taxes this year 2/10 Trump rally as much about real economy as hopes for stimulus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Major U.S. stock indexes end at record high for second straight day Home Press Release AOPEN® Partners With Intel® To Unveil Visual Data Reference Design Specification Compliant Device By Published: Feb 8, 2017 2:59 a.m. ET Share New Digital Engine With Intel® Xeon® Processor Positioned To Supercharge Digital Signage Markets SAN JOSE, Calif., Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- AOPEN®, a global electronics manufacturer and innovative digital signage thought leader, announced its Intel® Xeon® processor-based DE7400XE Visual Data Reference digital engine. This collaboration and partnership with Intel defines standard ways of consolidating workload of IoT applications and brings greater capabilities to the edge between cloud and client architectures - yielding an innovative product that consolidates workload of high-performance digital signage, video use cases, analytics, virtualization, and SQL server deployments. "Our collaboration builds better tools for the market and mutual success," says Stephen Borg, Global Chief Digital Officer at AOPEN.  "As the ODM, AOPEN works with Intel to offer the latest technology, deep knowledge of the sector, and the control to change elements that improve our product line." With massive IoT applications overwhelming legacy networks and cloud computing infrastructures, real-time decision making is driving demand for localized analytics, storage, video recording, and processing. IoT markets seek to extend cloud functionalities at the edge. New market requirements like rich media streaming and recoding, remote management, analytics, and high-performance computing have maximized business investments in retail and commercial space with immersive customer experiences. The AOPEN DE7400XE offers Discrete (standalone) and Modular (cluster or blade) Visual Data Device configurations with AOPEN engine core accessories. "Intel's Visual Data Reference Design Specification encourages visual retail, smart classroom, and other industries to rethink business models using video and digital signage technologies," says Jose Avalos, Global Director for Visual Retail and Digital Signage at Intel. "As a result, the AOPEN DE7400XE delivers immersive experiences to consumers and businesses using high-performance video and audio, data-driven insights, and seamless collaboration and interactivity." The DE7400XE houses an Intel Xeon E3 v5 processor, handles 3 independent UHD screens, has full HEVC (H.265) hardware acceleration, and simultaneously drives 4 external Sata hard disks. Its ruggedized small form factor design services high-end signage, video surveillance, analytics, virtualization, SQL server, or a combination of these. The DE7400XE is on display at Integrated Systems Europe, 7-10 February, in AmsterdamHall 10 Booth N146. For more information, contact info@aopen.com or visit http://www.aopen.com About AOPEN Founded in 1996, AOPEN is a major global electronics manufacturer and thought leader in digital signage. Specializing in multi-platform, ultra-small form factor computing, AOPEN works with a wide range of partners - from hardware to software and services. Through these partnerships, AOPEN creates advanced digital display solutions for many of the world's top brands. As part of the Wistron® group, AOPEN has a presence in over 100 countries. AOPEN customers and partners range from governments and financial institutions to retailers, retail design firms, strategic consultants, and branding agencies. ©2017 AOPEN INC, Wistron and its affiliates are registered trademarks of the Wistron Group. All Rights Reserved. Intel and Xeon are trademarks the Intel Corporation.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aopen-partners-with-intel-to-unveil-visual-data-reference-design-specification-compliant-device-300404016.html SOURCE AOPEN Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. Amazon.com takes aim at Victoria’s Secret with its own $10 bras Beastly Nvidia earnings beaten by burden of high expectations Marijuana tax revenue hit $200 million in Colorado as sales pass $1 billion MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Computer Electronics | Computer Hardware | Computer Software | Consumer Electronics | Advertising | Licensing | New Products & Services | Trade Show News AOPEN® Partners With Intel® To Unveil Visual Data Reference Design Specification Compliant Device Translations: English Download image Download image Download image Download image   New Digital Engine With Intel®  Xeon® Processor Positioned To Supercharge Digital Signage Markets SAN JOSE, California, Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- AOPEN®, a global electronics manufacturer and innovative digital signage thought leader, announced its Intel® Xeon® processor-based DE7400XE Visual Data Reference digital engine. This collaboration and partnership with Intel defines standard ways of consolidating workload of IoT applications and brings greater capabilities to the edge between cloud and client architectures - yielding an innovative product that consolidates workload of high-performance digital signage, video use cases, analytics, virtualization, and SQL server deployments. Photo - http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/466014/AOPEN___DE7400_Digital_Engine.jpg Photo - http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/466015/AOPEN___DE7400_Digital_Engine_Back_View.jpg Logo - http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/457736/AOPEN_Logo.jpg "Our collaboration builds better tools for the market and mutual success," says Stephen Borg, Global Chief Digital Officer at AOPEN.  "As the ODM, AOPEN works with Intel to offer the latest technology, deep knowledge of the sector, and the control to change elements that improve our product line." With massive IoT applications overwhelming legacy networks and cloud computing infrastructures, real-time decision making is driving demand for localized analytics, storage, video recording, and processing. IoT markets seek to extend cloud functionalities at the edge. New market requirements like rich media streaming and recoding, remote management, analytics, and high-performance computing have maximized business investments in retail and commercial space with immersive customer experiences. The AOPEN DE7400XE offers Discrete (standalone) and Modular (cluster or blade) Visual Data Device configurations with AOPEN engine core accessories. "Intel's Visual Data Reference Design Specification encourages visual retail, smart classroom, and other industries to rethink business models using video and digital signage technologies," says Jose Avalos, Global Director for Visual Retail and Digital Signage at Intel. "As a result, the AOPEN DE7400XE delivers immersive experiences to consumers and businesses using high-performance video and audio, data-driven insights, and seamless collaboration and interactivity." The DE7400XE houses an Intel Xeon E3 v5 processor, handles 3 independent UHD screens, has full HEVC (H.265) hardware acceleration, and simultaneously drives 4 external Sata hard disks. Its ruggedized small form factor design services high-end signage, video surveillance, analytics, virtualization, SQL server, or a combination of these. The DE7400XE is on display at Integrated Systems Europe, 7-10 February, in Amsterdam Hall 10 Booth N146. For more information, contact info@aopen.com or visit http://www.aopen.com About AOPEN Founded in 1996, AOPEN is a major global electronics manufacturer and thought leader in digital signage. Specializing in multi-platform, ultra-small form factor computing, AOPEN works with a wide range of partners - from hardware to software and services. Through these partnerships, AOPEN creates advanced digital display solutions for many of the world's top brands. As part of the Wistron® group, AOPEN has a presence in over 100 countries. AOPEN customers and partners range from governments and financial institutions to retailers, retail design firms, strategic consultants, and branding agencies. ©2017 AOPEN INC, Wistron and its affiliates are registered trademarks of the Wistron Group. All Rights Reserved. Intel and Xeon are trademarks the Intel Corporation.     SOURCE AOPEN RELATED LINKS http://www.aopen.com More by this Source AOPEN® se asocia con Intel® 09 Feb, 2017, 16:41 GMT AOPEN® forme un partenariat avec Intel® pour dévoiler un périphérique conforme à la spécification de conception de référence des données visuelles 08 Feb, 2017, 16:05 GMT AOPEN® wird Partner von Intel® zur Präsentation des Visual Data Reference Design Compliant Device 08 Feb, 2017, 09:36 GMT View all news by AOPEN Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Computer Electronics News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Skip to main content Windows Central Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions Windows 10 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 HP Elite x3 Xbox Surface Studio Surface Pro 4 Surface Book Microsoft Band 2 Cortana Shop HOT DEAL$ Digital Deals All Accessories Cases & Covers Chargers & Cables Docks & Cradles Batteries Screen Protectors Windows 10 Help & How To Best Windows Store Apps Best Windows Store Games Apps Microsoft Insider Program Surface Surface Tips Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 3 Xbox Game Reviews Xbox LIVE Project Scorpio Laptop Buyers Guide Windows Phone Apps Games HP Elite x3 Alcatel Idol 4S Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Lumia 1520 Lumia 550 Hololens Podcast Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Dell Laptop Deals Live Help The Best Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Windows Central Forums All News Stories Phone News Surface News Windows News Xbox News MSFT News Apps Games Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop Accessories Podcasts Videos Contact us Tip Us On News Download our app! Android Central Connectedly CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Falling in love HP Envy 34 review: An ultrawide curved all-in-one after my heart Budget laptops we love On a budget? You'll love these 4 affordable laptops Video first look HP Stream 11 x360 unboxing and hands on Business-class Awesome HP's EliteBook x360 1030 G2 is now up for purchase Windows Phones HP rolling out yet another firmware update for the Elite x3 < > Best Laptops Best Antivirus Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Windows 10 Tip us on News! Shop: Surface Studio | New Surface Book | Xbox One S Bundles | NEW Dell XPS 13" Leader of the pack HP Spectre x360 15 review: The best gets bigger By Daniel Rubino Monday, Feb 6, 2017 at 8:00 am EST 67 Comments Daniel Rubino is Editor in Chief of Windows Central. He has been covering Microsoft since 2009 back when this site was called WMExperts (and later Windows Phone Central). His interests include Windows, Surface, HoloLens, Xbox, and future computing visions. Follow him on Twitter: @daniel_rubino. With a 4K display, pen and all-metal body, can HP strike twice with the larger Spectre x360 15? You bet. Last year, HP released its revamped Spectre x360 13-inch Ultrabook with accolades all around. I named it my favorite laptop of the year, besting the venerable Dell XPS 13. The question remained, however, if the company would apply its lessons-learned formula to the Spectre's bigger brother, the Spectre x360 15. HP answered that question in early January at CES with the brand new — and similarly designed — Spectre x360 15-bl062nr. The new Spectre x360 15 is bigger and heavier, but after a week with the device, I'm very impressed with HP's engineering. Here is why this laptop is the best value for your money. About this review The HP Spectre used here in testing is the Kaby Lake Core i7 (i7-7500) version with 16GB of RAM and 512GB of internal storage. HP provided an early review unit, and the Spectre x360 15 is expected to go on sale on February 24. What's new 2017's changes and improvements The Spectre x360 15 is a different beast amongst laptops. Usually, once you hit the 15-inch range, the devices start packing 45W quad-core processors with much bigger, heavier chassis. It's even rarer to find a two-in-one convertible at this size. In that sense, the Spectre x360 15 is best thought of as a large Ultrabook. For instance, the Spectre x360 15 packs "only" a 15W dual-core processor, and while it has a dedicated NVIDIA GPU, it's more of a boost than it is for gaming graphics. (More on that below). HP kept the display to only 4K instead of offering two versions (Full HD and 4K). The reason for that choice is consumers overall preferred the 4K variant with one caveat. They wanted the battery life of the Full HD version. That initiated the second change: a larger battery. By putting in a 79-WHr battery, HP bucked a trend and made the 2017 Spectre slightly thicker than last year's model. That's a bold move but absolutely the right one. (The laptop is still just 0.70 inches (17.78 mm) thin.) There is also the massive reduction in the display's bezel, something that HP says a whopping 97 percent of customers wanted. The result is this year's Spectre has bezels that are 70 percent thinner than last year's model, coming in at just 4.65mm. The overall design language mirrors the smaller 13-inch variant, with the only other change being the color, a dark ash instead of silver. Packed to the brim HP Spectre x360 15 specifications Category HP Spectre x360 15 Processor Intel Core i7-7500U 7th-gen (Kaby Lake) 2.7GHz base, up to 3.5GHz Turbo Internal storage Up to 1TB PCIe SSD RAM 8GB or 16GB DDR4 (2 DIMM) Display 15.6" 4K (3840x2160) Touch and pen enabled 72% Adobe color gamut; 282 PPI 340 nits brightness Direct bonded IPS Graphics NVIDIA GeForce 940MX 2GB DDR5 VRAM Ports 1x USB-A 3.1 3.5mm jack Full SD card 2x USB-C (1x Thunderbolt 3; 1x USB-C 3.1) 1x HDMI 2.0 Camera Front-facing HP TrueVision FHD IR webcam with integrated dual-array digital microphones Windows Hello enabled 88-degree, wide-angle field of view Wireless 2x2 802.11ac WLAN Bluetooth 4.2 Battery 79.2 WHr 90W AC fast-charge adapter Weight 4.42lbs (2kg) Dimensions 0.70" (H) x 14.00" (W) x 9.88" (D) 17.78 mm (H) x 355.6 mm (W) x 253.49 mm (D) Color HP finish in dark ash silver Audio Bang & Olufsen with dual speakers Active Pen Yes, included in box An all-metal beauty HP Spectre x360 design The 15-inch Spectre is very similar in design to the 13-inch version, just bigger. That's a good thing, too, because HP found, in my opinion, the sweet spot between form and function. The HP Spectre x360 15 is made from CNC machined aluminum, and it's outstanding. The all-metal feel makes it rather heavy at 4.42lbs (2kg), but that just adds to the quality feel. It's a dense beast that very much mimics the beautiful qualities of Apple's devices. Nonetheless, HP maintains a very distinct look with the Spectre x360 series, and no one will mistake it for a MacBook Pro. Unlike the 13-inch version, the 15 is offered in "dark ash silver." To my eyes, it looks like black and copper, but there is a subtle distinction. It is not quite that black but more ash. While the all-silver 13 looks great, I think dark ash silver offers a very handsome, professional look. This was an excellent color choice by HP, especially with those contrasting polished edges. I think the Spectre x360 is by far one of the nicest looking and quality feeling Windows laptops, even besting Microsoft's Surface series. (Yes, I just wrote that.). One slight downside of the dark ash silver is it is slightly prone to collecting fingerprints, but it is not nearly as bad as the Razer Blades of the world. You still can't open this laptop with one hand, however, because you need some help holding down the base. My only real gripe with this laptop is a small one. Due to the x360 hinge that lets you turn the device into a tablet, you can shake the laptop until the display slips down on its hinge. To be clear, this doesn't happen when typing in your lap, but it's an apparent side effect of having a large, 15.6-inch touch display with an aluminum chassis. I'm not sure how you engineer around that, as the hinge needs to be flexible enough to switch to tent, presentation and tablet modes without much force. Overall, while the Spectre x360 15 is one of the heavier 15.6-inch laptops that's not quad-core, its outstanding build quality, machined body, and elegant color choice makes this notebook feel substantial and worth every dollar. It's just outstanding. 4K glory HP Spectre x360 15 display The argument over the need for 4K displays in laptops won't end anytime soon, but no one can deny that they look great. The real concerns are impacts on performance and battery life. The 4K (3840 x 2160) IPS display HP uses in the Spectre x360 15 is a different class than Sharp IGZO display found in Dell's XPS line. That's not a knock. I like this display panel in the Spectre x360 15. The colors are not overly vibrant, and while the screen is glossy, I didn't find reflections too bothersome. HP also says the display is non-PenTile and features Panel Self Refresh technology. PenTile screens have had mixed reactions, with some hating the subpixel layout with noticeable grain and other distractions. Luckily, those criticisms do not apply here as non-PenTile is smoother and clearer. Panel Self Refresh technology helps save power when viewing static images. Both are neat to have, and display nerds will likely welcome them. The brightness is OK. HP claim 340 nits, which is enough for indoor use under bright lights. Users will struggle outdoors, though, with reflections and the lack of more power. Companies such as Samsung add "outdoor modes" with displays peaking at 500 nits for short periods. I had no issue with general use. The display also gets dim enough to be used comfortably in a dark bedroom without flooding the room with light and waking a spouse. HP's 4K display is one of the most natural, easy-on-the-eyes 4K panels I have used. Color accuracy, rated at 72% Adobe, is not the highest but it is more than fine for most professionals. The look of this screen is the opposite of AMOLED and other technologies that offer high contrast at the expense of looking fake. I sometimes find Dell's IGZO 4K overwhelming, but I did not have such a problem here. Inking is here HP Spectre x360 15 pen When HP released the Spectre x360 13 last year, many people asked about the missing Active-Pen support. There is no such confusion with the 15-inch version. The Spectre x360 15 comes with a very nice Active Pen. There is no slot in the laptop to carry the pen but HP threw in an excellent leather-ish sleeve to protect the laptop and hold the pen. To be clear, the Active Pen takes a battery (one AAAA cell), it does not rely on Bluetooth, and the display detects the pen when hovering and not only direct contact (like a passive stylus). There is no pairing required. You just put in the battery and begin writing on the display. The pen has two buttons, both of which are configurable using HP's pen app that runs in the taskbar. HP's pen feels a lot like Microsoft's Surface Pen. Both are metal-ish and while the Surface Pen is heavier at 22g, compared to the 17g for HP's pen, the balance and diameter are very similar. I applaud HP for that choice. It's a splendid pen, especially because it's included with the laptop. Although, I am scratching my head as to why HP's pen has a silver accent instead of a laptop-matching copper one. Microsoft Surface Pen (top) vs HP Active Pen (bottom) Being able to flip the Spectre x360 into tablet mode and use the pen, or just use it on the display to navigate, use Stick Notes or draw, is a great option to have. It works well. I'm not an artist, but I can't say it felt radically different from use on the Surface. HP also says the Spectre x360 15 will work with the forthcoming N-Trig Universal Pen, which should work on Wacom tablets and all Windows products that use a stylus. So you'll likely have even more options later this year when that device is released. A typing delight HP Spectre x360 15 keyboard The Spectre x360 15's keyboard is even better than the 13-inch version's keypad. You get the same 1.5mm of key travel, but because the keys are now ash silver you get much better contrast with the backlit chicklet keys. HP spent a lot of time on the so-called "force curves" of each key, or how the keys feel when you push them down, as well as on the return. Ideally, the keys bounce back at the same rate as your fingers leave them. If it's too fast the key pushes your finger, too slow and the key feels stuck. Whatever the company did, it worked. HP also ensured that each key feels the same, for consistency. The Spectre x360 15's keyboard is likely my favorite keyboard on any laptop. It's outstanding. There's no flex on the body when typing on a desk, and it is just a satisfying experience. I will, however, raise one possible issue: the Home key. HP put the Home-key row to the right of the keyboard, running down vertically. That means the Home key is to the right of the Backspace key. While I had no issues with this setup when typing, a few friends of mine hit the Home key instead of Backspace repeatedly. Lenovo did something similar years ago, and that did bother me because the Backspace key was also regular sized. HP's is double-wide, which is why it's not a problem for me. That and you must stretch your pinky to reach the Home key. If you're sensitive to such changes, however, it may take you some time to adjust. I type at a brisk 75 words per minute, and with a proper typing position, the key placement is just fine. Still not "Precision" but also not bad HP Spectre x360 15 trackpad HP opted for a very spacious layout for the trackpad, which is preferred especially once you enlarge the right-click area under Settings. It's a very smooth, satisfying trackpad with adequate clicking that won't annoy you each time you use it in a quiet room. The copper trim looks great, and it serves as an excellent peripheral guide when looking for the trackpad. My beef with the trackpad is the same Why-not-Precision? an argument I made with the 13-inch Spectre. HP uses Synaptics hardware, which is fantastic, but it also chose to enable Synaptics software for the trackpad configuration. While you can configure plenty of gestures, clicks, speed, scrolling and more, it's not quite as smooth as a Microsoft-tuned Precision version. To be clear, HP could use the same hardware but enable Precision software instead. (Synaptics can do both, and the choice is up to the manufacturer.) The result is some Windows 10 gestures, such as the three-finger swipe, often have delays or don't register at times. While I never experienced issues with Precision, I saw quirks with the Synaptics software. Nonetheless, despite my snobbery over Precision versus Synaptics, it is still a superb trackpad one. In the future, HP could let customers decide which setup to use, as it already does on some of its business lines. Dual power HP Spectre x360 15 audio Unlike the 13-inch Spectre, the 15-inch version only has two speakers instead of four. Those extra speakers allowed for high-quality audio when in tablet mode. The 15, however, opts for just two but they are discretely amped and larger than on the 13. They are also placed on the left and right sides of the keyboard and fire upwards. As usual, HP has had these speakers tuned by Bang & Olufsen, and they come with equalizer software for further configuration by the user, for specific modes such as music and movies. HP also include an audio switch app that lets you change quickly between internal and external speakers, headphones and microphones. One small bug is present, however. Occasionally, when scrolling with two-fingers on the trackpad I can hear a faint audible buzz coming from the speakers. For context, you would need to have your ear placed near the speaker to hear it or be in an exceptionally quiet room. To me, this falls into coil whine territory where some people are very sensitive to it while others are not. Overall, the speakers are nice, though I find them to be very "crispy." While they can get thunderous, I do wish there were some more bass and richness to the audio to make it perfect. Well hello, Windows Hello HP Spectre x360 15 camera The front-facing web camera is one of the better ones I have used on a laptop. It's full HD and wide-angle making it ideal for conference calls or just a Skype chat. HP kept the camera on the top bezel, giving it a standard-looking view. Like the 13-inch version, the 15-inch features two IR cameras that can be used with Windows Hello, which lets you log into Windows 10 using just your face. It's exceptionally fast and accurate though you may have to fine tune it for use in different lighting conditions. HP Spectre x360 benchmarks Performance-wise, the Spectre x360 15 holds its own. Since the dual-core i7-7500U is the same found in the 13-inch version, performance is nearly identical using Geekbench 4.0. Geekbench 4.0 benchmarks (Higher is better) Device Single Core Dual Core Surface Studio 4,200 13,323 Razer Blade 14 3,774 12,638 XPS 13 (9360) Core i7 4,120 7,829 Spectre x360 13" 4,100 7,469 Spectre x360 15" 4,098 8,022 Apple MBP 13 (2016) 4,027 7,802 Surface Book Core i7 3,948 7,415 For traditional computing, the Spectre x360 15 is on par with other Kaby Lake Ultrabooks on the market. Where things get more interesting is when we turn to more GPU-intensive tasks, such as CUDA scores. Geekbench 4.0 CUDA (Higher is better) Device Score Razer Blade 14 GTX 1060 139,603 Surface Book GTX 965M 63,029 Surface Studio GTX 965M 53,685 Spectre x360 15" 28,868 Compared to other devices with dedicated GPUs from NVIDIA, the Spectre's CUDA scores are low, but that is expected with the 940MX because it's an older, lighter chip. OpenCL gives a better comparison with similar Ultrabooks that lack dedicated GPUs. Geekbench 4.0 Graphics OpenCL (Higher is better) Category Score Surface Book GTX 965M 64,108 Apple MBP 13 (2016; Iris Pro) 31,022 HP Spectre x360 15 28,868 XPS 13 (9350) Iris 26,436 XPS 13 (9360) HD620 19,410 Surface Book HD520 18,197 Here you can see the benefit of the NVIDIA 940MX. Its performance is very like Intel's Skylake-era Iris Pro graphics. My hunch is HP would have used Iris or Iris Pro in the Spectre x360 15 too, but that variant from Intel for Kaby Lake is not yet on the open market. HP likely wanted to release this laptop sooner than later so it tossed in a comparable performing 940MX as a substitute. Looking at PCMark using Home Conventional 3.0, the Spectre x360 15 gets a score of 2,472 and is rated better than 41 percent of all results, slightly edging out the notebook average. That test is more about the CPU and overall performance than graphics. PCMark (Home Conventional 3.0) Device Score Comparison Surface Studio 980M 3,281 Better than 67 percent of all results Spectre x360 15 2,472 Better than 41 percent of all results Using 3DMark Cloud Gate, which is ideal for most consumer-level PCs and laptops, the Spectre gets a reasonable 8,185 making it "better than 28 percent of all results" in that category. Turning things up to the extreme is 3DMark Time Spy (DirectX 12), which is reserved for gaming rigs, desktop PCs, VR-enabled computers and anything considered high-end. As you'd expect, the 940MX does not do well here. 3DMark (Time Spy) Device Score Comparison Razer Blade Pro 1080 5,591 Better than 71 percent of all results Surface Studio 980M 2,862 Better than 16 percent of all results Surface Studio 965M 1,531 Better than 7 percent of all results Spectre x360 15 613 Better than 1 percent of all results For casual gaming, the Spectre x360 15 does just fine. I had no issue playing Pinball FX2 with high graphics for instance. More intense but still casual games such as Killer Instinct and ReCore, are also perfectly playable with high framerates and medium-to-high graphics, if you tune it down to 720p resolution. That may sound bad, but 720p upscaled on a beautiful 4K display still looks darn good. The bottom line is the NVIDIA 940MX is there to help with those 4K graphics when using Office, the web and any Windows apps. While it will help with gaming this laptop is not advertised as, nor should it be thought of as, a gaming laptop . Finally, the Spectre x360 15 sports a Toshiba THNSN5xxxGPUK NVMe SSD in 256GB and 512GB versions. It's not clear what HP will use for 1TB drives, as those have not shipped yet. As far as SSDs go, they are PCIe, which is good. But they are not the fastest on the market. CrystalDiskMark (Higher is better) Device Read Write Razer Blade Pro 2,571 MB/s 2,467 MB/s Razer Blade (960 EVO) 2,079 MB/s 1,809 MB/s MacBook Pro 13 (2016) 1,549 MB/s 1,621 MB/s Spectre x360 1,332 MB/s 589 MB/s Surface Studio 1,327 MB/s 512 MB/s XPS 13 (9360) 1,287 MB/s 794 MB/s HP Spectre x360 15 1,128 MB/s 862 MB/s Surface Book 1,018 MB/s 967 MB/s The drive seems to be user-replaceable, however, though it is a bit tricky to change. In usage, the SSD performed quite well, so it's probably best to not get fixated too much on the numbers. Just know there are much faster, albeit expensive, storage options available. More room, less noise HP Spectre x360 15 heat and fan noise The 15-inch Spectre x360 has two fans located on each side of the laptop for cooling. That means there are now two vent grills on the sides instead of one, as with the 13-inch version. Because of those two fans and more room to work with, the cooling is significantly better and quieter. Some people have observed that the fan on the 13-inch kicks in even when it's idle, that is not the case with the 15-inch version. Under heavy load the Spectre x360 15 never gets above 111℉ (44°C) Using an IR camera, temperatures under load from ten minutes of gaming peaked at 111℉ (44°C) directly out of the vents. The laptop itself only got warm near the top (above the keyboard), and there it never went above 100℉ (38°C). Under regular usage (web browser or watching videos), the laptop's hottest spot was around 81℉ (27°C). Overall, this is a well-cooled machine, and it is comfortable to use in most scenarios, even under heavy load. All day and quick charging HP Spectre x360 15 battery life HP put a large, 79WHr battery in the new Spectre x360 15 so that with a 4K panel it can still match the battery life of last year's Full-HD version. Using a closed-loop video test, HP pushed 12.75 hours of battery. Of course, a video loop test is not real world use, which is tougher to measure, especially if you're using the dedicated GPU. In my experience, the laptop lasted at least six hours but often pushed eight. That may not sound super impressive, but we are talking 16GB of RAM, Core i7 and a dedicated GPU, all driving a 15.6-inch 4K panel. I think that eight-hour mark is the sweet spot, and most people should be OK with that. HP includes a beefy 90W USB Type-C charger in the box. That's a bigger charger than the one that comes with the 13-inch, which is only 45W, resulting in quicker charges. The included fast-charge ability means you should get around a 50 percent charge in 30 minutes, or from 0 percent to 90 percent in about 90 minutes. Battery life can always be better, but I was content with what I got out of the 15-inch Spectre x360. USB-C and USB-A?! HP Spectre x360 15 ports HP includes two USB 3.1 Type-C Gen 2 ports on the right of the device. Both ports can handle "HP Sleep and Charge, " and one of them is Thunderbolt 3, with no compromises. There is also a full HDMI 2.0 port for video out if Thunderbolt 3 is not used. On the left side, there is a standard USB 3.1 Gen 1 (Type-A) for legacy users. HP also squeezed in a full SD card reader. That SD slot lets you squeeze in the entire card, too, instead of having to leave it out halfway, like some other laptops. There is also a power button, audio headphone jack and volume rocker for use in tablet mode on the sides. Overall, HP did a great job here giving everyone a little of everything. Is the HP Spectre x360 15 the perfect all-around laptop? While there are more powerful 15-inch laptops on the market, especially ones that feature quad-core processors and beefier GPUs, the HP Spectre x360 15 may be the best all-around laptop yet. I say that for a few reasons, including overall design, build quality, typing, display, battery and performance. Furthermore, while there are quad-core laptops none of them also double as tablets or offer an Active Pen in the box for notetaking. That's a huge advantage, and it puts the Spectre x360 15 in a class all its own. Perhaps the top reason why I love the Spectre x360 15 is the same reason I loved the 13-inch: value. The version tested here comes with 16GB of RAM, 512GB of Storage, Core i7, and a 4K touch display, with a pen, all for $1,499. As HP notes, that's nearly a grand less than a MacBook Pro (which is admittedly a different machine in many ways.) If you want lesser specs, HP will happily sell you a Core i7 version with 8GB of RAM and 256GB of storage with the same 4K display for $1,279. If you want the top-end (16GB, 1TB of storage), you'll fork over a still reasonable $1,699. Those are some crazy prices for a CNC machined aluminum chassis, 4K touch display, and a small-but-efficient GPU. I'm not sure what other devices out there can do all that the Spectre x360 15 can at this size and for that price. As I noted in my review of the 13-inch model, HP has created a very well balanced PC that has something for everyone. Sure, the trackpad and speakers could be a bit better, but these are minor complaints. The overall experience is excellent, and that's what matters. Toss in Fast Charge, Windows Hello IR camera, an Active Pen and the premium design, and I think it's fair to call the Spectre x360 15 a near-perfect, all-around laptop for students, creatives and professionals. Simply put, the HP Spectre x360 15 does the most, the best — at a great value. See at Best Buy See at HP.com Pros: High-quality CNC build. Best keyboard experience. Windows Hello with facial recognition. Excellent camera placement. Fantastic 4K IPS display. Good battery life with fast recharge. Cons: SSD could be better. Trackpad hardware is great, but the software isn't as good as Precision. Not a light machine at 4.42lbs (2kg). Only dual-core, strictly notebook class. Masterpiece 5/5 Wallpaper images used in this review are under license from Shutterstock and agsandrew. You can purchases images from his collection here. Like us! Share on Facebook Reader comments HP Spectre x360 15 review: The best gets bigger 67 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating limeyade Sucks for us here in the UK. Have eagerly been awaiting this and the price for the top end model is £1799! Thats the equivalent to roughly $2250! A price hike of $551 on the US price!  Is the RAM user replacable? I may go for the lower 8gb RAM 512GB SSD (Which is still £1499/$1874) and buy the RAM myself. 0 1 day ago Reply PedroTorresC I has a very bad experiencie con this machine: HP Spectre x360. Fail before a year. Neve wil be the same. From Chile. 0 2 days ago Reply PedroTorresC I has a very bad experiencie con this machine: HP Spectre x360. Fail before a year. Neve wil be the same. From Chile. 0 2 days ago Reply RifterAD Edit - Did you check the settings within the display settings and the nVidia software to see if you could output @60Hz?  It's listed as HDMI 2.0, which means it supports 4k at 60Hz... If you buy a USB-c to HDMI dongle, you will definitely be able to do it at 60Hz.  If it doesn't work, then it's something wrong with your monitor... 0 3 days ago Reply Joe Booth   I received my pre-order of the 1TB version on Friday - I still can't make my mind up whether to keep it. The GPU stuggles to keep the screen fluid in my experience, and can't output 4K at 60hz through HDMI. I wonder if the author could test it over USB C as I have to buy a new monitor anyway. If it can output 4K @ 60hz through usb3/thunderbold then I may consider keeping it. Otherwise I think I may return and get a surface book. The hinge design annoys me though, as you have to detach and retach to go between the 2 modes. No good if I have photoshop/illustrator open as it won't let the screen detach... 0 3 days ago Reply edit1754 Non-PenTile = Fantastic! For those unaware, PenTile, more specifically RG/BW Pentile, replaces the RGB in each pixel with either only RG or only BW. It is commonly regarded to be a deceptive marketing practice. HP's 2016 Spectre x360 15t used it, and so did all of HP's other consumer-class 15.6" models that claimed the 4K resolution. Be aware that HP's Envy 15, Pavilion 15, and Omen 15, 4K options/models, seem to not yet have moved on from this, but this is certainly a very important step in the right direction towards total honest display advertising in the market. The HP Spectre x360 15t 4K, and Dell Inspiron 7000 4K are two laptops that have moved away from pentile and towards the full-RGB matrix. (though there's a whole 'nother issue with the FHD panels in the new Inspiron) More info here: https://www.reddit.com/r/Dell/comments/5jiwcg/psa_the_4k_uhd_3840x2160_d... Demo of pentile in the 2016 Spectre here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEz-zkxRTjM Proof the new Spectre uses a full-RGB matrix: http://forum.notebookreview.com/threads/2017-hp-spectre-x360-15t-uses-tr... -1 3 days ago Reply ZSkeledzic Who cares if a 2kg 15" device is 2 n1? As a tablet it's useless, and advantage of 4x TB3 port is more theoretical than anything else. On the other hand, Dell XPS meets and exceeds all requirements of it's purpose, category and class, leaving almost nothing to add. 1 3 days ago Reply RifterAD There is a lot to be desired with their keyboard and the audio....and the price 0 3 days ago Reply itguy09 I've had it 2 weeks now (I think) and I've used it in the A frame position (it's awesome), the inverted position with keyboard down (makes an awesome machine in bed as the screen is infintitely adjustable, and as a tablet on my lap with the pen.  The junker Dell XPS 15 can't do that.  And this will outlast the Dell from a quality perspective.  0 3 days ago Reply RifterAD   Thanks and great review!  I'm glad to hear they put the better screen/keyboard/and speakers into this (over the last 15" model) and now they included the pen!  HP is really listening hard to is customers and I'm impressed!! It's interesting to see the choise of SSD.  Someone else posted their scores that were much better...but it was with a Samsung (also a 512GB model that he ordered direct from HP.com).  I hope BB gets the batch with the Samsung's!    Only thing I'd suggest is maybe compare this to the Surface Book (no performance base)...it probably has the closest performance comparison AND it's a 2in1 (with a different hinge).  The graphics cards are similar so people can see the many YouTube videos of people playing games with a similar spec'd machine. 0 3 days ago Reply itguy09 I've got a unit I ordered from hp.com at the end of January and I've got the Samsung SSD Drive - Model MZVLW512HMJP-000H1.  Seems that HP is sourcing multiple vendors for the SSD's. Either way it's a stellar machine and easily the best in it's class.  I've been a Mac user for a LONG time (and that's where my heart lies), Apple better take note of this machine.  It's what Apple should have released in October.   1 3 days ago Reply 1Danik Great review ! I'm definitively getting a spectre x360 soon ! As a graphic design student I'm a little bit torn appart between the 15inch model and the new pen-enabled 13inch version. I like the extra space of the 15inch but I keep thinking about portability too. Which one would you recommand to me ? love your reviews ! 0 3 days ago Reply Alpha_Albert1 Can you confirm that the thunderbolt 3 port is only using 2 PCIE 3.0 slots instead of 4 (meaining limited bandwidth to 16gbit/s?)  0 4 days ago Reply Daniel Rubino We in the media briefing last week were told it's a full-spec'd 40GB Thunderbolt 3 port. 1 4 days ago Reply RifterAD There have been some conflicting reports so far, but no one has stress tested it yet.  I was just reading this thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/Hewlett_Packard/comments/5qpwla/just_got_the_ne...​   In that thread, it looks like it "can" go up to the full 4 lanes based on one of the later HWinfo screenshot...but I'm not entirely sure either. It says that "Max link width" is 4x but is only "current link width" is at 2x (whereas the XPS 15 says shows a max and current link width of only 2x).    I wonder if it will do the full 4 lanes as long as you are not using any of the other ports??  That would be ideal since you can connect everything to the spectre using that single port via a TB3 dock (or the razer core!).  :) 0 3 days ago Reply Krystianpants Wouldn't 5/5 be something that has no cons? That's what perfection represents. The weight is a massive problem for something that people would want to hold like a tablet. 0 4 days ago Reply GraniteStateColin I suppose it's to save space and keep the computer thin, but is that really worth it to exclude a socket for the stylus? Especially this one -- unlike the Surface, the stylus is included. I guess this must not bother most people, since it seems the norm these days, but that would be one pet-peeve with this system based the review. Still seems like a great system overall. 0 4 days ago Reply Cody Patterson Yes it's worth it considering it's such a niche market that actually want a stylus. The average person buying a spectre does not. 0 4 days ago Reply itguy09 I think more people will want the stylus as they see what it can do, especially with a 2-in-1 and handwriting and drawing.  I had a Yoga 710 with touch only for 2 weeks and while it was another great machine touch was nowhere as good as the stylus is. 0 4 days ago Reply itguy09 While it's not in the computer there is a stylus loop in the included pleather sleee that comes with it.  Given the thickness of the laptop and the stylus I'm not sure where they would have put a storage area. 0 4 days ago Reply AndroidPurity I am glad I returned my 13 inch 2016 Spectre 13 x360. Even though I loved it... The battery drain of 12-15% per day when it was turned OFF was just too much. Getting this 15 inch Spectre x360 instead is a win win situation. Especially since this has discrete graphics, higher display resolution, ~20 nits brighter display, pen support, and micro SD slot. The 15 inch fixes/adds all the things I didn't like about the 13 inch. Even if the 15 inch turns out to have the battery drain when off too, then hopefully HP gets a solution for it soon. Even if it doesn't either way it will be worth that minor defect for all these features at this price. 0 4 days ago Reply eshy This is the laptop that will probably replace my Surface Pro 3. I was looking at an XPS 15 but you get more for your money with this one. It's strange that in the benchmarks you have it up against the Surface Studio, a desktop PC that costs $3K+. If I built a desktop PC for that much, with a 27" 4K screen, it will blow any laptop out of the water too. 0 4 days ago Reply AndroidPurity Same... I like the XPS15 but I just wish it had 2 in 1 support and also web cam on top screen. I'd get it instead if the XPS 15 had those. 0 4 days ago Reply Cody Patterson Great review man! I'll get the 2018 if they upgrade the graphics card to atleast the 965. ;) 0 4 days ago Reply AndroidPurity I doubt hardly anyone will be using 9 series nividia cards by then. Especially not on high end lap tops above $1,000+ probably would be a 1050. 0 4 days ago Reply Cody Patterson You'd be surprised. Hp just now got the 940 in these things, and have a 950 in their all in one that's supposed to be top of the line lol. They could have atleast put the 1050 in! I wouldn't expect much from them next year but I'd be happy if they blow me away lol. 0 4 days ago Reply jason8957 This is the one I have been saving up for. 0 4 days ago Reply ZSkeledzic Nice try, but Dell XPS is still king of this hill! :-) 0 4 days ago Reply ARR22 i7 7700HQ + GTX 1050 + NVME SSD =  I Agree! 0 4 days ago Reply AndroidPurity Yes, the XPS 15 has a Better processor and GPU, but this laptop isn't supposed to compare to it. This laptop is in a totally different class. It is a 2 in 1... The XPS 15 is not. But if you really want to compare Apples to Oranges, then this Spectre15 has a REAL 40gb/s thunderbolt 3 port unlike the fake 20gb/s thunderbolt on XPS 15. Actually the Spectre15 not only has a real thunderbolt 3 port, but actually has TWO real thunderbolt 3 ports. Meaning this Spectre15 can easily run Dual 4k displays at 60hz and can transfer files faster to external SSDs. :-) 0 4 days ago Reply Daniel Rubino All accurate points. It's knee jerk to compare the XPS 15 to this and I get it, but at the end of the day, very different machines with different goals. 0 4 days ago Reply Alpha_Albert1 I'm getting conflicting references on this issue. according to this link ( https://www.reddit.com/r/Hewlett_Packard/comments/5qpwla/just_got_the_ne...) the 15 inch model of the x360 has the same issue. Also according to HP's website, the 15 inch version only has 1 Thunderbolt 3, and one usb c 3.1  It's confusing, because the 13 inch model has 2 thunderbolt 3 (not limited and using 4 lane pcie) 1 4 days ago Reply Daniel Rubino I was told by HP that it's a full 40GB transfer lane for that TB3 port. 0 4 days ago Reply RifterAD In that thread, it looks like it "can" go up to the full 4 lanes based on one of the later HWinfo screenshot...but I'm not entirely sure either.  lol    It says that "Max link width" is 4x but is only "current link width" is at 2x (whereas the XPS 15 says shows a max and current link width of only 2x).    I wonder if it will do the full 4 lanes as long as you are not using any of the other ports??  That would be ideal since you can connect everything to the spectre using that single port via a TB3 dock (or the razer core!).  :) 0 3 days ago Reply ARR22 I totally understand the difference. I am a power user and need a quad core prossor with higher TDP to run graphic intensive software. I just wish someone would combine the two. Make a 2 in 1 with XPS 15 specs. A crossover of sorts. I'm sure its possible as the xps 15 is as thin as SOME not all 2 in 1's out there. I'm probably in the minority as most content creators could care less about a 360 flip screen.  And you're right about the xps thunder bolt ports.  0 3 days ago Reply ARR22 If this had a i7 7700HQ and a GTX 1050. I'd be all over it. Im comptelplating the Dell XPS 15 9560. But want to wait to see what else comes out with the 7700HQ.  0 4 days ago Reply Daniel Rubino Yeah, looks like HQ is 'laptop only' so far with dual-core for convertibles. You'll have to pick which side there. 0 4 days ago Reply ARR22 Yes I've noticed all the 2 in 1's have 7500U cpu's. I'm torn because I need the power but love the converitble form factor. I may have to buy both. lol I wonder if they would ever fit a quad core in a 2 in 1.  0 4 days ago Reply hellohogo Let's hope the surface book/pro line changes this... 0 4 days ago Reply itguy09 Had mine for a week and a half - they are out but sold out quickly on HP's website.  I think you can CTO them over there now. It is a great machine and the review is spot on.  Came from ovr a decade of Mac use and while I don't like Windows the hardware is superb!  Only issue is that the USB-C port or charger on mine seems to be a little loose -it drops connection sometimes while plugged in and used on my lap.  It may be the nature of the beast as the cable it comes with is THICK.  Other than that I love this machine. 1 4 days ago Reply Daniel Rubino Nice, glad to hear! 1 4 days ago Reply Great deal If I get the base, is it worth shoving a 2tb Evo Pro SSD and extra 8GB RAM in myself? easy to do?  And can I run 3 external 1080 HD displays with this or do I need something beefier, I dont need it for gaming. 0 4 days ago Reply Daniel Rubino I'll be trying an SSD upgrade later this week and will take a look at the RAM. 4 4 days ago Reply Great deal Great! please run an article :) 0 4 days ago Reply nileshdd Sweet laptop. Would you say this is a better option than a surface book 1) i5, 8gb, 256, dGPU - Currently at 1650 2) i7, 8gb, 256, dGPU - Currently at ~1900 on Amazon. Specs are clearly better on the HP but build quality, SSD speed and overall experience might be better on the surface book. Thoughts? 0 4 days ago Reply Daniel Rubino I posted SSD speeds of Surface Book here, they're def not better. To me, they're both very similar overall. 1 4 days ago Reply Wuttkea Just bought a surface book (i7) on offer for the same price of the x356 Spectre.  Hard call but I will return the Surface Book and will get the Spectre instead. In the end, it comes down to whether you want to use your laptop as a tablet or whether you prefer a larger screen for movies and multi-window-working. I am hesitant, but I am inclined towards the latter.  0 3 days ago Reply Daniel Andrade Does the 13 inch model supports the active pen? I know that its not included, but is it possible to buy the same pen and use it on the smaller model?   0 4 days ago Reply DrWMJ 2015 version of the 13 inch model does support an active stylus, but the 2016 model does not. 0 4 days ago Reply RifterAD Starting this weekend, the 13" will have the option of adding a pen for both the 1080 screen or the new 4k screen (which is in the Ash/copper color).  Best Buy just posted them today online. 0 3 days ago Reply Steve Adams sweet notebook....Very cool indeed! -1 4 days ago Reply FirstWatt Oh, wow, this one now has active pen support, which I applaud. Pity the 13 inch version doesn't have one. Pretty awkward decision by HP by the way. The smaller srcreen no, the larger yes. These companies sometimes are too big and there are too many cooks. 0 4 days ago Reply Daniel Rubino "Pity the 13 inch version doesn't have one." True, but they do have a 4K of the 13 inch one coming soon that will support pen too. 1 4 days ago Reply FirstWatt That's great to hear! 4k for 13 inch seems extreme, no? Hopefully the battery will last decently long. 0 4 days ago Reply AndroidPurity Really?! I didn't know that. Is there a date for that or at least a month release probability? 1 4 days ago Reply RifterAD The 13" has 2 screen options now...1080 and 4k (both with pen support now)! Best buy already has the 13" (with pen) on their site...they are saying they will be in stores on the 10th!  I hope the 15" will be there this weekend too  (I want to compare)!!   0 3 days ago Reply DrWMJ 3 cheers for the active digitizer! I do love my 2015 Spectre x360 13 in, and it has performed flawlessly for me for almost 2 years. I would not hesitate to get another Spectre when I need an upgrade. This iteration looks like it would be a good competitor with Surface Book and the Thinkpad X1 yoga, both of which cost substantially more but offer smaller/lighter configurations. It is good to have choice! 1 4 days ago Reply Pappale not for me, I dont like HP as a brand. Had many products from them (monitors, pc, laptop and even phone) and every single device died or had a problem within the warranty period. This laptop is nothing special. You can get the same quality, HW and "better" design from Asus or Dell -2 4 days ago Reply Daniel Rubino I disagree and I've used most of these laptops. I'm also not into the whole brand loyalty/disloyalty thing. I try each laptop, judge on its own merits. Going by brand names is superficial these days and a lazy substitute for doing research on a new purchase. 4 4 days ago Reply itguy09 Dell?  LOL Garbgae at best. -2 4 days ago Reply jason8957 I have had the same experience with Dell with my last 3 computers for home and work.  Every one of them had one or more manufacturing defects.  Had to just send one them back after a few months as I got tired of repairs.  The Dell computer I am typing this on had faulty hard drive right out of the box and the bluetooth went out. 1 4 days ago Reply Krystianpants Were you buying refurbished? Were you buying in a non-premium price range? Honestly, I had premium Dell with no issues. My brother has one of the earlier hp 2-in-1's and it's the only laptop that hasn't broken down on him. He mistreats his laptops like crazy and this one is still like knew after a year. That's a new record for him. -1 4 days ago Reply jason8957 My work laptops are always the higher end workstation laptops and they are always purchased brand new.  They usually sit on my desk, except when I travel a few times a year.  Maybe I have a bad string of luck with Dell right now.  Maybe they have over-cost-reduced in some areas as well.  I know several Dell people and as far as I can tell the company is run by accountants. 1 3 days ago Reply Atul Malhotra The Asus Ultrabook ? -2 4 days ago Reply eryker In terms of lineage, design language, product options and sheer durability, the IBM/Lenovo ThinkPad is still king of them all. -2 4 days ago Reply dan_tower I agree but this is very tempting. I'm waiting for the new Yoga X1 and it's getting hard to wait. If this had a sim card slot I think I'd pull the trigger. 0 4 days ago Reply Daniel Rubino Yeah, I'm excited about new X1 devices too. I want the Carbon in white. 1 4 days ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop Good Gear Guide > News > Flaw in Intel Atom chip could crash servers, netwo... Flaw in Intel Atom chip could crash servers, networking gear Intel is 'implementing and validating a minor silicon fix' to resolve the issue Agam Shah (IDG News Service) on 08 February, 2017 07:08 0 - - - - print email A flaw in an old Intel chip could crash servers and networking equipment, and the chipmaker is working to fix the issue. The issue is in the Atom C2000 chips, which started shipping in 2013. The problem was first reported by The Register. In January, Intel added an erratum to the Atom C2000 documentation, stating systems with the chip "may experience [an] inability to boot or may cease operation." The chip is the last among Intel's line of short-lived low-power Atom chips for servers. It was used in microservers but also networking equipment from companies like Cisco, which has issued an advisory about a product defect related to a component degrading clock signals over time. A clock signal degrade hurts the ability of the chip to carry out tasks. Intel is trying to fix the issue but declined to comment on when it'll deliver an update. "There's a board level workaround that we are sharing with customers now," an Intel spokesman said in an email. "Additionally, we are implementing and validating a minor silicon fix in a new product [update]." The usual server refresh cycle is three to five years, but networking and storage equipment -- which the C2000 is targeted toward -- is often used for five to 10 years. Companies using the chip should contact their field representative or system provider for updates. Intel continuously finds flaws in its chips, and it fixes them over time. But one that may crash a system is serious and could put data at risk. Intel also had an issue with its Skylake chip that could freeze PCs under certain conditions when executing complex workloads. The chipmaker has given up making Atom chips for servers, replacing them with the Xeon-D and Xeon-E3 chips. Intel is now dedicating Atom chips to drones, robots, gateways, smart devices, and internet of things products. Top 5 Windows 10 Products More from Microsoft Windows 10 Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags intel Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Agam Shah IDG News Service Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Essentials Microsoft L5V-00027 Sculpt Ergonomic Keyboard Desktop Learn more > Everki ContemPRO Roll Top Laptop Backpack Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive Learn more > Epson EcoTank Expression ET-2500 Learn more > UE Boom 2 Bluetooth speaker Learn more > Linksys AC5400 MU-MIMO Gigabit router Learn more > Smart LED Bulb LB130 Learn more > Samsung portable 1TB T3 drive Learn more > Mobile Surface Book Learn more > 3SIXT Ultra HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Belkin MIXIT Metallic Lightning to USB Cable Learn more > Acer Swift 7 Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S45 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Google Daydream VR headset Learn more > Logitech G403 Prodigy mouse Learn more > Lexar® Portable SSD  Learn more > Huawei Mate 9 Learn more > Exec Dell P2715Q Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1800x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards  Learn more > Garmin Fenix Chronos smartwatch Learn more > HP Pavilion x360 13” Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20c USB Type-C flash drive  Learn more > Audio-Technica ATH-ANC70 Noise Cancelling Headphones Learn more > Blade 28 backpack by Arc’teryx Learn more > Surface Pro 4 Learn more > Dell XPS 13 laptop Learn more > HD Pan/Tilt Wi-Fi Camera with Night Vision NC450 Learn more > Dell Inspiron 5000 series 2-in-1 Learn more > Budget Lifeproof Fre phone case Learn more > Oppo R9s Learn more > Jabra Sport Pace earbuds Learn more > Canon EOS 1300d Learn more > Smart Wi-Fi Plug HS110 Learn more > Boost Mobile SIM Learn more > Evapolar USB air conditioner review Learn more > Samsung 960 EVO M.2 hard drive Learn more > Back To Business Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Star Wars Death Star Bluetooth levitating rotating speaker review 2 ​Finally! LG OLED TV 2016 range review 3 ​Fetch TV Mighty review: Better than Foxtel 4 ​Fetch TV Mini review: Make your TV a smart TV 5 ​Panasonic Viera DX900U UHD 4K smart TV review Latest News Articles Valve finally replaces the faulty Steam Greenlight system with Steam Direct PCWorld's February Digital Edition: Intel's Kaby Lake CPU Hands-on: EVGA's sensor-laden iCX technology revolutionizes graphics card cooling How to join the Office Insider program on any platform How to enable WhatsApp's two-step verification Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Michael Hargreaves Dell XPS 13 I’d happily recommend this touchscreen laptop and Windows 10 as a great way to get serious work done at a desk or on the road. Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content The top 10 best and worst tech gadgets and products of 2016 ​Best phone of the year 2016 TV of the year award 2016 Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs CCADABAS Natural DeveloperNSW CCNetwork Security Engineer - Cisco ISEVIC CCReport AnalystQLD FT.Net DeveloperVIC FTFront-End DevOps Developer/Consultant - IT Services - SydneyNSW CCSenior Life 400 DeveloperNSW FTNational Manager of Security - We are looking for a strong Leader - Syd CBDNSW FTDynamics AX Functional Consultant (Sales & Marketing Modules)ACT FTSenior Front End DeveloperVIC CCPMO ManagerNSW CCProject Manager - TelcoVIC CCInfrastructure Business AnalystNSW TPInfrastructure Build EngineerQLD FTMicrosoft Dynamics AX Technical ArchitectQLD CCUser Experience Designer - Part time - Short contractACT TPService Desk ManagerVIC CCTest AnalystQLD CCSAP/ Nakisa Implementation ConsultantQLD CCBusiness AnalystNSW TPDrupal Developer - Immediate startQLD TPIT Sercurity EngineerVIC FTInside Sales ConsultantNSW TPProject Manager to manage two concurrent ProjectsQLD TPSenior IT Business AnalystNSW CCSenior Technical SpecialistNSW Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles Muru-D takes on 'more mature' start-ups with new funding model computerworld.com.au Privacy groups claim FBI hacking operation went too far cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au Banking and securities’ IT spend to hit $14.8B in Australia arnnet.com.au Best Super Bowl ads were humorous, finds facial tracking research cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Flaw in Intel Atom chip could crash servers, networking gear Flaw in Intel Atom chip could crash servers, networking gear Intel is 'implementing and validating a minor silicon fix' to resolve the issue Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 08 February, 2017 07:08 - - - - print email Comments A flaw in an old Intel chip could crash servers and networking equipment, and the chipmaker is working to fix the issue. The issue is in the Atom C2000 chips, which started shipping in 2013. The problem was first reported by The Register. In January, Intel added an erratum to the Atom C2000 documentation, stating systems with the chip "may experience [an] inability to boot or may cease operation." The chip is the last among Intel's line of short-lived low-power Atom chips for servers. It was used in microservers but also networking equipment from companies like Cisco, which has issued an advisory about a product defect related to a component degrading clock signals over time. A clock signal degrade hurts the ability of the chip to carry out tasks. Intel is trying to fix the issue but declined to comment on when it'll deliver an update. "There's a board level workaround that we are sharing with customers now," an Intel spokesman said in an email. "Additionally, we are implementing and validating a minor silicon fix in a new product [update]." The usual server refresh cycle is three to five years, but networking and storage equipment -- which the C2000 is targeted toward -- is often used for five to 10 years. Companies using the chip should contact their field representative or system provider for updates. Intel continuously finds flaws in its chips, and it fixes them over time. But one that may crash a system is serious and could put data at risk. Intel also had an issue with its Skylake chip that could freeze PCs under certain conditions when executing complex workloads. The chipmaker has given up making Atom chips for servers, replacing them with the Xeon-D and Xeon-E3 chips. Intel is now dedicating Atom chips to drones, robots, gateways, smart devices, and internet of things products. 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags intel More about CiscoIntel Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Three Ways to Get Started with Hadoop CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Four Reasons To Choose Flash Now EMC Isilon Scale-Out Data Lake Foundation Latest Jobs General Manager - Strategy VIC Digital Communications Manager NSW Group Director Information Services WA Big Data/Hadoop Developer ACT IT Project Coordinator VIC Oracle Forms PL/SQL Analyst Programmer QLD Project Manager - Telco VIC Service Desk Analyst - Level 1 VIC Service Designer (CX) NSW Technical Consultant - SQL Server programming skills ACT Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next HPE called out over service “failure” after ATO systems outage ​Australia Post expands online stores with Alibaba deal ​Six Challenges CISOs Will Face in 2017 CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Booted up in 1993, this server still runs -- but not for much longer Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). CSO Privacy groups claim FBI hacking operation went too far Microsoft unveils a bonanza of security capabilities Recent WordPress vulnerability used to deface 1.5 million pages How to enable WhatsApp's two-step verification Apple's iCloud saved deleted browser records, security company finds Computerworld Muru-D takes on 'more mature' start-ups with new funding model Stop talking shit about broadband speeds, ACCC tells ISPs NetComm Wireless reaps $28 million windfall from NBN FTTC Microsoft hasn't moved the Windows 10 needle in months 'Fileless malware' attacks, used at banks, have been around for years ARN Banking and securities’ IT spend to hit $14.8B in Australia ISPs put on alert over broadband speed claims NetComm’s NBN deal delivers $28m revenue injection ​Day of reckoning still to come despite Dell EMC partner program launch Avnet expands Lenovo partnership with global training deal Techworld Privacy groups claim FBI hacking operation went too far On land and in space, IoT networks can now cover the planet Ford to pump $1B into AI for driverless cars UPS to spend $18M to install 26,000 new solar panels Microsoft unveils a bonanza of security capabilities CMO Best Super Bowl ads were humorous, finds facial tracking research Volkswagen Group unites customer experience and employee engagement insights Report: Australian organisations lack processes and support to be innovative CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 9 February 2017 ​Data Republic partners with koji to boost FMCG data insights Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Jump to navigation Advertisement News for the Open Source Professional Login / Create Account Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn Feeds Brought to you by News Enterprise Desktop Mobile & Embedded Open Source Linux Kernel DevOps Networking Cloud Computing Tutorials Open Source Pro Learn What is Linux? Training Certification Events Webinars Community Participate Q&A Forums Blogs Resources Newsletter Distributions Publications Infographics Photos Videos Jobs Amber Ankerholz February 7, 2017 How to Manage the Security Vulnerabilities of Your Open Source Product security-software-vulnerabilities.jpg In his upcoming talk at ELC + OpenIoT Summit, Ryan Ware, Security Architect at Intel, will explain how you can navigate the flood of vulnerabilities and manage the security of your product. Creative Commons Zero Pixabay The security vulnerabilities that you need to consider when developing open source software can be overwhelming. Common Vulnerability Enumeration (CVE) IDs, zero-day, and other vulnerabilities are seemingly announced every day. With this flood of information, how can you stay up to date? “If you shipped a product that was built on top of Linux kernel 4.4.1, between the release of that kernel and now, there have been nine CVEs against that kernel version,” says Ryan Ware, Security Architect at Intel, in the Q&A below. “These all would affect your product despite the fact they were not known at the time you shipped.” ryan-ware_01.jpg Ryan Ware, Security Architect at Intel Used with permission In his upcoming presentation at ELC + OpenIoT Summit, Ryan Ware, Security Architect at Intel, will present strategies for how you can navigate these waters and successfully manage the security of your product. In this preview of his talk, Ware discusses the most common developer mistakes, strategies to stay on top of vulnerabilities, and more. Linux.com: Let's start from the beginning. Can you tell readers briefly about the Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE), 0-day, and other vulnerabilities? What are they, and why are they important? Ryan Ware: Excellent questions. Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) is a database maintained by the MITRE Corporation (a not-for-profit organization) at the behest of the United States government. It’s currently funded under the US Department of Homeland Security.  It was created in 1999 to house information about all publicly known security vulnerabilities. Each of these vulnerabilities has its own identifier (a CVE-ID) and can be referenced by that. This is how the term CVE, which really applies to the whole database, has morphed into meaning an individual security vulnerability: a CVE. Many of the vulnerabilities that end up in the CVE database started out life as 0-day vulnerabilities. These are vulnerabilities that for whatever reason haven’t followed a more ordered disclosure process such as Responsible Disclosure. The key is that they’ve become public and exploitable without the software vendor being able to respond with a remediation of some type -- usually a software patch. These and other unpatched software vulnerabilities are critically important because until they are patched, the vulnerability is exploitable. In many ways, the release of a CVE or a 0-Day is like a starting gun going off.  Until you reach the end of the race, your customers are vulnerable. Linux.com: How many are there? How do you determine which are pertinent to your product? Ryan: Before going into how many, everyone shipping software of any kind needs to keep something in mind. Even if you take all possible efforts to ensure that the software you ship doesn’t have known vulnerabilities in it, your software *does* have vulnerabilities. They are just not known. For example, if you shipped a product that was built on top of Linux kernel 4.4.1, between the release of that kernel and now, there have been nine CVEs against that kernel version. These all would affect your product despite the fact they were not known at the time you shipped. At this point in time, the CVE database contains 80,957 entries (January 30, 2017) and includes entries going all the way back to 1999 when there were 894 documented issues. The largest number in a year to date was 2014 when 7,946 issues were documented. That said, I believe that the decrease in numbers over the last two years isn’t due to there being fewer security vulnerabilities. This is something I’ll touch on in my talk. Linux.com: What are some strategies that developers can use to stay on top of all this information? Ryan: There are various ways a developer can float on top of the flood of vulnerability information. One of my favorite tools for doing so is CVE Details. They present the information from MITRE in a very digestible way. The best feature they have is the ability to create custom RSS feeds so you can follow vulnerabilities for the components you care about. Those with more complex tracking problems may want to start by downloading the MITRE CVE database (freely available) and pulling regular updates. Other excellent tools, such as cvechecker, allow you to check for known vulnerabilities in your software. For key portions of your software stack, I also recommend one amazingly effective tool: Get involved with the upstream community. These are the people who understand the software you are shipping best. There are no better experts in the world. Work with them. Linux.com: How can you know whether your product has all the vulnerabilities covered? Are there tools that you recommend? Ryan: Unfortunately, as I said above, you will never have all vulnerabilities removed from your product. Some of the tools I mentioned above are key. However, there is one piece of software I haven’t mentioned yet that is absolutely critical to any product you ship: a software update mechanism. If you do not have the ability to update the product software out in the field, you have no ability to address security concerns when your customers are affected.  You must be able to update, and the easier the update process, the better your customers will be protected. Linux.com: What else do developers need to know to successfully manage security vulnerabilities? Ryan: There is one mistake that I see over and over. Developers always need to keep in mind the idea of minimizing their attackable surface area. What does this mean? In practice, it means only including the things in your product that your product actually needs! This not only includes ensuring you do not incorporate extraneous software packages into your product, but that you also compile projects with configurations that turn off features you don’t need. How does this help? Imagine it’s 2014. You’ve just gone into work to see that the tech news is all Heartbleed all the time. You know you include OpenSSL in your product because you need to do some basic cryptographic functionality but you don’t use TLS heartbeat, the feature with the vulnerability in question. Would you rather: a. Spend the rest of your work working with customers and partners handholding them through a critical software update fixing a highly visible security issue? b. Be able to tell customers and partners simply that you compiled your products OpenSSL with the “–DOPENSSL_NO_HEARTBEATS” flag and they aren’t vulnerable, allowing you to focus on new features and other productive activities. The easiest vulnerability to address is the one you don’t include. Embedded Linux Conference + OpenIoT Summit North America will be held on February 21-23, 2017 in Portland, Oregon. Check out over 130 sessions on the Linux kernel, embedded development & systems, and the latest on the open Internet of Things. Linux.com readers can register now with the discount code, LINUXRD5, for 5% off the attendee registration price. Register now>> Log in or register to post comments Print This Like  (0 likes) Click Here! Advertisement Training See all LFD440 Linux Kernel Debugging and Security February 20, 2017 Learn more LFS311 Advanced Linux System Administration and Networking February 20, 2017 Learn more LFD460 Embedded Linux Development with Yocto Project February 27, 2017 Learn more Newsletter Related Jobs SME Sales Representative Network Design Engineer Hyrbis Solutions Architect Infrastructure Engineer See all Jobs Jobs provided in partnership with Dice.com News Enterprise Desktop Mobile & Embedded Open Source Linux Kernel DevOps Networking Cloud Computing Tutorials Open Source Pro Learn What is Linux? Training Certification Events Webinars Community Participate Q&A Forums Blogs Resources Newsletter Distributions Publications Infographics Photos Videos Jobs About Linux.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Editorial Policy Contact The Linux Foundation is a non-profit consortium enabling collaboration and innovation through an open source development model. Learn More © 2016 The Linux Foundation
