Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News New Research on Internet of Thing (IoT) Market 2017 by IoT Endpoints, Web Services, Agriculture IoT, Industrial IoT, Healthcare IoT, IoT Security and More Pune, Maharashtra — (SBWIRE) — 04/04/2017 — Worldwide Internet of Things (IoT) Markets are poised to achieve significant growth with the use of sensors, cameras, and platforms that are used to help implement precision digital control and send alerts for all manner or management of devices and machinery. The worldwide market for Internet of Things (IoT) is $16.3 billion in 2016 anticipated to reach $185.9 billion by 2023. Browse 240 tables and figures, more than 50 Companies and spread across 678 pages available here: http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/944711-internet-of-things-iot-market-shares-strategies-and-forecasts-worldwide-2017-to-2023.html The Internet of Things (IoT) is the next Industrial Revolution. It will impact the way all businesses, governments, and consumers interact with the physical world. 1 Gbps and 10 Gbps speed has been used in data centers for years. The jump to 40 Gbps and 100 Gbps has come rapidly as a result of the need to increase the quantity of data managed inside the data center with more analytics and more applications. Many of the Cloud 2.0 mega data centers have moved to 100 Gbps, presaging the move to 400 Gbps. One reason for the increase in speed is the growth of data consumption, attributed to smartphones, social media, video streaming, Internet of Things (IoT), and big data. Big pipes are used to cope with the huge quantities of data that are being transferred. Following mentioned top companies are profiled in this Report: IBM, Amazon, Google, GE, Intel, Verizon, Microsoft, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Cisco, Samsung, Huawei, AT&T, SAP, Siemens, Softbank / Arm / Sprint, Apple, PTC, Bosch. Get Sample Copy at http://www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/requestsample.aspx?name=944711 Following Selected Market Profiles are mentioned in this report: Aerialtronics, Adobe, Amazon, Apple, AutoDesk, AutoDesk CAD-in-the-Cloud, Bosch, Cisco Systems, Digi Inter, national, Cybus, Enevo Oy Technologies, Essence, General Electric GE, GE Wireless Sensor Networks, Google, Google / Nest Learning, Thermostat, Google Chromecast, Health Slam -IoT Slam, Huawei, Huawei Partners with China, Telecom, Shenzhen Gas On Smart, Utility, IBM Corporation, Infineon Technologies AG, Infineon Chip Card & Security, Intel Corporation, Intel Acquires Mobileye, Internet of Things Community, KT, Microsoft, Microsoft, Microsoft / Mojang AB Minecraft, Microsoft / Skype / GroupMe, Free Group Messaging, MuleSoft, Nokia, oneM2M, Panoramic Power, Oracle, PTC and More. Following Key topics are Covered in this Report: Internet of Things (IoT), IoT Endpoints, Universal IoT Platform, IoT Suite, Web Services, Blockchain Networks, Wireless Sensor Networks, Security and Energy Management, Healthcare, Transportation, Self-Driving Cars, Agriculture IoT, Weather IoT, Financial IoT, Industrial IoT, Manufacturing IoT, Security IoT, Energy Management Internet of Things, IoT Security, Healthcare IoT, Wearable Technology, Self-Driving Cars, Connected Cars, Rail Transportation IoT, Sensor and Computing Configurations, Agricultural and Weather IoT, IoT chipsets. Get Copy of this Report at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=944711 Table of Contents 1. Internet of Things (IoT): Market Description and Market Dynamics 41 2. Internet of Things (IoT) Market Shares and Forecasts 60 3. Internet of Things IoT Product Description 174 4. Internet of Things (IoT) Research and Technology 382 5. Internet of Things (IoT) Company Profiles 408 List of Tables and Figures Figure 1. Internet of Things (IoT) Market Driving Forces 32 Figure 2. Key Areas Of The IoT Market 33 Figure 3. IoT Technology Market Driving Forces 34 Figure 4. IoT Technology Market Challenges 35 Figure 5. Internet of Things (IoT) Market Shares, Dollars, 2016 38 Figure 6. Internet of Things (IoT) Market Forecast, Dollars, Worldwide, 2017-2024 40 Figure 7. IoT Sensor Types 41 Figure 8. SAP Digital Machine-To-Machine (M2M) Technology 43 Figure 9. Cardiac Signal Segment 44 Figure 10. Internet of Things: API Use Case Focus 48 Figure 11. IoT Ecosystem Collaborations 49 Figure 12. IoT Platform Use Case Requirements 52 Figure 13. Changing IoT Landscape Requires Platform Versatility 54 Figure 14. IoT Community issues. 56 Figure 15. IoT Use Cases: 57 Figure 16. STMicroelectronics Internet of Things (IoT) Portfolio Of Building Blocks 57 Figure 17. STMicroelectronics Internet of Things (IoT) Wearables and Smart Home Applications 58 Figure 18. STMicroelectronics Internet of Things (IoT) Portfolio Of Applications 59 Figure 19. Internet of Things (IoT) Market Driving Forces 61 Figure 20. Key Areas Of The IoT Market 62 And More.. About ReportsnReports.com ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious World Health Day 7 April Next PostNext JBS S.A. (JBSAY: OTCQX International Premier) | INVESTOR ALERT: Brower Piven Encourages Shareholders Who Have Losses In Excess Of $100,000 From Investment In JBS S.A. To Contact Brower Piven Before The Lead Plaintiff Deadline In Class Action Lawsuit Search Recent Posts CHC Announces New Contract with Faroe Petroleum JBS S.A. (JBSAY: OTCQX International Premier) | INVESTOR ALERT: Brower Piven Encourages Shareholders Who Have Losses In Excess Of $100,000 From Investment In JBS S.A. To Contact Brower Piven Before The Lead Plaintiff Deadline In Class Action Lawsuit New Research on Internet of Thing (IoT) Market 2017 by IoT Endpoints, Web Services, Agriculture IoT, Industrial IoT, Healthcare IoT, IoT Security and More World Health Day 7 April The Number One Way To Get Google’s Attention Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / New Research on Internet of Thing (IoT) Market 2017 by IoT Endpoints, Web Services, Agriculture IoT, Industrial IoT, Healthcare IoT, IoT Security and More New Research on Internet of Thing (IoT) Market 2017 by IoT Endpoints, Web Services, Agriculture IoT, Industrial IoT, Healthcare IoT, IoT Security and More Posted on April 5, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. The Internet of Things (IoT) Market grows at USD 185.9 billion by 2023. The worldwide Internet of Things (IoT) Market report details the Market Description, Dynamics with market share for more than 50 companies. Pune, Maharashtra — (SBWIRE) — 04/04/2017 — Worldwide Internet of Things (IoT) Markets are poised to achieve significant growth with the use of sensors, cameras, and platforms that are used to help implement precision digital control and send alerts for all manner or management of devices and machinery. The worldwide market for Internet of Things (IoT) is $16.3 billion in 2016 anticipated to reach $185.9 billion by 2023. Browse 240 tables and figures, more than 50 Companies and spread across 678 pages available here: http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/944711-internet-of-things-iot-market-shares-strategies-and-forecasts-worldwide-2017-to-2023.html The Internet of Things (IoT) is the next Industrial Revolution. It will impact the way all businesses, governments, and consumers interact with the physical world. 1 Gbps and 10 Gbps speed has been used in data centers for years. The jump to 40 Gbps and 100 Gbps has come rapidly as a result of the need to increase the quantity of data managed inside the data center with more analytics and more applications. Many of the Cloud 2.0 mega data centers have moved to 100 Gbps, presaging the move to 400 Gbps. One reason for the increase in speed is the growth of data consumption, attributed to smartphones, social media, video streaming, Internet of Things (IoT), and big data. Big pipes are used to cope with the huge quantities of data that are being transferred. Following mentioned top companies are profiled in this Report: IBM, Amazon, Google, GE, Intel, Verizon, Microsoft, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Cisco, Samsung, Huawei, AT&T, SAP, Siemens, Softbank / Arm / Sprint, Apple, PTC, Bosch. Get Sample Copy at http://www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/requestsample.aspx?name=944711 Following Selected Market Profiles are mentioned in this report: Aerialtronics, Adobe, Amazon, Apple, AutoDesk, AutoDesk CAD-in-the-Cloud, Bosch, Cisco Systems, Digi Inter, national, Cybus, Enevo Oy Technologies, Essence, General Electric GE, GE Wireless Sensor Networks, Google, Google / Nest Learning, Thermostat, Google Chromecast, Health Slam -IoT Slam, Huawei, Huawei Partners with China, Telecom, Shenzhen Gas On Smart, Utility, IBM Corporation, Infineon Technologies AG, Infineon Chip Card & Security, Intel Corporation, Intel Acquires Mobileye, Internet of Things Community, KT, Microsoft, Microsoft, Microsoft / Mojang AB Minecraft, Microsoft / Skype / GroupMe, Free Group Messaging, MuleSoft, Nokia, oneM2M, Panoramic Power, Oracle, PTC and More. Following Key topics are Covered in this Report: Internet of Things (IoT), IoT Endpoints, Universal IoT Platform, IoT Suite, Web Services, Blockchain Networks, Wireless Sensor Networks, Security and Energy Management, Healthcare, Transportation, Self-Driving Cars, Agriculture IoT, Weather IoT, Financial IoT, Industrial IoT, Manufacturing IoT, Security IoT, Energy Management Internet of Things, IoT Security, Healthcare IoT, Wearable Technology, Self-Driving Cars, Connected Cars, Rail Transportation IoT, Sensor and Computing Configurations, Agricultural and Weather IoT, IoT chipsets. Get Copy of this Report at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=944711 Table of Contents 1. Internet of Things (IoT): Market Description and Market Dynamics 41 2. Internet of Things (IoT) Market Shares and Forecasts 60 3. Internet of Things IoT Product Description 174 4. Internet of Things (IoT) Research and Technology 382 5. Internet of Things (IoT) Company Profiles 408 List of Tables and Figures Figure 1. Internet of Things (IoT) Market Driving Forces 32 Figure 2. Key Areas Of The IoT Market 33 Figure 3. IoT Technology Market Driving Forces 34 Figure 4. IoT Technology Market Challenges 35 Figure 5. Internet of Things (IoT) Market Shares, Dollars, 2016 38 Figure 6. Internet of Things (IoT) Market Forecast, Dollars, Worldwide, 2017-2024 40 Figure 7. IoT Sensor Types 41 Figure 8. SAP Digital Machine-To-Machine (M2M) Technology 43 Figure 9. Cardiac Signal Segment 44 Figure 10. Internet of Things: API Use Case Focus 48 Figure 11. IoT Ecosystem Collaborations 49 Figure 12. IoT Platform Use Case Requirements 52 Figure 13. Changing IoT Landscape Requires Platform Versatility 54 Figure 14. IoT Community issues. 56 Figure 15. IoT Use Cases: 57 Figure 16. STMicroelectronics Internet of Things (IoT) Portfolio Of Building Blocks 57 Figure 17. STMicroelectronics Internet of Things (IoT) Wearables and Smart Home Applications 58 Figure 18. STMicroelectronics Internet of Things (IoT) Portfolio Of Applications 59 Figure 19. Internet of Things (IoT) Market Driving Forces 61 Figure 20. Key Areas Of The IoT Market 62 And More.. About ReportsnReports.com ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/new-research-on-internet-of-thing-iot-market-2017-by-iot-endpoints-web-services-agriculture-iot-industrial-iot-healthcare-iot-iot-security-and-more-790548.htm Media Relations Contact Jignesh Thakkar Telephone: 888-391-5441 Email: Click to Email Jignesh Thakkar Web: http://www.reportsnreports.com/ Latest News New Research on Internet of Thing (IoT) Market 2017 by IoT Endpoints, Web Services, Agriculture IoT, Industrial IoT, Healthcare IoT, IoT Security and More Antifungal Drugs Market to Record an Exponential CAGR by 2024 Ventricular Assist Devices Market to Rear Excessive Growth During 2016 to 2024 Leadless Pacing System Market to Partake Significant Development During 2016 to 2024 Periodic Fever Syndrome Market to Incur Rapid Extension During 2016 to 2024 Automotive Lightweight Materials Market by Material, Application, Component, Vehicle Type – Global Forecast to 2021 Irrigated Ablation Catheter Market to Register Steady Growth During 2024 Mega Data Center Market Automation, Revenue, Shares and Forecasts 2017 to 2023 Omni-Channel Retail Market Forecasts Research Report 2017-2021 Now Available at MarketReportsOnline Global Sodium Chlorate Market- Kemira, ERCO, CANEXUS, Tronox, Chemtrade, Arkema © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Software  »  Security  »  News McAfee breaks away from Intel Security with new mission statement by Roi Perez  |  Wednesday 5 April 2017  | Comment Now McAfee is promoting a unified approach to security, with its CEO Chris Young encouraging the idea that "we're all better working together". Intel Security has sold its majority stake in McAfee, which will now resume operations under its original name. The re-launch of McAfee marks the closing of the previously announced investment by TPG and Intel Corporation (INTC) to establish a pure-play cyber-security company. Additionally, McAfee announced that leading private equity investment firm Thoma Bravo has joined as a minority investor in the company through an agreement with TPG. As previously announced, Intel is retaining a 49 percent equity stake in the new entity. Raj Samani, the newly appointed chief scientist of McAfee spoke with us about the company's renewed vision and purpose coming from the newly appointed CEO, Chris Young. Promoting a unified approach to security, Young wishes to encourage the idea that “together is power”, according to Samani. McAfee is still wanting to “disrupt”, and is said to be looking to the future, wanting to secure connected cars and ensure the Internet of Things doesn't bring everything crashing down. “Cyber-security is the greatest challenge of the connected age, weighing heavily on the minds of parents, executives and world leaders alike,” said Christopher Young, CEO of McAfee. “As a standalone company with a clear purpose, McAfee gains the agility to unite people, technology and organisations against our common adversaries and ensure our technology-driven future is safe.” Like many security vendors, McAfee says it wishes to become the “number one security partner”. Samani confirmed despite his title, though he doesn't work wearing a white lab coat, and is now in charge of technical planning and strategy for the company. “Just don't call me Heisenberg,” joked Samani. Samani, an active participant of the information security community, confirmed he will continue his work on No More Ransom, a non-profit initiative he started with the Dutch Police, Europol and Kaspersky, working to help decrypt and recover the files of victims which suffer a ransomware infection. The initiative has helped save US$ 3 million from being paid to criminals, and the project is still going strong. “There's a healthy pipeline of announcements coming in the second quarter of 2017 on that side of things,” Samani said. We questioned Samani on the decision to keep the McAfee brand, which is often associated with John McAfee, the original founder of the company who sold it over 20 years ago, who has since made some dubious comments about security. Samani said despite this, the brand still carries recognition within the security industry saying, “people still know us as that brand”. Amusingly, the McAfee name will also live on through the silver screen, as Johnny Depp is expected to play John McAfee in ‘King of the Jungle', which portrays the rise and fall of the McAfee empire. This article originally appeared at scmagazineuk.com Related Articles Robotics industry 'must quickly mature its cyber-security practices' The Great Gigabit Question is really, like everything, the great CVC question. IoT experts join forces to secure the Internet of Things and share best practise Trump postpones signing of executive order on cyber-security ANU to host Australia's first cyber-security simulation game Source: Copyright © SC Magazine, UK edition See more about:  cybersecurity  |  intel corporation  |  mcafee  |  tpg   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   More in Security (1 of 10 articles) NEWS McAfee breaks away from Intel Security with new mission statement << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (2 of 10 articles) NEWS 6 reasons you need to change your password right now << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (3 of 10 articles) NEWS IObit Malware Fighter 5 adds anti-ransomware engine, webcam protection << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (4 of 10 articles) NEWS OpenSSL change to Apache Licence v2.0 sparks concerns over author rights << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (5 of 10 articles) NEWS LastPass bug could allow hackers to steal passwords and execute code << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Star Trek-themed Captain 'Kirk' ransomware with Spock decryptor spotted << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Intel Security responds to EFI rootkit malware, updates detection tool << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (8 of 10 articles) NEWS RanRan ransomware blackmails victims into political dissent << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Mac antivirus software from ESET has RCE vulnerability - patch now! << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (10 of 10 articles) NEWS The best antivirus for Android phones << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest Competitions   Win!!! A Galax GTX 1070 EXOC SNPR White video card! Get some gaming PC power for your next PC upgrade!   Latest in Security News McAfee breaks away from Intel Security with new mission statement Review Review: Bitdefender Internet Security 2017 Feature The five best free malware removal tools Group Test Group Test: Switch your antivirus Gallery Photos: AusCERT 2012 day one A-list Product Kaspersky Total Security From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? What's new in Windows 10's Creators Update Tip: Your shop can use a smartphone instead of an EFTPOS terminal How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Oracle could be considering acquisition of Accenture: report Who partied at CRN Pipeline Melbourne? CSC and HPE Enterprise Services new company launch date revealed Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia iiNet confirms closure of Melbourne office, follows Sydney as ISP streamlines in NBN era The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 It's over: Banks lose Apple Pay fight PwC Australia's move to 'cloud-only' IT The 4013 urban premises to receive NBN satellite Reboot your firewalls, or they'll stop working: Cisco 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege Interview: Stardock's Brad Wardell on the return of Star Control The rise and fall of Warhammer games Six and out: Don Bradman Cricket 17 steps on its own wicket About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Technology Intel bets on India to boost artificial intelligence usage Intel bets on India to boost artificial intelligence usage Global chip maker Intel on Tuesday announced a string of initiatives to boost the usage of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in diverse sectors by collaborating with partners and customers across the country. By: IANS | Bengaluru | Published: April 5, 2017 5:33 AM By 2020, the industry expects more servers to process data analytics than other workloads and analytics predictors will be built into every application. (Reuters) Global chip maker Intel on Tuesday announced a string of initiatives to boost the usage of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in diverse sectors by collaborating with partners and customers across the country. “Our developer education programme will educate 15,000 scientists, developers, analysts and engineers on AI technologies, including Deep Learning and Machine Learning in India,” said Intel South Asia Managing Director Praksh Mallya here. AI is a software programme that makes computers and machines think intelligently and faster with more predictability than a human mind. AI is also the main workload in data centres which operate in line with the Moore’s Law of computing power doubling every year. By 2020, the industry expects more servers to process data analytics than other workloads and analytics predictors will be built into every application. Intel powers 97 per cent of data centre servers running AI workloads and offers flexible performance-optimised portfolio of solutions. Through 60 programmes in a year, the initiatives will empower the community with the know-how for AI adoption with ready-to-deploy platforms and tools for solution development. “As India undergoes digital transformation, the data centre and the intelligence behind the data collected will enable the government and industry to make quick decisions based on algorithms,” said Mallya on the margins of Intel’s ‘AI Day 2017’. Also Watch: The company’s Indian subsidiary is collaborating with Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Wipro, Julia Computing and Calligo Technologies for using AI in the country. “Our collaboration with the industry and the academia will help democratise AI, by reducing entry barriers for developers, data scientists and students,” noted Mallya. The subsidiary is targeting the BFSI (Banks, Financial Services and Insurance), telecom, and e-commerce sectors, across High Performance Computing (HPC), big data and Internet of Things, which are complementary to AI,” added Mallya. The onset of AI-based technology in India is evident in e-commerce and research, where entities using data analytics are looking to explore AI. “Our research groups are working on implementation of evolutionary algorithms in parallel environments and using Intel platforms and software tools to deploy, parallelise and optimise systems,” said IIT-Patna Director Pushpak Bhattacharya. With its unified approach, Intel leads the AI computing era through hardware and software designed for building AI applications across industries. Intel’s collaboration with companies like Google and is acquisitions, including Saffron, Movidius, Nervana Systems and Mobileye, further its AI capabilities, giving it an edge at a time when embedded computer vision is becoming increasingly important the world over. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now More talks but no decisions on Republican push to overhaul healthcare South Korea's KEPCO cautious as Britain hunts partner for crucial nuclear project: Sources GST bill to be tabled in Rajya Sabha today Syria attack: Britain, France, US present UN draft resolution Ayodhya: Stampede during Ram Navmi event kills 1, injures at least 2 UN chief Antonio Guterres 'deeply disturbed' by Syria chemical attack reports Court: Civil Rights law prohibits discrimination of LGBT AAP alleges laxity by Goa govt in dealing with liquor ban Donald Trump-Xi Jinping meet to chart way forward for US-China ties: White House Yogi Adityanath unveils big education revamp, makes Yoga education mandatory in govt schools; teachers banned from taking private tuitions Jadavpur University can't be held responsible for slogan by fringe elements: VC Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News नरेंद्र मोदी कैबिनेट में फेरबदल की चर्चा: यूपी का सीएम बनने से चूक गए मनोज सिन्‍हा का हो सकता है प्रमोशन, सुषमा स्‍वराज की जगह ले सकती हैं वसुंधरा राजे राज्यसभा में हंगामा, लगे ईवीएम की यह सरकार नहीं चलेगी के नारे, 11.30 बजे तक कार्यवाही स्थगित लालू के बेटों ने हलफ़नामे में गलत और अधूरी जानकारी देकर लड़ा था चुनाव, छिपाई जमीन और कंपनी की बात Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Barefoot partners with AT&T and SnapRoute to deploy revolutionary forwarding plane programmability into high-speed networks /EINPresswire.com/ — PALO ALTO, CA–(Marketwired – Apr 4, 2017) – At the Open Networking Summit (ONS) April 3-6, Barefoot Networks will showcase the most detailed visibility into networks ever seen. The demonstrations will run on Barefoot’s 6.5Tb/s Tofino™ switch, the world’s fastest and P4™ programmable switch chip that has been sampling to customers since Q4 2016. Barefoot will demonstrate how Tofino can be deployed in networks to enable fine-grained visibility to detect and fix performance issues caused by a host of problems including path and latency variations as well as „microbursts” at port speeds up to 100Gb/s. AT&T has partnered with Barefoot and SnapRoute to enable this deep and far-reaching visibility into its production network using Tofino and In-band Network Telemetry (INT). In an example of the speed and efficiency enabled by Tofino and P4, AT&T’s idea of gaining this packet-by-packet and real-time visibility went from whiteboard to production deployment in a matter of weeks. Barefoot has also collaborated with Intel to create a new reference platform using the 6.5Tb/s Tofino based Wedge 100B switches and Intel® Silicon Photonics CWDM4 and PSM4 100G optical modules. The reference platform, available today, is a validated solution for reliable and efficient transport of multiple terabits of traffic, allowing data center operators to easily upgrade to more than double the bandwidth of their existing networking equipment.1 Real-time Path and Latency Visualization: ONS attendees will get a chance to see first-hand the trailblazing visibility enabled by Tofino and INT in AT&T’s network. This demo mimics the live trial performed by AT&T sending customer traffic between Washington, D.C. and San Francisco in their production network on March 28. This trial used Tofino-based 6.5 Tb/s Wedge 100B switches running SnapRoute’s FlexSwitch software enabling INT for MPLS Tunneled packets giving it fine-grain, instantaneous visibility into packets’ path and latency. „SnapRoute is delighted to partner with Barefoot Networks in bringing revolutionary visibility into AT&T’s production network,” said Jason Forrester, CEO and Founder at SnapRoute. „Our modular and extensible FlexSwitch software together with Barefoot’s P4 programmable Tofino silicon are unleashing functionality that was never before possible in the forwarding plane, giving full control of the networking stack to the network owners.” Another problem that is a bane to the network operators is „microbursts.” It is extremely hard to detect microbursts in real-time; these are brief but disastrous spikes in traffic causing packet drops or jitter. Microbursts only get harder to spot as networks scale to carry more traffic at port speeds of 100Gb/s, and as more traffic moves to the public cloud, including service-providers deploying NFV in data centers. With Tofino and INT, you can not only see these microbursts in real-time, but also identify the offending traffic flow or application. With the culprit identified, corrective action can be taken depending on the signature of the failure — whether it is application misbehavior or human configuration error. Real-time 100Gb/s Microburst Detection and Correction: In this demonstration, Barefoot will visualize real-time per-packet queue occupancy levels using INT on the new Barefoot-Intel reference platform with two fully-populated Wedge 100B switches. The advanced telemetry is achieved while also running the typical forwarding features found in a data center top-of-rack switch to nanosecond precision. This allows for real-time detection of microbursts, giving the necessary information for network owners to identify the offending application and take corrective action. „Barefoot is leading the way into the future of networking by delivering programmability and performance without compromise to the users of its trailblazing technology,” said Craig Barratt, CEO of Barefoot Networks. „Barefoot’s Tofino programmable switch delivers precise and real-time network telemetry information needed to detect and correct problems in the fastest networks, right down to the nanosecond.” „The exponential increase in data center traffic is driving the need for high-speed, power-efficient and reliable connectivity solutions,” said Alexis Bjorlin, VP Data Center Group & GM Connectivity Group at Intel. „Barefoot’s fully programmable 6.5 Tb/s Tofino-based Wedge 100B switch, together with our high-volume 100G silicon photonics optical modules, gives network operators and cloud service providers the ability to upgrade their existing equipment and benefit from the high bandwidth and advanced telemetry provided by this solution.” Announced in June 2016, Barefoot Networks’ Tofino Ethernet switch ASICs and Capilano SDE remove the last barrier to full network programmability by opening the forwarding plane, enabling full and granular control of the networking stack down to the packets flowing on the wire. Its first Tofino chips were delivered to customers in Q4 2016 and the company continues to add industry leaders to its growing network of partners. Meet Barefoot at ONS 2017 In its sixth year, ONS brings together enterprises, carriers and cloud service providers to share best practices, highlight innovation and discuss the future of open networking. To connect with Barefoot Networks at ONS 2017, find them at booth #124 or arrange a meeting by contacting info@barefootnetworks.com. 1Performance disclaimer: 2x bandwidth claim is based on maximum theoretical throughput of 6.5Tb/s vs. current generation 3.2Tb/s Ethernet switches. About Barefoot Networks Barefoot Networks launched in 2016 after two years of developing the most programmable and — at 6.5Terabits/second — the fastest switches ever built; twice as fast as the previous on record. By enabling organizations to define the network forwarding plane in software, Barefoot empowers network owners and their infrastructure partners to design, optimize, and innovate to meet their specific requirements and gain competitive advantage. In combining the P4 programming language with fast programmable switches, Barefoot has also created an ecosystem for compilers, tools, and P4 programs to make P4 accessible to anybody. Barefoot’s founders — Pat Bosshart, Martin Izzard, Dan Lenoski, Nick McKeown — bring the company more than 100 years of experience in building the fastest and biggest networking systems in the world. Backed by Google Inc., Goldman Sachs Principal Strategic Investments, Alibaba, Tencent and by premier venture capital firms Sequoia Capital, Lightspeed Venture Partners, and Andreessen Horowitz, Barefoot Networks is headquartered in Silicon Valley. For more information, visit http://www.barefootnetworks.com. Follow us on Twitter: @barefootnetwork. Follow us on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/barefootnetworks Barefoot Networks, the Foot Logo and Tofino are trademarks of Barefoot Networks. Intel is a registered trademark of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ShotSpotter to Showcase its Gunfire Detection and Alert Solutions for Airports and University Campuses at ISC WEST Next PostNext Louis XIII Launches First Pop-Up Boutique at Harrods Celebrating Memorable Life Moments Until 25th April 2017 Search Recent Posts SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Caterpillar Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Tempur Sealy International, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm JUNKEE GOES AFTER GEN Z WITH PUNKEE Glancy Prongay & Murray LLP Commences Investigation on Behalf of Wins Financial Holdings Inc. Investors 2018 Honda NM4 Features and Benefits Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Waterford School Students Advance to Intel International Science and Engineering Fair Waterford School Students Advance to Intel International Science and Engineering Fair Posted on April 4, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Tanisha Matheswaran and Emma Sun of the Waterford School were two of eight Grand Champion prize recipients at the Salt Lake Valley Science and Engineering Fair (SLVSEF). Matheswaran and Sun will represent the Waterford School in the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair (Intel ISEF) on May 14-19 in Los Angeles, California. Sandy, UT (PRWEB) April 04, 2017 Two students from The Waterford School will display their independent research at the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair (Intel ISEF) on May 14-19 in Los Angeles, California. Waterford junior Tanisha Martheswaran and freshman Emma Sun were awarded two of eight Intel ISEF Grand Champion prizes at the Salt Lake Valley Science and Engineering Fair (SLVSEF) on March 24. Martheswaran and Sun competed in the SLVSEF Senior Division, which included entries from high school students in the greater Salt Lake area. The SLVSEF fair is one of seven Intel ISEF-affiliated regional science fairs in Utah. The SLVSEF is presented by The Center for Science and Mathematics Education located at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, Utah. Sun, who partnered with her brother, Alex Sun of Hillcrest High School, won first place in the SLVSEF Behavioral and Social Sciences category for their project titled, “Understanding 'Compassion Fade'.” Matheswaran won first place in the SLVSEF Energy: Chemical & Physical category for her project titled, “Waste Embraced 2.0: A Novel Study of the Effects of Optimized Struvite Precipitation on Biogas Production and Resource Recovery from Municipal Landfill Leachate and Wastewater Centrate.” Additionally, Matheswaran has been invited to present her research at this year's WasteExpo 2017 from May 8-11 in New Orleans, Louisiana. WasteExpo is an industry gathering of operators and researchers in the waste management field. Intel ISEF is the world’s largest pre-college science fair. Approximately 1,800 high school students from over 75 countries compete for $4 million in prizes each year. According to the Society for Science, Intel ISEF unites today’s top young scientific minds, showcasing their talents on an international stage, where doctoral level scientists review and judge their work. To learn more about Intel ISEF visit https://student.societyforscience.org/intel-isef The Waterford School is a top private school providing a liberal arts, college preparatory education, with experienced faculty, rich curriculum, nurturing community and a beautiful 40 acre campus. Waterford enrolls preschool and kindergarten, elementary, middle school and high school students from Salt Lake City, Holladay, Sandy, Draper, Park City, Utah County and throughout the Wasatch front. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/04/prweb14209909.htm Latest News Future of Pharmaceutical, Biotech and Device Development and Manufacturing Innovation Showcased at 38th Annual INTERPHEX The Lodge at Torrey Pines Celebrates 15th Anniversary Waterford School Students Advance to Intel International Science and Engineering Fair True Influence Announces International Expansion of InsightBASE® Demand Generation Services Pennsylvania legislators introduce fresh round of Right to Work bills Wheaton Divorce Lawyer Appointed to the Illinois Supreme Court’s Attorney Registration and Disciplinary Commission (ARDC) Hearing Board Carolyn B. Crowell, DMD & Associates Raise Awareness of Pediatric Teeth Grinding in Avon, OH, Welcome New Patients for Bruxism Treatment Laguna Design Center Proudly Welcomes Plumeria Cafe Distinguished Urologist, Stuart D. Shoengold, MD, IF, FACS will be Spotlighted in The Leading Physicians of the World Distinguished Pulmonologist, David W. Wiltse, MD, will be Featured in The Leading Physicians of the World © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times World Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Comment Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World April 5 2017 - 5:34AM Save Print Carter Page, ex-Donald Trump adviser, admits to communication with Russian spy Tom Hamburger and Alice Crites 42 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Washington: Carter Page, who served briefly as a foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump's presidential campaign, made an appearance in a federal espionage case several years ago because he communicated with a Russian intelligence agent under surveillance by the FBI. In a statement released on Tuesday, Page confirmed his role in the 2015 Justice Department spy case, adding another twist to the still unfolding story of Donald Trump's peculiar and expanding ties to people connected to Russia. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Britain to protect Gibraltar 'all the way' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:37 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 00:58 Intel Committee begins Russia ... Intel Committee begins Russia interference hearing Senator Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, says he won't prejudge the probe into the possible links between the Trump campaign and Russia, saying "We are seeking to determine if there's an actual fire where there's clearly a lot of smoke." Up Next Britain to protect Gibraltar 'all the way' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:37 Video duration 01:37 Britain to protect Gibraltar 'all the way' Britain to protect Gibraltar 'all the way' British Defence Secretary Michael Fallon vows to protect Gibraltar after the European Union offered Spain a right of veto over Gibraltar's future relations with the bloc. Vision courtesy: BBC's Andrew Marr show, Sky News - Sophy Ridge on Sunday Up Next Martial arts master catches man after 8-metre fall Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:57 Video duration 00:57 Martial arts master catches man after ... Martial arts master catches man after 8-metre fall A martial arts coach has saved a construction worker who fell 8 metres after a scaffold collapsed in Suzhou City, in Eastern China. Up Next Horrifying gas attack in Syria Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:43 Video duration 01:43 Horrifying gas attack in Syria Horrifying gas attack in Syria GRAPHIC IMAGES WARNING: A suspected gas attack, believed to be by Syrian government jets, killed dozens of people and left hundreds wounded in the northwestern province of Idlib. Up Next North Korea tests medium-range missile Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:13 Video duration 01:13 North Korea tests medium-range missile North Korea tests medium-range missile The U.S. and South Korea say Pyongyang has launched what appears to be a medium-range missile, ahead of talks between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping. Up Next Spacecraft's final mission before planet fall Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:55 Video duration 00:55 Spacecraft's final mission before planet ... Spacecraft's final mission before planet fall NASA is preparing to send its long-lived Cassini probe into the unexplored region between Saturn and its rings for a scientific grand finale before the spacecraft's suicidal plunge into the planet, space officials said on Tuesday. Up Next 'Pink Star' diamond sale breaks records Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:27 Video duration 00:27 'Pink Star' diamond sale breaks records 'Pink Star' diamond sale breaks records A stunning 59.6 carat diamond known as the 'Pink Star' has sold for $94.3 million at a Sotheby's auction in Hong Kong, setting a new world record for any diamond or jewel. Up Next Badger buries cow. Can ya dig it? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:41 Video duration 00:41 Badger buries cow. Can ya dig it? Badger buries cow. Can ya dig it? A small American badger has buried a 22-kilogram calf carcass and it was all caught on camera by scientists at the University of Utah. More videos Intel Committee begins Russia interference hearing Senator Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, says he won't prejudge the probe into the possible links between the Trump campaign and Russia, saying "We are seeking to determine if there's an actual fire where there's clearly a lot of smoke." Page said he assisted US prosecutors in their case against Evgeny Buryakov, an undercover Kremlin agent posing then as a bank executive in New York. Buryakov was convicted of espionage and released from federal prison just last week, a few months short of completing a 30-month sentence. Buryakov agreed to be immediately deported to Russia. Page's involvement was first disclosed Monday by Buzzfeed, which said Page was identified as "Male 1" in the Justice Department's complaint against Russian spy network based in New York. Related Content Top Democrat says White House is trying to distract from Russia probe Putin: I'd be 'glad' to meet with Trump In a written exchange with The Washington Post, Page confirmed playing a role in the case but declined to discuss details. "Given the very light masking in the original document from January 2015, you can draw your own conclusions," Page wrote. Advertisement According to the court records, the FBI interviewed Page as part of the case against three Russian men identified as agents of the Russian overseas intelligence agency, the SVR. One of them, Buryakov, was operating undercover as an executive in the New York office of a Russian development bank, VneshEconomBank. The case resurfaced in news accounts last week when President Donald Trump's adviser and son-in-law, Jared Kushner, acknowledged he had met with the head of the same bank in December. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link In this May 25, 2016, courtroom drawing, defendant Evgeny Buryakov, left, stands with his attorney Scott Hershman during sentencing on espionage charges in New York.  Photo: AP The complaint includes transcripts from 2013 of wiretapped conversations among the Russians discussing their efforts to recruit Male 1, identified as a New York energy trader whom the Russians described as willing to talk. In his statement, Page compared the revelation of his role to "the politically-motivated unmasking standards seen in the Obama Administration which have recently been exposed." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Carter Page, then adviser to US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, speaks at the graduation ceremony for the New Economic School in Moscow, Russia in 2016. Photo: AP He said the information was released as "retribution for my public positions of dissent" against Obama administration policy toward Russia. The information about his role in the case "amplified the reputational damage against me" that has occurred through 2016, Page said. After he was named by Trump, news stories discussed his travel to Russia and his frequent of criticism of US policy towards Russia under Obama. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link arter Page, a former foreign policy adviser of US President-elect Donald Trump, speaks at a news conference at RIA Novosti news agency in Moscow in 2016. Photo: AP According to the 2015 complaint filed in federal court in the Southern District of New York, Page met with a Russian agent, Victor Podobnyy, in January 2013 at an energy conference in New York. It says that from January to June of that year, Page as Male 1 "provided documents to [Podobnyy] about the energy business." At the time the Russians were seeking information on US sanction and on energy development. Although Page communicated with the Russian agents in 2013, he said the information he provided was innocuous. "As I explained to federal authorities prior to the January 2015 filing of this case, I shared basic immaterial information and publicly available research documents" with the spy who was serving then as a junior attache at the Permanent Mission of the Russian Federation to the United Nations. "In doing so, I provided him nothing more than a few samples from the far more detailed lectures I was preparing at the time for the students in my Spring 2013 semester "Energy and the World: Politics, Markets and Technology" course which I taught on Saturdays at New York University. During an interview with the Washington Post editorial page in March 2016, Trump identified Page, once a Merrill Lynch investment banker in Moscow, as a foreign policy adviser to his campaign. But in January, after Page's name came up in news stories about Trump administration ties to Russia, Trump spokesman Sean Spicer declared that "Carter Page is an individual the president-elect does not know." Page, a longtime energy executive, is a graduate of the US Naval Academy who rose through the ranks at Merrill Lynch before founding his current firm, Global Energy Capital. He previously was a fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations, where he focused on the Caspian Sea region and the economic development in former Soviet states. He is also a fellow at the Centre for National Policy in Washington and has a PhD from the University of London. He made a speech in Moscow in July 2016 that included some criticism of US policy. The White House has energetically rejected the idea that Trump or his allies coordinated with Russia during the election. The president has said investigators and the public should focus instead on leaking of information and reports that he and his advisers were improperly surveilled by the Obama administration. "The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers," Trump tweeted Monday morning. Page has said repeatedly in recent weeks that he would like to tell his story to congressional investigators looking at Russian government efforts to influence the course of the 2016 election and the leak of information about that effort. "I very much look forward to providing further evidence regarding last year's historic crimes committed against me and all Americans," Page said. Washington Post Related Content Efforts of the Trump administration to thwart Russia investigation revealed Advertisement Most Popular Chemical attack in Syria poses profound questions for Trump's leadership As he prepares to meet Trump, Xi Jinping has a lot to worry about Former Trump adviser admits to 2015 communication with Russian spy Advertisers flee Bill O'Reilly over harassment story Outrage in UK after Cadbury drops Easter reference for egg hunt Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Suspected deadly chemical attack a 'war crime', says Boris Johnson As he prepares to meet Trump, Xi Jinping has a lot to worry about North Korea fires projectile into sea off east coast: South Korea Former Trump adviser admits to 2015 communication with Russian spy Outrage in UK after Cadbury drops Easter reference for egg hunt Canberra Times TURC star witness company collapses owing $4 million Man caused $550k damage to Canberra office after minibar binge Bruce Hall Alumni Association 'devastated' by demolition decision 'You start to get twitchy': Julia's battle after being hit by a car The Sydney Morning Herald Anti-Uber activist Russell Howarth 'terrorised' drivers, told to stop harassment Hero mother died with child in arms as car sank into river Suspected deadly chemical attack a 'war crime', says Boris Johnson 'You start to get twitchy': Julia's battle after being hit by a car The Age Man stabbed at Melbourne Central Rebecca Judd encourages natural birth after 'horrific' caesarean with twin boys Tram services slashed despite runaway passenger growth 'You start to get twitchy': Julia's battle after being hit by a car Brisbane Times Queen Street bus station closed due to flooding After Cyclone Debbie's fury, holidaymakers unleash on Whitsundays operators Plan to increase Wivenhoe by two Sydney Harbours in $900m safety revamp Coroner calls for road rules quiz every few years after two cyclist deaths Thirsty work: Adani coal mine to draw 26 million litres of water per day WA Today WA teacher who indecently recorded dozens of kids revealed Eagles, Dockers away games televised ... after the siren has sounded Why Perth councils are playing a new verge collection game Rebecca Judd encourages natural birth after 'horrific' caesarean with twin boys Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Follow P&I on | P&I Daily Latest P&I Daily P&I Daily Archive Subscribe to P&I Daily | Print Edition Current Print Issue Print Archive Subscribe to P&I Home News & Opinion By Topic Alternatives Consultants Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Investing/Portfolio Strategies Hedge Funds Money Management Real Estate Private Equity More Topics → By Department Latest News Opinion People Moves Special Reports By Multimedia Charts Polls Slideshows Video Webinars Searches & Hires Research Center Special Reports Video Careers Conferences & Webinars White Papers Judge grants summary judgment for Intel in lawsuit over DC plan alternatives Robert Steyer | April 4, 2017 4:09 pm | Updated 4:11 pm CHART CENTRAL View Full Chart First-quarter buyout deals View More Charts LATEST POLL View Older Polls LATEST SLIDESHOW Top-Performing Money Managers: Fixed Income View Older Slideshows LATEST VIDEO Face to face with Tom Tull, Employees Retirement System of Texas View More Videos at P&I's Video Library Latest Popular Upcoming Events Webinars About About Pensions & Investments About P&I Research Center About Crain Communications Inc. Advertise / Media Kit Contact Us Editorial Calendar Reprints & Permissions Customer Service My Account Settings Register for Free Subscribe FAQ Help / User Feedback Follow P&I E-Mail Newsletters Mobile Facebook LinkedIn Twitter RSS Feeds Affiliates Business Insurance InvestmentNews Crain's New York Business Crain's Chicago Business All Crain Brands Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Infosecurity Group Websites Magazine Events Infosecurity Europe Infosecurity Leadership Summit Infosecurity Magazine Conferences Infosecurity Netherlands Infosecurity Belgium Infosecurity Russia Infosecurity Mexico Infosecurity Middle East Leaders Network Insight Infosecurity Webinars Infosecurity Whitepapers Infosecurity Virtual Conferences Our website uses cookies Cookies enable us to provide the best experience possible and help us understand how visitors use our website. By browsing Infosecurity Magazine, you agree to our use of cookies. Okay, I understand Learn more Latest McAfee is Back, Spun Off from Intel Half of Large British Businesses Victims of Ransomware Majority of SMEs Lack Confidence in Security Postures The Domain Name and its Role in Cyber Forensics Most Brits Would Feel ‘Safer’ Without Encryption   News Topics Features Webinars White Papers Events & Conferences Directory Search Infosecurity Magazine Home » News » McAfee is Back, Spun Off from Intel 4 Apr 2017 News McAfee is Back, Spun Off from Intel Tara Seals US/North America News Reporter, Infosecurity Magazine Email Tara Intel Security has been spun off as a standalone company, and will now be known by its previous moniker: McAfee. Intel acquired McAfee almost six years ago, making it a wholly owned subsidiary before integrating it fully within the chipmaker’s operations. Now, the division will once again be under its own steam, with Intel retaining a 49% non-controlling investment stake. Private equity firm TPG has 51%, which includes a minority stake from Thoma Bravo, who has joined via an agreement with TPG. The decision to spin out the division as a standalone company again stems from a desire to focus both funding targets and operational efforts. “If you look at how the treat landscape has evolved, we felt it will be more effective to have a very focused strategy for cyber, operating independently,” explained Steve Grobman, CTO for the former Intel Security, in an interview. “Intel is primarily set up as a semiconductor company and a manufacturer, with very fixed cadences. Cyber is about having high levels of agility, and being able to build technology even as the attack community comes out with new threats and techniques.” Intel Security already refocused its efforts about 18 months ago, when it moved from a broad portfolio strategy to being more targeted specifically on threat defense. So as McAfee, no immediate changes are planned for the product lines, customer focus, partners or overall strategy, according to Grobman. However, McAfee will accelerate its efforts to being prepared for the next generation of cyber-threats. “A big part of the strategy is managing and orchestrating our development efforts to create the best defensive technology that we can, with an eye to the future,” Grobman said. “We need to defend customers from what they’re seeing today and from the attack vectors of tomorrow. The new structure will give us the opportunity to accelerate efforts to have our products work together more seamlessly.” He also said that the standalone status and private equity funding will give McAfee an opportunity to “have a more balanced approach to organic and inorganic tech development,” as opposed to solely building products internally. “With an independent structure, we can look at opportunities to accelerate the business by acquisitions,” he said. As for rebranding as McAfee, he added, “We’ve done a lot of analysis on the impact of the McAfee brand name and it’s recognized as a strong cyber-brand. The rationale for returning to the McAfee name is to take advantage of good brand strength. And, the products never were un-branded, so little will change there.”   Intel SVP and GM Chris Young will lead the new McAfee as CEO. TPG Partner Bryan Taylor has been named chairman of the Board. “Cybersecurity is the greatest challenge of the connected age, weighing heavily on the minds of parents, executives and world leaders alike,” said Young. “As a standalone company with a clear purpose, McAfee gains the agility to unite people, technology and organizations against our common adversaries and ensure our technology-driven future is safe.” Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO, added, “Security remains important to Intel, and in addition to our equity position and ongoing collaboration with McAfee, Intel will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices.” McAfee has more than 7,500 employees and holds more than 1,200 security technology patents. It is also home to McAfee Labs. Why Not Watch? 29 Sep 2016Building a Business Case the CFO Can Understand 9 Apr 2015Crunch Time for Securing Big Data 13 Nov 2016Brexit, EU GDPR and Privacy: What Should You Do Now? 28 Jan 2016EU Data Protection Regulation: New Legal Considerations for Security Professionals Related to This Story Intel: Wearables, Cars and Stolen-Data Warehousing Will Mark 2016 Real-Time Threat Detection a Best Defense Against Targeted Attacks IT Admins Often Turn off DPI and Other Firewall Features Intel to Shed McAfee Name McAfee to acquire Stonesoft What’s Hot on Infosecurity Magazine? Read Shared Watched Editor's Choice 1 4 Apr 2017 News Chinese Hackers Targeted Global Firms Via Supply Chain 2 4 Apr 2017 News Trump Signs Anti-Privacy Bill into Law 3 7 Feb 2017 News Polish Banking Sector Hit with System-wide Hack 4 31 Mar 2017 News Feature All You Need to Know about the Cyber Retraining Academy 5 4 Apr 2017 News Lazarus Group Exposed with Major New North Korea Link 6 4 Apr 2017 News Most Brits Would Feel ‘Safer’ Without Encryption 1 21 Nov 2016 News FBI: US ATMs Could Be Hacked to Spew Cash 2 18 Nov 2016 News US Government Releases New IoT Security Guidance 3 22 Nov 2016 News Conficker Still on Top as Malware Jumps 5% in October 4 21 Nov 2016 News Data Protection Disputes to Soar Over Next Five Years 5 18 Nov 2016 News UK Retailers Facing One Million Fraud Attempts Per Day 6 17 Nov 2016 News SHA-1 Time Bomb: One Third of Websites Have Yet to Upgrade 1 4 Apr 2017 Webinar Life of: A Penetration Tester 2 6 Apr 2017, 15:00 BST, 10:00 EDT Webinar Beyond Next Gen: Best Practices for Future Ready Security 3 30 Mar 2017 Webinar Every Business has the Same Security Challenge: Employees 4 27 Apr 2017, 15:00 BST, 10:00 EDT Webinar Machine Learning: Snake Oil or the Next Big Idea in Cybersecurity? 5 9 Mar 2017 Webinar Mind the Security Gap - Transforming the Effectiveness of End Point Protection 6 4 May 2017, 15:00 BST, 10:00 EDT Webinar 12 Months To Go: Simple Steps to Achieving GDPR Compliance 1 20 Mar 2017 News Feature Security Certifications are Useless, Right? 2 22 Mar 2017 News Feature Will Vault7 Shake Infosec Like Snowden? 3 23 Mar 2017 Blog Enterprise Security for the Home 4 22 Mar 2017 Blog Five Questions Board Members Should Ask Their CISO 5 16 Mar 2017 Interview Interview: Alex Dewdney & Chris Ensor, NCSC, GCHQ 6 24 Mar 2017 Opinion The Data Centre as a Time Machine The Magazine About Infosecurity Subscription Meet the Team Contact Us Advertisers Media Pack Contributors Forward Features Op-ed Copright © 2017 Reed Exhibitions Ltd. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Sitemap Please wait…
MotorAuthority News You can't run from the Nissan GT-R Police Pursuit Modified April 4, 2017 The 2018 Mercedes-AMG GLC63 and GLC63 Coupe are... Luxury April 4, 2017 2018 Buick Regal coming as hatchback and wagon... New York Auto Show April 4, 2017 SEE ALL NEWS Topics Spy Shots First Drives Supercars Racing Videos Muscle Cars Concept Cars Industry SUV Electric Cars Hybrid Luxury First Drives First Drives 2017 Volvo V90 Cross Country first drive review: the wagon Americans should want 2017 Volvo S60 and V60 Polestar first drive review: the 365-day sports cars 2017 Bugatti Chiron first drive review: the king of the exotics SEE MORE Auto Shows Auto Shows New York The 2018 Mercedes-AMG GLC63 and GLC63 Coupe are your insane compact SUVs More News SEMA Chicago Detroit Frankfurt Geneva Los Angeles Photos Photo Galleries Nissan GT-R Police Pursuit SEE MORE PHOTOS Video Videos   2018 BMW X2 spy shots and video         SEE MORE VIDEOS Spy Shots Spy Shots Cadillac's new ‘Beast’ presidential limousine for Donald Trump spied testing 2018 BMW X2 spy shots and video 2018 Audi A8 spy shots and video SEE MORE Car Tech Car Tech Mercedes working on ‘Level 5’ self-driving car with Bosch Porsche counts down its top 5 most grueling functionality tests Pirelli develops rubber-infused skis SEE MORE More Like Us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Add Us on Google+ Home News Car Tech Mercedes working on ‘Level 5’ self-driving car with Bosch Email This Page Your Name Your Email To (separate emails with commas) Message (optional) Send Your email was sent successfully. Close Mercedes working on ‘Level 5’ self-driving car with Bosch Viknesh Vijayenthiran Apr 4, 2017 Follow Viknesh Add to circle The scale and complexity, not to mention cost, of developing self-driving cars is causing a lot of consolidation behind the scenes. For example, Volvo has joined forces with Autoliv; BMW with Intel and Mobileye (soon to be owned by Intel); and now Mercedes-Benz has also announced it will work with Bosch on self-driving cars. The goal of the Mercedes-Bosch tie-up is to develop and launch a production-ready self-driving car for use on urban public roads. The idea behind it is that the self-driving cars should come to the driver rather than the other way round. Within a specified area of town, users will be able to book a car via their smartphone much like an Uber, only there won’t be anyone behind the wheel. Initially, the cars will likely be limited to areas covered by digital mapping service HERE, which Mercedes owns together with BMW, the Volkswagen Group and Intel. Mercedes and Bosch will start with Level 4 self-driving capability, meaning cars that can handle almost all situations by themselves but have some limitations, such as poor weather or unmapped roads. A true self-driving car that can handle all situations and does not require a driver, i.e. a Level 5 self-driving car, will eventually follow. Mercedes and Bosch predict that both Level 4 and Level 5 self-driving cars will be ready to hit the roads in the next decade. That’s a similar target to what most other firms working on the technology have committed to. Just some of them include big names such as Waymo (Alphabet), the Volkswagen Group, Uber, General Motors, Ford, Delphi and Nvidia. Nvidia also recently announced it would work with Bosch to develop self-driving cars. In this partnership, Nvidia will provide the computing hardware and software for self-driving cars, namely its Drive PX 2 artificial intelligence system, while Bosch would focus on developing vehicle sensors. The complete system would then be marketed to automakers to use in their cars. HI-RES GALLERY: Self-driving taxi service envisioned by Mercedes-Benz and Bosch Prev Post Next Post Tags: Autonomous cars Bosch Posted in: Car Tech Industry Mercedes-Benz News Recommended Galleries The 2018 Mercedes-AMG GLC63 and GLC63 Coupe are your insane compact SUVs You can't run from the Nissan GT-R Police Pursuit 2018 Buick Regal coming as hatchback and wagon, but no sedan Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance-winning 1936 Lancia Astura sold   Contribute Send us a tip Comment Contact the editor Follow Us Get daily e-mail updates GO I agree to receive emails from the site. I can withdraw my consent at any time by unsubscribing. Sign up for our Daily Newsletter Get daily news, spy shots and more! Sign Up I agree to receive emails from the site. I can withdraw my consent at any time by unsubscribing. Related Articles Self-driving Uber tests on hold after Arizona crash July 11 reveal for new Audi A8 Intel to buy Mobileye in $15.3B deal Nio previews US-bound electric car due in 2020 Follow Us On Facebook MotorAuthority on Take Us With You!   Get FREE Dealer Quotes From dealers near you Select Make Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford Genesis GMC Honda Hyundai INFINITI Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce smart Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select Model Zip Code: Go! Most Popular This Week 1 2018 Mercedes-Benz S-Class leaked   2 Kia Stinger 0-60 time under 4.9 seconds   3 The 2018 Ford Mustang has a pulse   4 2019 Porsche 911 spy shots   5 Nissan GT-R Track, Kia Stinger, next-gen Porsche 911: This...   More Research New Cars Select Make Acura Audi BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ford GMC Honda Hyundai INFINITI Jaguar Jeep Kia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Mazda Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Subaru Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Bentley Ferrari FIAT Genesis Lamborghini Lotus Maserati McLaren Rolls-Royce smart Tesla Select Model Go! SPY SHOTS FIRST DRIVES SUPERCARS RACING VIDEOS MUSCLE CARS Get the Web's best daily performance and luxury automotive newsletter! We'll email you the latest in performance and luxury automotive news every day. Subscribe More from High Gear Media   More Bolt EV charging, VW diesel costs, London emission fees, Mercedes vs hydrogen: Today's Car News Did Mercedes turn its back on hydrogen fuel-cell vehicles? More details on fast-charging rate in 2017 Chevy Bolt EV electric car 2018 VW Atlas priced from $31,425 Why don't people get their recalled cars fixed? Who's winning the self-driving car race? It's not the company you think   News AUTO SHOWS Detroit Auto Show New York Auto Show SPY SHOTS Reviews Photos Videos RSS Feed Company About Us Contact Us Press Legal Disclaimer Privacy Policy Reprints Follow Us     © 2017 MotorAuthority. All Rights Reserved. MotorAuthority is published by Internet Brands Automotive Group. Stock photography by izmostock. Read our Cookie Policy.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 1 Way Intel Corporation Wants to Improve R&D Efficiency Intel's strategy to chop up future chips could help it improve research and development efficiency. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Apr 4, 2017 at 2:00PM At its Technology and Manufacturing Day, Intel  (NASDAQ:INTC) went into some detail about its plans for future chips. Intel executive Murthy Renduchintala explained that it will build chips going forward by combining several discrete silicon dies connected using the company's exciting new Embedded Multi-Die Interconnect Bridge (EMIB) technology. In my initial article covering Renduchintala's comments, I mainly went over about the potential for Intel to build a wider range of products to better serve different subsegments of the overall personal computer market. However, there's another reason for investors to be excited about this new product development methodology. Image source: Intel. More efficient research and development spending Intel spent $12.74 billion in R&D during 2016, a figure that dwarfs the R&D budgets of virtually all its peers in the chip industry. However, just throwing money at product development -- as we saw with Intel's failed attempts to become a major player in the tablet and smartphone applications processor market -- isn't enough. That spending needs to be focused to build the right technologies and products and it needs to be efficient to maximize shareholder returns. "Clearly, one of the key things on my mind is how I most effectively use Intel's [R&D] budget," Renduchintala began. "And what I don't want to be doing is spending a large amount of [research and development] porting [intellectual properties] from node to node that doesn't get any inherent performance benefit." Instead, Renduchintala wants Intel's R&D efforts to be focused on "absolutely competitive advantage-generating capabilities." To that end, Renduchintala indicated, the company would move its CPU cores and its graphics and media technology to its newest manufacturing technologies, but other pieces of intellectual property -- ones that Renduchintala says don't benefit from newer manufacturing technologies and can even see performance degradation from such moves -- can stay behind on older technologies. Not only does Intel not need to spend the R&D dollars to bring those intellectual properties to newer manufacturing technologies, but it sounds as though there will be product performance/quality benefits, too. When will we see such chips? Although Intel has talked up the importance of this new product development methodology, what the company has yet to publicly disclose is when we'll start to see it releasing products that mix and match different intellectual properties built on different manufacturing technologies. If I had to guess, I'd say that we should see this technology in action -- at least in Intel's personal computer processor lineup -- with its Ice Lake architecture. Products based on the Ice Lake architecture aren't expected to launch until, at the earliest, the second half of 2018, with perhaps a broader product rollout happening in the first half of 2019. What I think will be interesting to see is how Intel ultimately splits up these chips and what kinds of different product variants the company builds. My hypothesis is that Intel will be able to build a wider variety of chips that are specifically tuned for each of the subsegments of the personal computer market, which should help improve Intel's margins, product mix, and even afford it the flexibility to put out new products to respond to market demand/conditions at a quicker pace. I hope that it won't be too long before the general public gets to see the impact of this development methodology on Intel's products and financial results.  Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Apr 4, 2017 at 2:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.28 up $0.12 (0.33%) Read More Why Long-Term Investors Should Prefer NVIDIA Over Intel Will Intel Profit From Self-Driving Cars? Intel Corporation’s Exciting Plan to Chop Up Future Chips Intel's Data Center Monopoly Is Coming to an End Here's Why Intel Corporation Is Putting in More Modem Capacity Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 1 Way Intel Corporation Wants to Improve R&D Efficiency @themotleyfool #stocks $INTC
Share Tweet Apple reveals new Pro iMac coming later in 2017 Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This fb tw am yt rss Hot Topics How to get a black screen front on a red iPhone 7 Apple spring event news iPhone tips iPhone 8 rumours iPad Pro 2 rumours Latest Apple Deals » Home News Mac News New iMac 2017 latest rumours New iMac 2017 latest rumours Apple says a new iMac is coming later in 2017, here's what to expect by Karen Haslam | 04 Apr 17 Contents When will new iMacs be launched in the UK? What specs can we expect from the new iMac? Will the new iMac have a touch screen? What processor will the new iMac use? What Graphics chips will Apple use in the new iMac? Will the new iMac ship with Flash storage as standard? Apple will be introducing new iMacs in 2017 with spec bumps that will make them even more attractive to pro users. (Click here to read the latest version of this article.) Talking to journalists in what appears to be a bid to convince pro users that Apple hasn’t forgotten about them, Apple VPs Phil Schiller, Craig Federighi and John Ternus revealed that the company is completely rethinking the Mac Pro with a new design planned for some time in 2018. It was also revealed that because the Mac Pro in its current form hasn’t been meeting the needs of many pro users, some pros have turned to the iMac instead, and as a result Apple intends to provide those users with an update to the iMac designed to suit them later this year. (Read about Apple's plans for a new Mac Pro here). According to journalists from Engadget who were present at the briefing, Federighi revealed that Apple sees the iMac as appealing to a percentage of pro users who find that it is capable enough for them. Those users are probably choosing iMac over Mac Pro because the pace of updates is faster and thanks to increased capability. “So many of our customers were moving to iMac that we saw a path to address many, many more of those that were finding themselves limited by Mac Pro through a next generation iMac,” he said. Apple has put “a lot of our energy behind” this new iMac, according to Federighi. News of Apple's renewed focus on the Mac, with the upcoming new iMac and Mac Pro redesign, will be a relief to those who were thinking that the company had turned its back on the Mac in favour of the iPhone and iPad, which account for much more of its business.  Those users had reason to be concerned. The Mac Pro hasn't been updated since 2013 (although Apple is now offering a spec bump and a price cut following the news of it's renewed interest in the Mac). Similarly Apple's last iMac update came back in October 2015, when it introduced a Retina-class screen resolution to the smaller Macs for the first time and equipped the larger models with new Skylake processor chips. Before that, you had to go back more than two years - if you don't include the cheaper iMac which Apple launched in June 2014 - to the last proper new iMac update, in September 2013, when Apple added Haswell processors, new graphics, next-gen Wi-Fi and faster PCIe flash storage options. If you want  to buy a new iMac check out these stories: Where to buy iMacs in the UK, our Mac buying guide 2017 and the best cheap iMac deals UK. When will new iMacs be launched in the UK? We know that Apple is planning to release new iMacs later in 2017 but we can only guess when at the moment. Apple's yearly cycle is built around three major press events: autumn - usually September (new iPhones and iPads); spring - usually March (new iPhones and iPads, sometimes MacBooks and watches); and summer - usually June (WWDC - operating system updates, and occasional hardware). But that doesn't mean the company stays quiet the rest of the year. Mac updates can be folded into the big three events, but they're often launched at their own smaller launch events. The iMac update in 2015 got its own announcement, a few weeks after the iPhone 6s reveal. It certainly doesn't look like they will arrive at a Spring event as it's looking increasingly like Apple won't be holding a Spring event this year. The next plausible event at which the iMac could arrive is WWDC, taking place in early June. You can read about what we expect Apple to show attendees of WWDC here. WWDC would be a good opportunity for Apple to talk to its pro users - or at least those pro users who fit in the developer category (Apple itself has said broad a definition Pro is when it comes to Mac users). Another reason to expect to see an iMac launch at that event is that in previous years Apple has launched new Macs there. In fact it was at WWDC that Apple revealed the design for the Mac Pro back in 2013. Another likely timeframe for the iMac update is September or October 2017. A September launch would coincide with the launch of new iPhones, while in past years Apple has held an October event to launch new Macs and iPads. In fact the last iMac update was in October 2015. What specs can we expect from the new iMac? We know that Apple intends to introduce a new iMac designed for the pro users who have moved away from the Mac Pro. So we can expect a pretty high spec machine. We'll add leaked details about the tech specs of the new iMacs to this section as we hear them. Here's what we know so far. Will the new iMac have a touch screen? There have been calls for Apple to introduce touch screen capabilities to the iMac, but it is looking increasingly unlikely that it will. Phil Schiller was asked about whether Apple would consider adding a  touch screen to the Mac during the journalist briefing at which the plans for a new Mac Pro were revealed. His response: "No". His collegue Craig Federighi suggested that the iPad Pro offers a far better drawing experience. What processor will the new iMac use? Apple skipped Intel's much-delayed Broadwell processors and went straight from Haswell to Skylake for the 2015 update. Skylake uses the same 14nm manufacturing process as Broadwell, but brings even greater CPU and GPU performance, along with reduced power consumption. But what chips will appear in the next set of iMacs? Clearly that will depend on their launch date and the hardware that's available at the time. After 2015's Skylake, the next round of Intel processors, which started going into mass production in late 2016 and is still being rolled out, is Kaby Lake; this will be followed by Cannonlake (Cannonlake was due to be next, but it's been delayed until the second half of 2017). Then Ice Lake in 2018 and Tiger Lake in 2019, for those who enjoy this sort of thing. Kaby Lake uses a 14nm process, same as Broadwell and Skylake, but Cannonlake switches over to a more accurate 10nm process. Intel started shipping its Kaby Lake processors in July 2016, and the chips offer support for Thunderbolt 3, USB 3.1 and DisplayPort 1.2. It's therefore now possible that Apple will squeeze Kaby Lake chips into the next iMac update, but by no means guaranteed, given Apple's past behaviour. In early January, Intel used CES 2017 in Las Vegas to introduce its Kaby Lake processors officially, after announcing low power versions of Kaby Lake processors in August of 2016. The chips shown off in January are powerful enough to be used in Apple's Macs. Processor models The specific model of Kaby Lake processor we're expecting to appear in the next iMac is the i7-7700. And as luck would have it, Tom's Hardware has got hold of what they understand to be a pre-release sample of that chip. Naturally they promptly overclocked it and put it through rigorous speed tests. Those speed tests found that the i7-7700 (or rather the i7-7700K - the K in the name denoting that the clock multiplier has been unlocked to allow for overclocking) was capable of 4.2GHz under normal circumstances, and 4.8GHz when overclocked. Serious speed which, as BGR observes, would give the new iMac bragging rights over the rival Surface Studio, launched before the relevant Kaby Lake chips became available. Micosoft could always launch an updated Surface Studio with Kaby Lake, of course, although that might annoy the early buyers. Back in October 2016, the US retailer Best Buy leaked a listing for a new iMac, and it had a Kaby Lake chipset - a "7th Gen Intel Core i7 processor". As Technobuffalo points out, this isn't necessarily genuine: an employee could have created this as a placeholder until official information is available. But slip-ups of this kind more often happen because a retailer has been given advance warning of an imminent launch and somebody sets it live too early by mistake. We'd say - based on this and other clues - that a Kaby Lake iMac is looking like a decent bet for launch in the near future. In November 2016, further evidence emerged that sheds light on the prospects of a Kaby Lake iMac. Intel briefly made documents available on its website, intended for PC manufacturer partners rather than consumers, that detail specs of new Kaby Lake processors - and Anandtech spotted and grabbed them. The documents detail 11 new processors, including seven i5 chips and three i7s; 10 of them are designated for desktop use and one is for worktop. There's still no sign of the Kaby Lake laptop processors we expect to use as part of a MacBook Pro update in early 2017. AMD processors We expect Apple to choose Intel-based CPUs, but there's a chance AMD could also make an appearance in certain iMac models. The AMD Zen processor, launched in 2016, boasts 8 cores and 16 threads - a massive amount of raw processing power. Given the suggested price tag of the Zen CPU, we expect it either to be in the top-spec iMacs or be an upgrade option. The inclusion of other AMD processors is also not far-fetched, as we still see it being an option for cheaper iMac models. At the end of February 2017, in the response to news of a recording-breaking benchmark performance by the new AMD RYZEN 7 1800X processor, Architosh discussed the possibility of Apple switching from Intel to AMD as its Mac chip supplier. The site was particularly interested in AMD's superior power efficiency, something which fits in with Apple's recent philosophy. "Today's current iMac 5K model," the site points out, "uses an Intel 14nm Skylake 4-core i7-6700K processor with a TDP of 91W. Based on the iMac's actual frequency, the TDP is possibly low 80s W range. But AMD's RYZEN 7 1700 is at 65W already and has 8 cores." Architosh even ponders if AMD's recent development work has been geared towards catching Apple's eye: "Is it possible that when AMD decided to work from a clean state four years ago that they began the RYZEN line with the possibility of wooing Apple at some point in the future?" As we said above, switching to AMD processors for the next iMac would be a surprise, but it no longer seems impossible. What Graphics chips will Apple use in the new iMac? It's believed that Apple's next generation of iMacs (or its higher-specced models, at least) will feature graphics chips from AMD's Polaris set, which were announced at the start of 2016. WCCF Tech reports that AMD won the contract last October but was only able to get confirmation from additional sources in April 2016. The contract is for two chipsets: Polaris 10 (previously known as Ellesmere) and Polaris 11 (previously known as Baffin), and WCCF Tech says these processors will appear in "new desktops and notebooks from Apple, which the company plans to bring to market later this year". With the MacBook and MacBook Air having recently seen updates, and the Mac mini highly unlikely to incorporate a discrete graphics unit, the remaining candidates are the MacBook Pro, iMac and Mac Pro. MacRumors reasons that the power range of these chips makes Polaris 11 a strong fit for the MacBook Pro, while Polaris 10 suits the iMac. The Polaris chips offer improved graphics performance compared with previous generations (as much as twice the speed per watt) and potential reductions in both power consumption and waste heat. They are built using a 16nm or 14nm FinFET production process, compared to 28nm on AMD's earlier chips, which means that the chip maker can fit more transistors in a given space (which makes the chips ideal for ultraportable laptops and ultraslim desktops - the latter fitting recent iMac designs) and, because the transistors are closer together, less power is needed to move a signal across them. Apple's current iMac line-up features AMD Radeon graphics chipsets as standard in the 27-inch models. The 21-inch models come with integrated Intel Iris Pro 6200 graphics. Read next: New Mac Pro rumours | New Mac mini rumours Virtual reality Talking about graphics architecture can be a little dry, but the Polaris rumour discussed above has a sexier element to it: VR. AMD has consistently talked up its Polaris graphics chips as a way of bringing VR within the reach of a wider market of PC users. At present Macs are basically unusable for VR, as we discuss in our articles Can you use Oculus Rift with Mac? and How to use a Mac for VR, and Oculus founder Palmer Luckey specifically cited underpowered Mac GPUs as the reason why the company was focusing on Windows: "People have said, 'Why don't you support Macs? So many people have Macs.' It's true. A lot of people have Apple hardware, especially in the laptop space. But the GPUs in those, they're not even close to what we're pushing for our recommended spec." But adding Polaris GPUs to the iMac could change Luckey's mind. AMD's Roy Taylor thinks the company's new GPUs are about to massively expand the available market for VR. "AMD has just completed the shrink to 14nm [with Polaris]," he said. "This means we can produce GPUs that will run the minimum spec of VR at a lower cost, in larger volume, consuming less power and running faster. That means in the second half of this year and going forward, more people will be able to run those headsets." Visit WCCF Tech for more info. VR remains a niche topic in tech - the number of people actually willing to shell out for the whole shebang remains small, even if casual gamers who try the Vive or the Oculus Rift tend to love it - but it gets a lot of press at the moment. And it can't be nice for a company that prides itself on the quality of its products to hear them disparaged as "not even close" to being up to a task. As Jim Lynch on CIO colourfully phrases it, "As far as VR goes, it's not something that I have paid much attention to, but it certainly couldn't hurt for Apple's computers to be able to do it adequately... If VR lights a fire under Apple's rear end and gets the company to put out a pro version of the iMac, then it will be a good thing for all users." Will the new iMac ship with Flash storage as standard? We'll repeat our hope, expressed this time last year while waiting for the 2015 update, that Apple makes flash storage standard across the entire range of iMacs. At present the 27-inch iMacs get a Fusion Drive by default (Fusion Drives are a high-performance hybrid blend of flash and conventional storage) and the 21.5-inch models can add them as a build-to-order option for an extra £80. We think it should be offered as standard in all Apple's desktops. The current 21.5-inch iMac range is crippled somewhat by its hard drives, which are a lot slower than the flash drives used in all of Apple's laptops - to the extent that Mac laptops with similar processors will perform noticeably better than the equivalent iMac because of their faster SSD drives. Read next: Best external SSD flash drives for Mac Poll: What do you want from the next iMac? Those are the rumours about the next iMac refresh. What do you think? And what are you looking for from the next generation of iMacs? Have your say in our poll: &nbsp; Tags: Mac , Rumour , iMac Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Advertisement How to get the Windows 10 Creators Update now 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years See the beautiful concept art for the new Moomin animated TV series New Mac Pro 2018 latest rumours: Release date, UK price, features & specs Apple News Apple Reviews Apple How To Macworld Magazine Apple Deals Mac Forums Apple Mac iPhone Reviews iPad Reviews Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Intel bets on India to boost artificial intelligence usage Intel bets on India to boost artificial intelligence usage Source : Last Updated: Tue, Apr 04, 2017 22:40 hrs Tweet Mail Print Bengaluru, April 4 (IANS) Global chip maker Intel on Tuesday announced a string of initiatives to boost the usage of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in diverse sectors by collaborating with partners and customers across the country. "Our developer education programme will educate 15,000 scientists, developers, analysts and engineers on AI technologies, including Deep Learning and Machine Learning in India," said Intel South Asia Managing Director Praksh Mallya here. AI is a software programme that makes computers and machines think intelligently and faster with more predictability than a human mind. AI is also the main workload in data centres which operate in line with the Moore's Law of computing power doubling every year. By 2020, the industry expects more servers to process data analytics than other workloads and analytics predictors will be built into every application. Intel powers 97 per cent of data centre servers running AI workloads and offers flexible performance-optimised portfolio of solutions. Through 60 programmes in a year, the initiatives will empower the community with the know-how for AI adoption with ready-to-deploy platforms and tools for solution development. "As India undergoes digital transformation, the data centre and the intelligence behind the data collected will enable the government and industry to make quick decisions based on algorithms," said Mallya on the margins of Intel's 'AI Day 2017'. The company's Indian subsidiary is collaborating with Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Wipro, Julia Computing and Calligo Technologies for using AI in the country. "Our collaboration with the industry and the academia will help democratise AI, by reducing entry barriers for developers, data scientists and students," noted Mallya. The subsidiary is targeting the BFSI (Banks, Financial Services and Insurance), telecom, and e-commerce sectors, across High Performance Computing (HPC), big data and Internet of Things, which are complementary to AI," added Mallya. The onset of AI-based technology in India is evident in e-commerce and research, where entities using data analytics are looking to explore AI. "Our research groups are working on implementation of evolutionary algorithms in parallel environments and using Intel platforms and software tools to deploy, parallelise and optimise systems," said IIT-Patna Director Pushpak Bhattacharya. With its unified approach, Intel leads the AI computing era through hardware and software designed for building AI applications across industries. Intel's collaboration with companies like Google and is acquisitions, including Saffron, Movidius, Nervana Systems and Mobileye, further its AI capabilities, giving it an edge at a time when embedded computer vision is becoming increasingly important the world over. --IANS fb/lok/vt SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features Kejriwal wants Delhi Govt to pay his legal fees Cartoon: Aadhar everywhere! FBI releases photos off 9/11 Pentagon aftermath Why Tamil Nadu farmers are staging a gory protest in Delhi BJP shops for Congressmen About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Barefoot Networks April 04, 2017 12:10 ET Barefoot partners with AT&T and SnapRoute to deploy revolutionary forwarding plane programmability into high-speed networks World's first real-time path and latency visualization, and 100Gb/s microburst detection and correction with Intel Silicon Photonics for 6.5Tb/s data center and service provider deployments to be showcased at Open Networking Summit 2017 PALO ALTO, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 4, 2017) - At the Open Networking Summit (ONS) April 3-6, Barefoot Networks will showcase the most detailed visibility into networks ever seen. The demonstrations will run on Barefoot's 6.5Tb/s Tofino™ switch, the world's fastest and P4™ programmable switch chip that has been sampling to customers since Q4 2016. Barefoot will demonstrate how Tofino can be deployed in networks to enable fine-grained visibility to detect and fix performance issues caused by a host of problems including path and latency variations as well as "microbursts" at port speeds up to 100Gb/s. AT&T has partnered with Barefoot and SnapRoute to enable this deep and far-reaching visibility into its production network using Tofino and In-band Network Telemetry (INT). In an example of the speed and efficiency enabled by Tofino and P4, AT&T's idea of gaining this packet-by-packet and real-time visibility went from whiteboard to production deployment in a matter of weeks. Barefoot has also collaborated with Intel to create a new reference platform using the 6.5Tb/s Tofino based Wedge 100B switches and Intel® Silicon Photonics CWDM4 and PSM4 100G optical modules. The reference platform, available today, is a validated solution for reliable and efficient transport of multiple terabits of traffic, allowing data center operators to easily upgrade to more than double the bandwidth of their existing networking equipment.1 Real-time Path and Latency Visualization: ONS attendees will get a chance to see first-hand the trailblazing visibility enabled by Tofino and INT in AT&T's network. This demo mimics the live trial performed by AT&T sending customer traffic between Washington, D.C. and San Francisco in their production network on March 28. This trial used Tofino-based 6.5 Tb/s Wedge 100B switches running SnapRoute's FlexSwitch software enabling INT for MPLS Tunneled packets giving it fine-grain, instantaneous visibility into packets' path and latency. "SnapRoute is delighted to partner with Barefoot Networks in bringing revolutionary visibility into AT&T's production network," said Jason Forrester, CEO and Founder at SnapRoute. "Our modular and extensible FlexSwitch software together with Barefoot's P4 programmable Tofino silicon are unleashing functionality that was never before possible in the forwarding plane, giving full control of the networking stack to the network owners." Another problem that is a bane to the network operators is "microbursts." It is extremely hard to detect microbursts in real-time; these are brief but disastrous spikes in traffic causing packet drops or jitter. Microbursts only get harder to spot as networks scale to carry more traffic at port speeds of 100Gb/s, and as more traffic moves to the public cloud, including service-providers deploying NFV in data centers. With Tofino and INT, you can not only see these microbursts in real-time, but also identify the offending traffic flow or application. With the culprit identified, corrective action can be taken depending on the signature of the failure -- whether it is application misbehavior or human configuration error. Real-time 100Gb/s Microburst Detection and Correction: In this demonstration, Barefoot will visualize real-time per-packet queue occupancy levels using INT on the new Barefoot-Intel reference platform with two fully-populated Wedge 100B switches. The advanced telemetry is achieved while also running the typical forwarding features found in a data center top-of-rack switch to nanosecond precision. This allows for real-time detection of microbursts, giving the necessary information for network owners to identify the offending application and take corrective action. "Barefoot is leading the way into the future of networking by delivering programmability and performance without compromise to the users of its trailblazing technology," said Craig Barratt, CEO of Barefoot Networks. "Barefoot's Tofino programmable switch delivers precise and real-time network telemetry information needed to detect and correct problems in the fastest networks, right down to the nanosecond." "The exponential increase in data center traffic is driving the need for high-speed, power-efficient and reliable connectivity solutions," said Alexis Bjorlin, VP Data Center Group & GM Connectivity Group at Intel. "Barefoot's fully programmable 6.5 Tb/s Tofino-based Wedge 100B switch, together with our high-volume 100G silicon photonics optical modules, gives network operators and cloud service providers the ability to upgrade their existing equipment and benefit from the high bandwidth and advanced telemetry provided by this solution." Announced in June 2016, Barefoot Networks' Tofino Ethernet switch ASICs and Capilano SDE remove the last barrier to full network programmability by opening the forwarding plane, enabling full and granular control of the networking stack down to the packets flowing on the wire. Its first Tofino chips were delivered to customers in Q4 2016 and the company continues to add industry leaders to its growing network of partners. Meet Barefoot at ONS 2017 In its sixth year, ONS brings together enterprises, carriers and cloud service providers to share best practices, highlight innovation and discuss the future of open networking. To connect with Barefoot Networks at ONS 2017, find them at booth #124 or arrange a meeting by contacting info@barefootnetworks.com. 1 Performance disclaimer: 2x bandwidth claim is based on maximum theoretical throughput of 6.5Tb/s vs. current generation 3.2Tb/s Ethernet switches. About Barefoot Networks Barefoot Networks launched in 2016 after two years of developing the most programmable and -- at 6.5Terabits/second -- the fastest switches ever built; twice as fast as the previous on record. By enabling organizations to define the network forwarding plane in software, Barefoot empowers network owners and their infrastructure partners to design, optimize, and innovate to meet their specific requirements and gain competitive advantage. In combining the P4 programming language with fast programmable switches, Barefoot has also created an ecosystem for compilers, tools, and P4 programs to make P4 accessible to anybody. Barefoot's founders -- Pat Bosshart, Martin Izzard, Dan Lenoski, Nick McKeown -- bring the company more than 100 years of experience in building the fastest and biggest networking systems in the world. Backed by Google Inc., Goldman Sachs Principal Strategic Investments, Alibaba, Tencent and by premier venture capital firms Sequoia Capital, Lightspeed Venture Partners, and Andreessen Horowitz, Barefoot Networks is headquartered in Silicon Valley. For more information, visit http://www.barefootnetworks.com. Follow us on Twitter: @barefootnetwork. Follow us on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/barefootnetworks Barefoot Networks, the Foot Logo and Tofino are trademarks of Barefoot Networks. Intel is a registered trademark of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. Contact Information MEDIA CONTACTS: Barefoot Networks: Gary Good Phone: +1-707-837-1718 Email: Email Contact Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Barefoot Networks From this industry Computers and Software From this sub-industry Hardware Internet Networking Security Software Big Data Peripherals See all RSS Newsfeeds   Highlighted Links Barefoot Networks website Barefoot Networks Tofino programmable silicon switch chip   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Business-Economy Rani Mukerji begins shoot for comeback movie 'Hichki' Business Standard Intel bets on India to boost artificial intelligence usage IANS  |  Bengaluru  April 4, 2017 Last Updated at 22:16 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUrgYF ALSO READ India raises market stabilisation bond issuance limit, RBI says NBCC (India) in focus after declaring Q2 result India gas demand growth stymied by slow infrastructure development India factory activity expands at a slightly faster pace in February Metal & mining stocks shine Global chip maker Intel on Tuesday announced a string of initiatives to boost the usage of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in diverse sectors by collaborating with partners and customers across the country. "Our developer education programme will educate 15,000 scientists, developers, analysts and engineers on AI technologies, including Deep Learning and Machine Learning in India," said Intel South Asia Managing Director Praksh Mallya here. AI is a software programme that makes computers and machines think intelligently and faster with more predictability than a human mind. AI is also the main workload in data centres which operate in line with the Moore's Law of computing power doubling every year. By 2020, the industry expects more servers to process data analytics than other workloads and analytics predictors will be built into every application. Intel powers 97 per cent of data centre servers running AI workloads and offers flexible performance-optimised portfolio of solutions. Through 60 programmes in a year, the initiatives will empower the community with the know-how for AI adoption with ready-to-deploy platforms and tools for solution development. "As India undergoes digital transformation, the data centre and the intelligence behind the data collected will enable the government and industry to make quick decisions based on algorithms," said Mallya on the margins of Intel's 'AI Day 2017'. The company's Indian subsidiary is collaborating with Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Wipro, Julia Computing and Calligo Technologies for using AI in the country. "Our collaboration with the industry and the academia will help democratise AI, by reducing entry barriers for developers, data scientists and students," noted Mallya. The subsidiary is targeting the BFSI (Banks, Financial Services and Insurance), telecom, and e-commerce sectors, across High Performance Computing (HPC), big data and Internet of Things, which are complementary to AI," added Mallya. The onset of AI-based technology in India is evident in e-commerce and research, where entities using data analytics are looking to explore AI. "Our research groups are working on implementation of evolutionary algorithms in parallel environments and using Intel platforms and software tools to deploy, parallelise and optimise systems," said IIT-Patna Director Pushpak Bhattacharya. With its unified approach, Intel leads the AI computing era through hardware and software designed for building AI applications across industries. Intel's collaboration with companies like Google and is acquisitions, including Saffron, Movidius, Nervana Systems and Mobileye, further its AI capabilities, giving it an edge at a time when embedded computer vision is becoming increasingly important the world over. --IANS fb/lok/vt (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On India | News-ians | Business-economy PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements ad Organizational Change. MIT's Online Program Club ITC - 25% earnings on dining at ITC Hotels Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Start Free* Trading in Share Market for 1st Month Lead Organizations & Change Online Course from MIT Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance 0* Brokerage for 1st Mnth Trading &100% Free* Demat A/c New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Intel bets on India to boost artificial intelligence usage Global chip maker Intel on Tuesday announced a string of initiatives to boost the usage of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in diverse sectors by collaborating with partners and customers across the country. Global chip maker Intel on Tuesday announced a string of initiatives to boost the usage of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in diverse sectors by collaborating with partners and customers across the country. "Our developer education programme will educate 15,000 scientists, developers, analysts and engineers on AI technologies, including Deep Learning and Machine Learning in India," said Intel South Asia Managing Director Praksh Mallya here. AI is a software programme that makes computers and machines think intelligently and faster with more predictability than a human mind. AI is also the main workload in data centres which operate in line with the Moore's Law of computing power doubling every year. By 2020, the industry expects more servers to process data analytics than other workloads and analytics predictors will be built into every application. Intel powers 97 per cent of data centre servers running AI workloads and offers flexible performance-optimised portfolio of solutions. Through 60 programmes in a year, the initiatives will empower the community with the know-how for AI adoption with ready-to-deploy platforms and tools for solution development. "As India undergoes digital transformation, the data centre and the intelligence behind the data collected will enable the government and industry to make quick decisions based on algorithms," said Mallya on the margins of Intel's 'AI Day 2017'. The company's Indian subsidiary is collaborating with Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Wipro, Julia Computing and Calligo Technologies for using AI in the country. "Our collaboration with the industry and the academia will help democratise AI, by reducing entry barriers for developers, data scientists and students," noted Mallya. The subsidiary is targeting the BFSI (Banks, Financial Services and Insurance), telecom, and e-commerce sectors, across High Performance Computing (HPC), big data and Internet of Things, which are complementary to AI," added Mallya. The onset of AI-based technology in India is evident in e-commerce and research, where entities using data analytics are looking to explore AI. "Our research groups are working on implementation of evolutionary algorithms in parallel environments and using Intel platforms and software tools to deploy, parallelise and optimise systems," said IIT-Patna Director Pushpak Bhattacharya. With its unified approach, Intel leads the AI computing era through hardware and software designed for building AI applications across industries. Intel's collaboration with companies like Google and is acquisitions, including Saffron, Movidius, Nervana Systems and Mobileye, further its AI capabilities, giving it an edge at a time when embedded computer vision is becoming increasingly important the world over. --IANS fb/lok/vt (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Intel bets on India to boost artificial intelligence usage Global chip maker Intel on Tuesday announced a string of initiatives to boost the usage of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in diverse sectors by collaborating with partners and customers across the country. "Our developer education programme will educate 15,000 scientists, developers, analysts and engineers on AI technologies, including Deep Learning and Machine Learning in India," said Intel South Asia Managing Director Praksh Mallya here. AI is a software programme that makes computers and machines think intelligently and faster with more predictability than a human mind. AI is also the main workload in data centres which operate in line with the Moore's Law of computing power doubling every year. By 2020, the industry expects more servers to process data analytics than other workloads and analytics predictors will be built into every application. Intel powers 97 per cent of data centre servers running AI workloads and offers flexible performance-optimised portfolio of solutions. Through 60 programmes in a year, the initiatives will empower the community with the know-how for AI adoption with ready-to-deploy platforms and tools for solution development. "As India undergoes digital transformation, the data centre and the intelligence behind the data collected will enable the government and industry to make quick decisions based on algorithms," said Mallya on the margins of Intel's 'AI Day 2017'. The company's Indian subsidiary is collaborating with Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Wipro, Julia Computing and Calligo Technologies for using AI in the country. "Our collaboration with the industry and the academia will help democratise AI, by reducing entry barriers for developers, data scientists and students," noted Mallya. The subsidiary is targeting the BFSI (Banks, Financial Services and Insurance), telecom, and e-commerce sectors, across High Performance Computing (HPC), big data and Internet of Things, which are complementary to AI," added Mallya. The onset of AI-based technology in India is evident in e-commerce and research, where entities using data analytics are looking to explore AI. "Our research groups are working on implementation of evolutionary algorithms in parallel environments and using Intel platforms and software tools to deploy, parallelise and optimise systems," said IIT-Patna Director Pushpak Bhattacharya. With its unified approach, Intel leads the AI computing era through hardware and software designed for building AI applications across industries. Intel's collaboration with companies like Google and is acquisitions, including Saffron, Movidius, Nervana Systems and Mobileye, further its AI capabilities, giving it an edge at a time when embedded computer vision is becoming increasingly important the world over. --IANS fb/lok/vt (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Lenovo X6 Server Architecture Achieves 10 Performance World Records RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, N.C.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Lenovo (SEHK:0992) today announced its industry-leading X6 server platform has established 10 additional industry performance benchmarks, including two new SAP world records as well as a new Java and SPECcpu world record benchmark, bringing its world record total to 34 and continuing the X6 family’s string of number one or world-record benchmarks since its launch in 2014. Designed to deliver maximum performance and uptime for applications and cloud deployments, the Lenovo X6 solutions are ideal for customers who are looking for reliability, manageability and scalability with the flexibility to run Windows or Linux operating systems. Today’s benchmark performance results reflect the company’s mission to help customers transform their data centers by embracing emerging data consumption and delivery models such as cloud-based infrastructure, big data and analytics solutions powered by Lenovo’s x3850 X6 and x3950 X6 server platforms. New world-record result on two-tier SAP Sales and Distribution standard application benchmark on Windows1 Continuing its long-standing history of achieving excellent performance results on SAP standard application benchmarks, the Lenovo System x3950 X6 achieved an outstanding 8-socket world record result on the Windows operating system for the two-tier SAP sales and distribution (SD) standard application benchmark. Designed to test the hardware and database performance of SAP applications and components, the x3950 delivered a 28 percent performance improvement over the previous-generation Lenovo system and a four percent improvement over E7-8890 v4 processors. For customers running SAP Business Suite applications, Lenovo’s latest benchmark result makes it the highest performing server for processing business transaction workflows in an SAP environment. New result on SAP Business Warehouse Edition for SAP HANA standard application benchmark2 Lenovo also posted another world-record result on the SAP Business Warehouse Edition for SAP HANA (SAP BW/4HANA) standard application benchmark. The powerful 4-socket Lenovo system x3850 X6 delivered industry-leadership performance for all three key performance indicators for 1.3 billion records in a single-node setup. The SAP BW/4HANA standard application benchmark is the latest addition to the list of SAP BW benchmarks and its three phases — data load, query throughput and query runtime — aim to fully utilize the new capabilities of SAP HANA to process the benchmark workload. The result was achieved on the Lenovo System x3850, configured with four Intel Xeon processors, SAP HANA 1.0 and SAP NetWeaver 7.5. The Lenovo x3850 X6 provides the enterprise-class reliability and availability needed for business-critical applications running on SAP HANA. Lenovo delivers simple and scalable solutions for SAP HANA and is a worldwide leader in SAP HANA with over 6,800 deployments. New SPEC CPU 2006 benchmark for compute-intensive applications3 Once again, Lenovo has posted a top SPEC CPU2006 benchmark score for the Lenovo System x3850 X6 4U rack server, using two high-performance Intel Xeon Processor E7-8894 v4 with 24 cores. Ideal for measuring multi-threaded compute-intensive applications, such as High Performance Computing (HPC) workloads, the x3850 X6 achieved a leadership SPECint_rate_base2006 score using two Intel Xeon E7-8894 v4 processors, 256 GB of TruDDR4 memory, and SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 12 SP1 (x86_64). New overall world-record result on SPECjbb 2015 Java business benchmark4 Lenovo’s Lenovo System x3850 achieved leadership four-processor (4P) performance results for the SPECjbb2015 Distributed Benchmark. SPECjbb 2015 is a Java Business Benchmark and is the SPEC benchmark used for evaluating the performance of servers running typical Java applications. Using Java HotSpot 64-Bit Server VM (version 1.8.0_111) and SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 12 SP1, the x3850 achieved 224,892 max-jOPS and 75,274 critical-jOPS scores, denoting the x3850 the highest performing server for the latest Java application response time and throughput. Additional benchmark records in business processing, big data analytics and infrastructure virtualization Finally, Lenovo maintains the top spot for an additional six benchmarks across a variety of industry tests including SPECint 20065, SPECfp 20066, SPECvirt 20137,8, STAC-M3 Shasta Suite9 and TPC-E10. Notably, Lenovo’s performance on TPC-E, which measures and compares the performance and price of various On Line Transaction Processing (OLTP) and database systems, established the top four-processor result of 9,068.00 tpsE (transactions per second E) @ $139.85 USD/tpsE, a full 30 percent faster than the performance of the x3850 X6 using the prior generation Intel Xeon E7 v3 processors. 11 This is the best four-processor performance in the industry and joins Lenovo’s current number one 2P12 and number one overall/8P13 performance results to extend Lenovo’s dominance of the TPC-E benchmark and OLTP performance. Quote “With over 30 world record benchmarks achieved this year, today’s results are an excellent testament to Lenovo’s industry-leading X6 server innovation and technology design,” said Kamran Amini, GM, Server and Storage Business Units at Lenovo. “Not only do these performance results demonstrate our ability to continuously improve on our own success, they reinforce Lenovo’s commitment to creating purposeful data center innovation that drives compelling business value for clients and their most demanding workloads and applications.” About Lenovo Lenovo (SEHK:0992) (Pink Sheets:LNVGY) is a $45 billion global Fortune 500 company and a leader in providing innovative consumer, commercial, and enterprise technology. Our portfolio of high-quality, secure products and services covers PCs (including the legendary Think and multimode Yoga brands), workstations, servers, storage, smart TVs and a family of mobile products like smartphones (including the Moto brand), tablets and apps. Join us on LinkedIn, follow us on Facebook or Twitter (@Lenovo) or visit us at http://www.lenovo.com/sg/en. Footnotes 1 Claim based on best-published 8-socket SAP SD Standard Application Benchmark result on Microsoft Windows published at http://global.sap.com/solutions/benchmark as of 7 February 2017. New configuration: 2-tier, 8x Intel Xeon processor E7-8894 v4 (192 cores/384 threads) on Lenovo System x3950 X6 with 2048 GB total memory on Windows Server 2012 R2 Standard Edition using SAP Enhancement Package 5 for SAP ERP 6.0 and IBM DB2 10.1. Benchmark: SAP SD 2-Tier enhancement package 5 for SAP ERP 6.0. Source: Certification #2017002, http://global.sap.com/solutions/benchmark/sd2tier.epx. Score: 77,098 benchmark users. 2 Claim based on best-published SAP BW edition for SAP HANA Standard Application Benchmark @ 1.3 billion initial records result published at http://global.sap.com/solutions/benchmark as of 7 February 2017. New configuration: 4x Intel Xeon processor E7-8894 v4 (96 cores/192 threads) on Lenovo System x3850 X6 with 2048 GB total memory on SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 11 using SAP HANA 1.0, SAP NetWeaver 7.50. Benchmark: SAP BW for SAP HANA @ 1.3B initial records, Source: Certification #2017003, http://www.sap.com/solution/benchmark/appbm/netweaver.sap-bw-edition-for-sap-hana-standard-application.html. Score: Runtime of Data Load/Trans (14,939 secs), Query Executions per Hour (4,273), Runtime of Complex Query (154 seconds). 3 Claim based on best-published two-socket SPECint_rate_base2006 benchmark published at https://www.spec.org/cpu2006/results as of 7 February 2017. New configuration: 1-Node, 2x Intel Xeon processor E7-8894 v4 (24 cores, 48 threads) on Lenovo System x3850 X5 with 256 GB memory on SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 12 SP1, using Version 17.0.0.098 of Intel C/C++ Compiler for Linux, Source: https://www.spec.org/cpu2006/results/res2017q1/cpu2006-20170124-46535.pdf. SPECint_rate_base2006 score 1840. 4 Claim based on best four-socket published SPECjbb2015 Distributed max-jOPS published at https://www.spec.org/jbb2015/results/ as of 7 February 2017. New configuration: 1-Node, 4 x Intel Xeon processor E7-8894 v4 on Lenovo System x3850 X6 with 512 GB total memory on SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 12 SP1 using Java HotSpot 64-bit Server VM, version 1.8.0_111. http://www.spec.org/jbb2015/results/res2017q1/jbb2015-20170118-00140.html. SPECjbb2015 – Distributed scores: 224,892 max-jOPS and 75,274 critical-jOPS 5 Claim based on best-published 8-socket SPECint_base2006 benchmark published at https://www.spec.org/cpu2006/results as of 7 February 2017. New configuration: 1-Node, 8x Intel Xeon processor E7-8891 v4 (10 cores, 20 threads) on Lenovo System x3950 X6 with 1024 GB memory on SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 12 SP1, using Version 16.0.0.101 of Intel C/C++ Studio XE for Linux, Source: https://www.spec.org/cpu2006/results/res2016q3/cpu2006-20160809-43451.pdf. SPECint_base2006 score: 71.1. 6 Claim based on best-published 8-socket SPECfp_base2006 benchmark published at https://www.spec.org/cpu2006/results as of 7 February 2017. New configuration: 1-Node, 8x Intel Xeon processor E7-8891 v4 (10 cores, 20 threads) on Lenovo System x3950 X6 with 1024 GB memory on SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 12 SP1, using Version 16.0.0.101 of Intel C/C++ Studio XE for Linux, Version 16.0.0.101 of Intel Fortran Studio XE for Linux, Source: https://www.spec.org/cpu2006/results/res2016q3/cpu2006-20160809-43447.pdf. SPECfp_base2006 score: 129. 7 Claim based on best-published 8-socket SPECvirt_sc2013 results published at https://www.spec.org/virt_sc2013/results/ as of 7 February 2017. New configuration: 1-Node, 8x Intel Xeon processor E7-8890 v4 on Lenovo System x3950 X6 with 4096 GB total memory on Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7.2 (KVM). Source: https://www.spec.org/virt_sc2013/results/res2016q3/virt_sc2013-20160830-00062-perf.html, SPECvirt_sc2013 score: 8284 @ 462 VMs. 8 Claim based on best-published SPECvirt_sc2013 results published at https://www.spec.org/virt_sc2013/results/ as of 7 February 2017. New configuration: 1-Node, 4x Intel Xeon processor E7-8890 v4 on Lenovo System x3850 X6 with 2048 GB total memory on Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7.2 (KVM). Source: https://www.spec.org/virt_sc2013/results/res2016q3/virt_sc2013-20160913-00063-perf.html, SPECvirt_sc2013 score: 4377 @ 247 VMs. 9 Claim based on best-published STAC-M3 15 world records (Shasta Suite) at http://www.stacresearch.com/m3 as of 7 February 2017. New configuration: 1-Node, 4x Intel Xeon processor E7-8890 v4 on Lenovo System x3850 X6 with 6144 GB total memory on Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7.2-kernel 3.10.0-327 using Kx Systems kdb+ 3.3 software. STAC-M3 Tick Analytics Benchmarks, Shasta Suite (15 of 15 benchmarks required) source: http://www.STACresearch.com/KDB160425. 10 Claim based on best-published four-socket TPC Benchmark E results published at http://www.tpc.org/tpce/results/tpce_perf_results.asp as of 7 February 2017. New configuration: 1-Node, 4x Intel Xeon processor E7-8890 v4 on Lenovo System x3850 X6 with 4096 GB total memory on Windows Server 2012 R2 Standard using SQL Server 2016 Enterprise Edition. Availability: July 31, 2016. Source: http://www.tpc.org/4078. Score: 9,068 tpsE, at a price /performance ratio of $139.85 USD/tpsE. 11 The #1 4P TPC-E performance result using prior generation processors was run on the Lenovo System x3850 X6, as of 7 February 2017. Result details are at: http://www.tpc.org/4072 12 The #1 2P TPC-E performance result is held by the Lenovo System x3650 M5, as of 7 February 2017. Result details are at: http://www.tpc.org/4076 13 The #1 overall world-record TPC-E performance result is held by the eight-processor Lenovo System x3950 X6, as of 7 February 2017. Result details are at: http://www.tpc.org/4075 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Judicial Watch Obtains 695 Pages of Obama IRS Scandal Documents — Records Not Produced in Initial Congressional Investigation Next PostNext Economic Optimism Dips Slightly but Remains in Positive Territory According to Latest IBD/TIPP Poll Search Recent Posts Global Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS) Market by Type, Technology Used, Services, Trends, Geography and Forecast to 2021 Global Influenza Diagnostics Market to Grow at a CAGR Of 8.56% During The Period 2017-2021 Global Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning (HVAC) Chillers Market by Key Players, Products and Production Information Analysis and Forecast to 2021 Global and China Ultra-Fine Aluminum Hydroxide Industry Research Report Driven By Strategies Adopted by Major Industry Players Global and China Ultra-Fine Aluminum Hydroxide Industry Research Report Driven By Strategies Adopted by Major Industry Players Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Making the Switch: Disruptive Telecom White Box Collaboration Accelerates and Opens the Platform, Powering Unprecedented Network Performance and Insights AT&T-led Team Goes from Silicon Fab to Live Trial in 3 Months In the not-too-distant future, when you hail a self-driving car, that car will likely be connected to a network. And that network connection will have to be more than fast. It will have to provide reliable and real-time monitoring of the data flowing from your car to the network and all the other cars around you on the road. If your car receives a command to turn, or stop, or accelerate, it has to be clear that command was sent and received. The level of fine grain data packet telemetry required for that use case will only become more critical as other, similar real-time applications emerge. A new white box switch AT&T* just trialed can help make this a reality. On March 28, AT&T engineers successfully completed what we believe to be a first in the telecom industry: live field trials of a multi-supplier open source white box switch carrying customer traffic. What this means is we used a common, uniform open network operating system across multiple merchant silicon chips to build a piece of network equipment that met our stringent real-world data needs. What’s more, the boxes we tested provided high performance telemetry into our ECOMP platform to monitor the traffic as it zipped from Washington DC to San Francisco. It’s early, but we think this technology could accelerate innovation on almost any device that requires connectivity. It’s like how bringing reliable GPS tracking and navigation to smart phones enabled entirely new applications, and even industries. What’s more, this software capability isn’t hard wired to a particular hardware platform. We can send packets with the same software no matter what chip we’re using. Creating this white box switch was a group effort. Several visionary companies helped us bring it to life. Barefoot Networks, Broadcom, Delta Electronics, Edgecore Networks, Intel Corporation, and SnapRoute provided the standardized hardware and open source software that powered these new network switches. Delta’s Agema AGC7648A switch used Broadcom Qumran silicon chips and the SnapRoute network operating system in one location. A second location used Edgecore’s Wedge 100BF systems built using Barefoot’s 6.5 Tb/s Tofino silicon whose forwarding plane is specified using the P4 open source programming language to perform standard switching and routing and In-band Network Telemetry (INT) functionality. SnapRoute’s open network operating system FlexSwitch was used as the control plane and unifying OS. Intel architecture-based processors ran the SnapRoute operating system that managed the Barefoot and Broadcom chips and the various interfaces on the boxes. “We’re in the early stages of this process, but already we see huge potential for increasing the speed of innovation, lowering costs and, most importantly, staying ahead of the needs of our customers,” said Andre Fuetsch, president of AT&T Labs and chief technology officer, AT&T. “With this trial, we went from using traditional switches the size of multiple refrigerators to a chip that can literally fit in the palm of your hand. We think white box will be a big part of the future of the wide area network.” There is clearly a need for a more efficient switch. Data traffic on our wireless network has grown more than 250,000% since 2007. Self-driving cars, augmented reality and virtual reality, and more will only push those numbers higher as new access technologies like 5G come online. “A high-performance and fully programmable forwarding plane puts the network owner in the driver’s seat,” said Craig Barratt, CEO of Barefoot Networks. “We are excited to see AT&T unlock deep and far-reaching visibility into their production network by using their P4 programs with Tofino and In-band Network Telemetry.” “Broadcom is excited by the accelerated adoption of Jericho and Qumran products into various segments of AT&T’s network,” said Oozie Parizer, senior director, Switch Products Group at Broadcom. “The key to accelerating network innovation is to consistently deliver carrier-grade, high performance, cost and power-effective merchant silicon based solutions.” “The transformation of the network to an open, programmable platform of innovation is key to meeting the demands of the digital services economy,” said Sandra Rivera, vice president and general manager of the Network Platforms Group at Intel. “Intel’s leadership in server, virtualization and cloud technologies is accelerating network virtualization today. Through our contributions to open source, open standards and the enablement of broad ecosystems, we will continue to work with leaders like AT&T to bring new solutions and services to the market more quickly and cost effectively.” “SnapRoute is delighted to collaborate with AT&T on this large scale field trial” said Jason Forrester, CEO and Founder at SnapRoute. “New applications such as streaming video, self-driving cars, and telemedicine are driving network demand like never before. This creates an opportunity for our modular and extensible FlexSwitch software, together with merchant silicon, to give operators much more control of their networks.” These new switches are tightly integrated with the AT&T ECOMP platform. We recently handed off ECOMP to the Linux Foundation to release into open source as the Open Network Automation Platform (ONAP). The industry is quickly adopting ONAP as the standard orchestration platform for software-centric networks. We’re also using our internally-developed TORC packet network control software on these switches. We’re exploring white box options for other network gear, as well. One area we’re testing is replacing the proprietary routers on our cell towers with white box routers. We think we can dramatically increase the capacity on each tower while keeping costs in line. With AT&T’s highly-distributed network of more than 5,000 central offices and more than 60,000 towers, that’s a big deal. “Just as open computer operating systems, like Linux, leveraged community contributions to create newly architected, high-performance operating systems, now the networking ecosystem has reached a similar inflection point,” said Chris Rice, senior vice president, network architecture and design, AT&T. “This allows us to build on a new networking paradigm, one that disaggregates the hardware and software to achieve greater simplicity, and deliver increased performance and speed of innovation.” *AT&T products and services are provided or offered by subsidiaries and affiliates of AT&T Inc. under the AT&T brand and not by AT&T Inc. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsall Post navigation Previous PostPrevious TOTAL GABON : RÉSULTATS 2016 Next PostNext JetBlue Moves Forward With Mint Expansion Plan as Demand Continues to Exceed Expectations Search Recent Posts Global Automotive Resonator Intake Ducts Market by Type, Size, Share, Cost, Revenue, Applications and Forecast 2017-2021 Global Automotive Resonator Intake Ducts Market by Type, Size, Share, Cost, Revenue, Applications and Forecast 2017-2021 Global Automotive Resonator Intake Ducts Market by Type, Size, Share, Cost, Revenue, Applications and Forecast 2017-2021 Global and China Propylene Glycol Methyl Ether Acetate (PMAC) Market Research Reports Includes Most Effective Strategies Adopted by Prominent Players Global and China Propylene Glycol Methyl Ether Acetate (PMAC) Market Research Reports Includes Most Effective Strategies Adopted by Prominent Players Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Making the Switch: Disruptive Telecom White Box Collaboration Accelerates and Opens the Platform, Powering Unprecedented Network Performance and Insights AT&T-led Team Goes from Silicon Fab to Live Trial in 3 Months News provided by AT&T Inc. Apr 04, 2017, 12:00 ET Share this article SAN FRANCISCO, April 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- In the not-too-distant future, when you hail a self-driving car, that car will likely be connected to a network. And that network connection will have to be more than fast. It will have to provide reliable and real-time monitoring of the data flowing from your car to the network and all the other cars around you on the road. If your car receives a command to turn, or stop, or accelerate, it has to be clear that command was sent and received. The level of fine grain data packet telemetry required for that use case will only become more critical as other, similar real-time applications emerge. A new white box switch AT&T* just trialed can help make this a reality. On March 28, AT&T engineers successfully completed what we believe to be a first in the telecom industry: live field trials of a multi-supplier open source white box switch carrying customer traffic. What this means is we used a common, uniform open network operating system across multiple merchant silicon chips to build a piece of network equipment that met our stringent real-world data needs. What's more, the boxes we tested provided high performance telemetry into our ECOMP platform to monitor the traffic as it zipped from Washington DC to San Francisco. It's early, but we think this technology could accelerate innovation on almost any device that requires connectivity. It's like how bringing reliable GPS tracking and navigation to smart phones enabled entirely new applications, and even industries. What's more, this software capability isn't hard wired to a particular hardware platform. We can send packets with the same software no matter what chip we're using. Creating this white box switch was a group effort. Several visionary companies helped us bring it to life. Barefoot Networks, Broadcom, Delta Electronics, Edgecore Networks, Intel Corporation, and SnapRoute provided the standardized hardware and open source software that powered these new network switches. Delta's Agema AGC7648A switch used Broadcom Qumran silicon chips and the SnapRoute network operating system in one location. A second location used Edgecore's Wedge 100BF systems built using Barefoot's 6.5 Tb/s Tofino silicon whose forwarding plane is specified using the P4 open source programming language to perform standard switching and routing and In-band Network Telemetry (INT) functionality. SnapRoute's open network operating system FlexSwitch was used as the control plane and unifying OS. Intel architecture-based processors ran the SnapRoute operating system that managed the Barefoot and Broadcom chips and the various interfaces on the boxes. "We're in the early stages of this process, but already we see huge potential for increasing the speed of innovation, lowering costs and, most importantly, staying ahead of the needs of our customers," said Andre Fuetsch, president of AT&T Labs and chief technology officer, AT&T. "With this trial, we went from using traditional switches the size of multiple refrigerators to a chip that can literally fit in the palm of your hand. We think white box will be a big part of the future of the wide area network." There is clearly a need for a more efficient switch. Data traffic on our wireless network has grown more than 250,000% since 2007. Self-driving cars, augmented reality and virtual reality, and more will only push those numbers higher as new access technologies like 5G come online. "A high-performance and fully programmable forwarding plane puts the network owner in the driver's seat," said Craig Barratt, CEO of Barefoot Networks. "We are excited to see AT&T unlock deep and far-reaching visibility into their production network by using their P4 programs with Tofino and In-band Network Telemetry." "Broadcom is excited by the accelerated adoption of Jericho and Qumran products into various segments of AT&T's network," said Oozie Parizer, senior director, Switch Products Group at Broadcom. "The key to accelerating network innovation is to consistently deliver carrier-grade, high performance, cost and power-effective merchant silicon based solutions." "The transformation of the network to an open, programmable platform of innovation is key to meeting the demands of the digital services economy," said Sandra Rivera, vice president and general manager of the Network Platforms Group at Intel. "Intel's leadership in server, virtualization and cloud technologies is accelerating network virtualization today. Through our contributions to open source, open standards and the enablement of broad ecosystems, we will continue to work with leaders like AT&T to bring new solutions and services to the market more quickly and cost effectively." "SnapRoute is delighted to collaborate with AT&T on this large scale field trial," said Jason Forrester, CEO and Founder at SnapRoute. "New applications such as streaming video, self-driving cars, and telemedicine are driving network demand like never before. This creates an opportunity for our modular and extensible FlexSwitch software, together with merchant silicon, to give operators much more control of their networks." These new switches are tightly integrated with the AT&T ECOMP platform. We recently handed off ECOMP to the Linux Foundation to release into open source as the Open Network Automation Platform (ONAP). The industry is quickly adopting ONAP as the standard orchestration platform for software-centric networks. We're also using our internally-developed TORC packet network control software on these switches. We're exploring white box options for other network gear, as well. One area we're testing is replacing the proprietary routers on our cell towers with white box routers. We think we can dramatically increase the capacity on each tower while keeping costs in line. With AT&T's highly-distributed network of more than 5,000 central offices and more than 60,000 towers, that's a big deal. "Just as open computer operating systems, like Linux, leveraged community contributions to create newly architected, high-performance operating systems, now the networking ecosystem has reached a similar inflection point," said Chris Rice, senior vice president, network architecture and design, AT&T. "This allows us to build on a new networking paradigm, one that disaggregates the hardware and software to achieve greater simplicity, and deliver increased performance and speed of innovation." *AT&T products and services are provided or offered by subsidiaries and affiliates of AT&T Inc. under the AT&T brand and not by AT&T Inc. About AT&T AT&T Inc. (NYSE: T) helps millions around the globe connect with leading entertainment, business, mobile and high speed internet services. We offer the nation's best data network* and the best global coverage of any U.S. wireless provider.** We're one of the world's largest providers of pay TV. We have TV customers in the U.S. and 11 Latin American countries. Nearly 3.5 million companies, from small to large businesses around the globe, turn to AT&T for our highly secure smart solutions.  Additional information about AT&T products and services is available at about.att.com. Follow our news on Twitter at @ATT, on Facebook at facebook.com/att and YouTube at youtube.com/att. © 2017 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. AT&T, the Globe logo and other marks are trademarks and service marks of AT&T Intellectual Property and/or AT&T affiliated companies. All other marks contained herein are the property of their respective owners. *Claim based on the Nielsen Certified Data Network Score. Score includes data reported by wireless consumers in the Nielsen Mobile Insights survey, network measurements from Nielsen Mobile Performance and Nielsen Drive Test Benchmarks for Q3+Q4 2016 across 121 markets. **Global coverage claim based on offering discounted voice and data roaming; LTE roaming; and voice roaming in more countries than any other U.S. based carrier. International service required. Coverage not available in all areas. Coverage may vary per country and be limited/restricted in some countries.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/making-the-switch-disruptive-telecom-white-box-collaboration-accelerates-and-opens-the-platform-powering-unprecedented-network-performance-and-insights-300434291.html SOURCE AT&T Inc. Related Links http://www.att.com Apr 04, 2017, 09:30 ET Preview: AT&T and Maxwell Air Force Base Pilot IoT Connected "Smart Base" My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Apr 04, 2017, 09:30 ETAT&T and Maxwell Air Force Base Pilot IoT Connected "Smart Base" Apr 03, 2017, 09:30 ETAT&T Sharpens Focus on Global Public Sector across Federal, State... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Carriers and Services Networks You just read: Making the Switch: Disruptive Telecom White Box Collaboration Accelerates and Opens the Platform, Powering Unprecedented Network Performance and Insights News provided by AT&T Inc. Apr 04, 2017, 12:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Intel Wins Suit Over Use of Alternative Investments | PLANSPONSOR
 Menu Home Latest News Dash News By Topic Administration Benefits Investing Deals and People Products Compliance Data and research Participants Navigation Latest News Awards Research Thought Leadership Latest Events Video Subscribe to PLANSPONSOR Tap here to close Newsletter Latest Newsdash LATEST (b)LINES Newsdash ARCHIVE (b)LINES ARCHIVE Newsdash Weekend ARCHIVE Subscribe Magazine Latest Issue Past Issues Subscribe to PS Home News & Columns News Topics Latest News Administration Plan Design, Operations, Outsourcing Benefits HR, Health Care, Post-Retirement Investing Economic Commentary, Investment Trends, Market Insights Deals and People Business Wins, Job Changes, Mergers and Acquisitions Products Investments, Platform Enhancements, Tools and Services Compliance Court Decisions, Legislation, Regulations Data and research Industry Trends, Plan Benchmarks, Statistics Participants Attitudes and Behavior, Education and Advice Awards 2016 PLANSPONSOR Retirement Plan Adviser of the Year 2016 PLANSPONSOR Plan Sponsors of the Year Columns Industry Voices Second Opinions Ask the Experts: (b)Lines Survey Says Awards Research SURVEYS BUYERS GUIDE Thought Leadership Events & Webcasts Video Search Compliance Intel Wins Suit Over Use of Alternative Investments A court found the plaintiff in the case had actual knowledge of the facts comprising his claims more than three years before he filed suit. By Rebecca Moore editors@plansponsor.com | April 04, 2017 Page 1 of 2 View Full Article A federal district court judge has found that claims against Intel Corporation’s Investment Policy Committee for its retirement plans is time-barred under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act’s (ERISA)’s three-year statute of limitations. Christopher M. Sulyma filed a lawsuit on behalf of two proposed classes of participants in the Intel 401(k) Savings Plan and the Intel Retirement Contribution Plan, claiming that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties by investing a significant portion of the plans’ assets in risky and high-cost hedge fund and private equity investments through custom-built target-date funds.            The lawsuit says the Intel custom-built funds have underperformed peer funds by approximately 400 basis points annually. The lawsuit claims automatic enrollment and a reenrollment of existing participants resulted in more than two-thirds of participants being allocated to custom-built investments. It goes into great detail about why the plaintiffs believe hedge funds and private equity funds are inappropriate investments for ERISA retirement plans. Intel defendants moved for summary judgment on all of Sulyma’s claims, arguing that the claims are time-barred under the statute of limitations. U.S. Magistrate Judge Nathanael M. Cousins of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California noted that the key issue is whether Sulyma had actual knowledge of the underlying facts constituting his claim within three years of filing his lawsuit. Sulyma brought six claims: claims I and III allege the Investment Committee defendants breached their fiduciary duties by over-allocating the assets of the 401(k) Plan and Retirement Plan to hedge fund, private equity, and other alternative investments. Claims II and IV allege the Administrative Committee defendants breached their fiduciary duties by failing to disclose required information about the funds. Claim V alleges that the Finance Committee defendants breached their fiduciary duties by failing to monitor the Investment Committee and Administrative Committee. Claim VI alleges that each defendant has derivative liability for the actions of the other defendants. “Because there is no genuine dispute of material fact that Sulyma had actual knowledge of the facts comprising claims I and III, as well as knowledge of the disclosures he alleges were unlawfully inadequate in claims II and IV, the Court grants defendants’ motion for summary judgment on those claims, finding them time-barred,” Cousins wrote in his opinion. “Without live primary claims, the Court also grants summary judgment on Sulyma’s derivative duty to monitor and co-fiduciary liability claims (claims V and VI).” NEXT: When Sulyma had actual knowledge Prev 1 2 Next View Full Article Tagged: Alternative-Investments, Litigation, Target-Date, related articles related research most e-mailed UpFront Accessing Real Estate From plansponsor.com Intel Wins Suit Over Use of Alternative Investments State Street Teams With FIS to Distribute Private Equity Index Can President Trump’s Economic Plans Boost Real Assets in DC Space? Investment Products and Services Launches Millennials Could Drive More ESG Investing Market Environment Means a New Take on Diversification UpFront Accessing Real Estate From plansponsor.com 2016 PLANSPONSOR DC Survey: Plan Benchmarking 2016 Defined Contribution Survey 2016 Third–Party Administrator Buyer’s Guide 2016 PLANSPONSOR Stock Plan Administration Buyer's Guide 2016 PLANSPONSOR THIRD-PARTY ADMINISTRATOR SURVEY 2016 Recordkeeping Survey UpFront Accessing Real Estate From plansponsor.com Boomers Running Out of Time to Save for Retirement How to Encourage HSA Use High Court Hears Oral Arguments in Church Plan Cases Patience Needed With Financial Education Programs Taxation of Retirement Accounts Is On the Table go to news topic SPONSORED MESSAGES Get PLANSPONSOR Email * * NewsDash (i) PLANSPONSOR’s Newsdash: The industry’s leading daily source for information focused on the critical issues impacting benefits industry professionals. (b)lines(i) PLANSPONSOR's (b)lines: The newsletter designed to help 403(b) plan managers and advisers stay on top of the fast moving changes and developments in this evolving market. Thought Leadership(i) PLANSPONSOR’s Thought Leadership: Monthly round-up of sponsored thought-leadership Q&As, interviews and videos. Most popular Most Read Most E-mailed 1 Data and ResearchBoomers Running Out of Time to Save for Retirement 2 BenefitsHow to Encourage HSA Use 3 ComplianceTaxation of Retirement Accounts Is On the Table 4 Research2016 Recordkeeping Survey 5 Compliance401k Nondiscrimination Tests Explained 1 Data and ResearchBoomers Running Out of Time to Save for Retirement 2 BenefitsHow to Encourage HSA Use 3 ComplianceHigh Court Hears Oral Arguments in Church Plan Cases 4 Data and ResearchPatience Needed With Financial Education Programs 5 ComplianceTaxation of Retirement Accounts Is On the Table Upcoming Events PLANSPONSOR/PLANADVISER Awards for Excellence Dinner The annual networking event to celebrate the accomplishments of t... More Events Thought Leadership Roundtables Longer Lives, Larger Financial NeedsSponsored by Pacific Life Protecting Participant BenefitsSponsored by MetLife Forward ThinkingSponsored by Empower Powerful Partners Focused On True Retirement ReadinessSponsored by Voya More Thought Leadership Plansponsor Interview Spotlight PNC Retirement Solutions Embraces Fiduciary RoleSponsored by PNC Retirement Solutions More videos Home Administration H/R Benefits Investing Deals and People Products Compliance Data and research Participants News & Columns Events & webcasts Research Video Newsletter Thought Leadership Magazine view desktop versionBack To Top FOLLOW PS PLANSPONSOR News & Columns Research Thought Leadership Events & Webcasts Video Newsletters NewsDash (b)Lines Thought Leadership About PS About PS Contact Us Team Subscriber Services Media Kit Reprints & Permissions GO TO STRATEGIC INSIGHT Latest issue March 2017 Best in Class 401(k) Plans 2017 get access to plansponsor everywhere Download the app Plansponsor.com is optimized for Subscribe to the print edition Looking for Subscriber Services? get the digital edition Learn more about the digital edition BrightScope CIO FWW Global Custodian Investor Economics LiquidMetrix Market Metrics Matrix Solutions PLANADVISER Plan For Life PLANSPONSOR Simfund The Trade Copyright ©2017 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction Without Prior Authorizations.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Barefoot partners with AT&T and SnapRoute to deploy revolutionary forwarding plane programmability into high-speed networks World’s first real-time path and latency visualization, and 100Gb/s microburst detection and correction with Intel Silicon Photonics for 6.5Tb/s data center and service provider deployments to be showcased at Open Networking Summit 2017 PALO ALTO, CA–(Marketwired – Apr 4, 2017) – At the Open Networking Summit (ONS) April 3-6, Barefoot Networks will showcase the most detailed visibility into networks ever seen. The demonstrations will run on Barefoot’s 6.5Tb/s Tofino™ switch, the world’s fastest and P4™ programmable switch chip that has been sampling to customers since Q4 2016. Barefoot will demonstrate how Tofino can be deployed in networks to enable fine-grained visibility to detect and fix performance issues caused by a host of problems including path and latency variations as well as „microbursts” at port speeds up to 100Gb/s. AT&T has partnered with Barefoot and SnapRoute to enable this deep and far-reaching visibility into its production network using Tofino and In-band Network Telemetry (INT). In an example of the speed and efficiency enabled by Tofino and P4, AT&T’s idea of gaining this packet-by-packet and real-time visibility went from whiteboard to production deployment in a matter of weeks. Barefoot has also collaborated with Intel to create a new reference platform using the 6.5Tb/s Tofino based Wedge 100B switches and Intel® Silicon Photonics CWDM4 and PSM4 100G optical modules. The reference platform, available today, is a validated solution for reliable and efficient transport of multiple terabits of traffic, allowing data center operators to easily upgrade to more than double the bandwidth of their existing networking equipment.1 Real-time Path and Latency Visualization: ONS attendees will get a chance to see first-hand the trailblazing visibility enabled by Tofino and INT in AT&T’s network. This demo mimics the live trial performed by AT&T sending customer traffic between Washington, D.C. and San Francisco in their production network on March 28. This trial used Tofino-based 6.5 Tb/s Wedge 100B switches running SnapRoute’s FlexSwitch software enabling INT for MPLS Tunneled packets giving it fine-grain, instantaneous visibility into packets’ path and latency. „SnapRoute is delighted to partner with Barefoot Networks in bringing revolutionary visibility into AT&T’s production network,” said Jason Forrester, CEO and Founder at SnapRoute. „Our modular and extensible FlexSwitch software together with Barefoot’s P4 programmable Tofino silicon are unleashing functionality that was never before possible in the forwarding plane, giving full control of the networking stack to the network owners.” Another problem that is a bane to the network operators is „microbursts.” It is extremely hard to detect microbursts in real-time; these are brief but disastrous spikes in traffic causing packet drops or jitter. Microbursts only get harder to spot as networks scale to carry more traffic at port speeds of 100Gb/s, and as more traffic moves to the public cloud, including service-providers deploying NFV in data centers. With Tofino and INT, you can not only see these microbursts in real-time, but also identify the offending traffic flow or application. With the culprit identified, corrective action can be taken depending on the signature of the failure — whether it is application misbehavior or human configuration error. Real-time 100Gb/s Microburst Detection and Correction: In this demonstration, Barefoot will visualize real-time per-packet queue occupancy levels using INT on the new Barefoot-Intel reference platform with two fully-populated Wedge 100B switches. The advanced telemetry is achieved while also running the typical forwarding features found in a data center top-of-rack switch to nanosecond precision. This allows for real-time detection of microbursts, giving the necessary information for network owners to identify the offending application and take corrective action. „Barefoot is leading the way into the future of networking by delivering programmability and performance without compromise to the users of its trailblazing technology,” said Craig Barratt, CEO of Barefoot Networks. „Barefoot’s Tofino programmable switch delivers precise and real-time network telemetry information needed to detect and correct problems in the fastest networks, right down to the nanosecond.” „The exponential increase in data center traffic is driving the need for high-speed, power-efficient and reliable connectivity solutions,” said Alexis Bjorlin, VP Data Center Group & GM Connectivity Group at Intel. „Barefoot’s fully programmable 6.5 Tb/s Tofino-based Wedge 100B switch, together with our high-volume 100G silicon photonics optical modules, gives network operators and cloud service providers the ability to upgrade their existing equipment and benefit from the high bandwidth and advanced telemetry provided by this solution.” Announced in June 2016, Barefoot Networks’ Tofino Ethernet switch ASICs and Capilano SDE remove the last barrier to full network programmability by opening the forwarding plane, enabling full and granular control of the networking stack down to the packets flowing on the wire. Its first Tofino chips were delivered to customers in Q4 2016 and the company continues to add industry leaders to its growing network of partners. Meet Barefoot at ONS 2017 In its sixth year, ONS brings together enterprises, carriers and cloud service providers to share best practices, highlight innovation and discuss the future of open networking. To connect with Barefoot Networks at ONS 2017, find them at booth #124 or arrange a meeting by contacting info@barefootnetworks.com. 1Performance disclaimer: 2x bandwidth claim is based on maximum theoretical throughput of 6.5Tb/s vs. current generation 3.2Tb/s Ethernet switches. About Barefoot Networks Barefoot Networks launched in 2016 after two years of developing the most programmable and — at 6.5Terabits/second — the fastest switches ever built; twice as fast as the previous on record. By enabling organizations to define the network forwarding plane in software, Barefoot empowers network owners and their infrastructure partners to design, optimize, and innovate to meet their specific requirements and gain competitive advantage. In combining the P4 programming language with fast programmable switches, Barefoot has also created an ecosystem for compilers, tools, and P4 programs to make P4 accessible to anybody. Barefoot’s founders — Pat Bosshart, Martin Izzard, Dan Lenoski, Nick McKeown — bring the company more than 100 years of experience in building the fastest and biggest networking systems in the world. Backed by Google Inc., Goldman Sachs Principal Strategic Investments, Alibaba, Tencent and by premier venture capital firms Sequoia Capital, Lightspeed Venture Partners, and Andreessen Horowitz, Barefoot Networks is headquartered in Silicon Valley. For more information, visit http://www.barefootnetworks.com. Follow us on Twitter: @barefootnetwork. Follow us on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/barefootnetworks Barefoot Networks, the Foot Logo and Tofino are trademarks of Barefoot Networks. Intel is a registered trademark of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Corel Announces New Executive Appointments Next PostNext GTX Corp Reports 2016 Financial Results and Business Overview Search Recent Posts IQF Fruits and Vegetables Market,2015-2025 by Segmentation Based on Product, Application and Region Shock Wave Therapy Devices Sales Market Report 2017-2022 Focuses On Top Companies, Research Methodology, Drivers and Opportunities Progressing Cavity Pumps Sales Market 2022: New Business Opportunities for Manufactures to Upsurge in Coming Years APAC Broadcasting Equipment Market to be Worth US $5,104.8 Million by 2024 Prenatal Vitamins Supplements Sales Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Barefoot Networks April 04, 2017 12:10 ET Barefoot partners with AT&T and SnapRoute to deploy revolutionary forwarding plane programmability into high-speed networks World's first real-time path and latency visualization, and 100Gb/s microburst detection and correction with Intel Silicon Photonics for 6.5Tb/s data center and service provider deployments to be showcased at Open Networking Summit 2017 PALO ALTO, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 4, 2017) - At the Open Networking Summit (ONS) April 3-6, Barefoot Networks will showcase the most detailed visibility into networks ever seen. The demonstrations will run on Barefoot's 6.5Tb/s Tofino™ switch, the world's fastest and P4™ programmable switch chip that has been sampling to customers since Q4 2016. Barefoot will demonstrate how Tofino can be deployed in networks to enable fine-grained visibility to detect and fix performance issues caused by a host of problems including path and latency variations as well as "microbursts" at port speeds up to 100Gb/s. AT&T has partnered with Barefoot and SnapRoute to enable this deep and far-reaching visibility into its production network using Tofino and In-band Network Telemetry (INT). In an example of the speed and efficiency enabled by Tofino and P4, AT&T's idea of gaining this packet-by-packet and real-time visibility went from whiteboard to production deployment in a matter of weeks. Barefoot has also collaborated with Intel to create a new reference platform using the 6.5Tb/s Tofino based Wedge 100B switches and Intel® Silicon Photonics CWDM4 and PSM4 100G optical modules. The reference platform, available today, is a validated solution for reliable and efficient transport of multiple terabits of traffic, allowing data center operators to easily upgrade to more than double the bandwidth of their existing networking equipment.1 Real-time Path and Latency Visualization: ONS attendees will get a chance to see first-hand the trailblazing visibility enabled by Tofino and INT in AT&T's network. This demo mimics the live trial performed by AT&T sending customer traffic between Washington, D.C. and San Francisco in their production network on March 28. This trial used Tofino-based 6.5 Tb/s Wedge 100B switches running SnapRoute's FlexSwitch software enabling INT for MPLS Tunneled packets giving it fine-grain, instantaneous visibility into packets' path and latency. "SnapRoute is delighted to partner with Barefoot Networks in bringing revolutionary visibility into AT&T's production network," said Jason Forrester, CEO and Founder at SnapRoute. "Our modular and extensible FlexSwitch software together with Barefoot's P4 programmable Tofino silicon are unleashing functionality that was never before possible in the forwarding plane, giving full control of the networking stack to the network owners." Another problem that is a bane to the network operators is "microbursts." It is extremely hard to detect microbursts in real-time; these are brief but disastrous spikes in traffic causing packet drops or jitter. Microbursts only get harder to spot as networks scale to carry more traffic at port speeds of 100Gb/s, and as more traffic moves to the public cloud, including service-providers deploying NFV in data centers. With Tofino and INT, you can not only see these microbursts in real-time, but also identify the offending traffic flow or application. With the culprit identified, corrective action can be taken depending on the signature of the failure -- whether it is application misbehavior or human configuration error. Real-time 100Gb/s Microburst Detection and Correction: In this demonstration, Barefoot will visualize real-time per-packet queue occupancy levels using INT on the new Barefoot-Intel reference platform with two fully-populated Wedge 100B switches. The advanced telemetry is achieved while also running the typical forwarding features found in a data center top-of-rack switch to nanosecond precision. This allows for real-time detection of microbursts, giving the necessary information for network owners to identify the offending application and take corrective action. "Barefoot is leading the way into the future of networking by delivering programmability and performance without compromise to the users of its trailblazing technology," said Craig Barratt, CEO of Barefoot Networks. "Barefoot's Tofino programmable switch delivers precise and real-time network telemetry information needed to detect and correct problems in the fastest networks, right down to the nanosecond." "The exponential increase in data center traffic is driving the need for high-speed, power-efficient and reliable connectivity solutions," said Alexis Bjorlin, VP Data Center Group & GM Connectivity Group at Intel. "Barefoot's fully programmable 6.5 Tb/s Tofino-based Wedge 100B switch, together with our high-volume 100G silicon photonics optical modules, gives network operators and cloud service providers the ability to upgrade their existing equipment and benefit from the high bandwidth and advanced telemetry provided by this solution." Announced in June 2016, Barefoot Networks' Tofino Ethernet switch ASICs and Capilano SDE remove the last barrier to full network programmability by opening the forwarding plane, enabling full and granular control of the networking stack down to the packets flowing on the wire. Its first Tofino chips were delivered to customers in Q4 2016 and the company continues to add industry leaders to its growing network of partners. Meet Barefoot at ONS 2017 In its sixth year, ONS brings together enterprises, carriers and cloud service providers to share best practices, highlight innovation and discuss the future of open networking. To connect with Barefoot Networks at ONS 2017, find them at booth #124 or arrange a meeting by contacting info@barefootnetworks.com. 1 Performance disclaimer: 2x bandwidth claim is based on maximum theoretical throughput of 6.5Tb/s vs. current generation 3.2Tb/s Ethernet switches. About Barefoot Networks Barefoot Networks launched in 2016 after two years of developing the most programmable and -- at 6.5Terabits/second -- the fastest switches ever built; twice as fast as the previous on record. By enabling organizations to define the network forwarding plane in software, Barefoot empowers network owners and their infrastructure partners to design, optimize, and innovate to meet their specific requirements and gain competitive advantage. In combining the P4 programming language with fast programmable switches, Barefoot has also created an ecosystem for compilers, tools, and P4 programs to make P4 accessible to anybody. Barefoot's founders -- Pat Bosshart, Martin Izzard, Dan Lenoski, Nick McKeown -- bring the company more than 100 years of experience in building the fastest and biggest networking systems in the world. Backed by Google Inc., Goldman Sachs Principal Strategic Investments, Alibaba, Tencent and by premier venture capital firms Sequoia Capital, Lightspeed Venture Partners, and Andreessen Horowitz, Barefoot Networks is headquartered in Silicon Valley. For more information, visit http://www.barefootnetworks.com. Follow us on Twitter: @barefootnetwork. Follow us on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/barefootnetworks Barefoot Networks, the Foot Logo and Tofino are trademarks of Barefoot Networks. Intel is a registered trademark of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. Contact Information MEDIA CONTACTS: Barefoot Networks: Gary Good Phone: +1-707-837-1718 Email: Email Contact Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Barefoot Networks From this industry Computers and Software From this sub-industry Hardware Internet Networking Security Software Big Data Peripherals See all RSS Newsfeeds   Highlighted Links Barefoot Networks website Barefoot Networks Tofino programmable silicon switch chip   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Search the TechTarget Network Join CW+ Login Register News In Depth Opinion Premium Content E-zine Cookies RSS Technology Business Cloud Computing Services View All Cloud Computing Standards Cloud Platforms Hybrid Cloud Architecture Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) Managed IT Services Managed Print Services Private Cloud Architecture Public Cloud Architecture Data Storage Services View All Data Protection and Data Backup Services Data Storage Hardware Enterprise Storage Management Network Attached Storage (NAS) Solutions and Services Storage Area Network (SAN) Solutions and Services Storage Regulatory Compliance Services Storage Virtualisation Solutions and Services Storage-as-a-Service Enterprise Hardware View All Audio Visual (AV) Solutions Business Laptops Business Smartphones Business Tablets Desktop PCs Print Cartridges and Consumables Printers Servers Information Security Services View All Antivirus Solutions and Services Data Protection Services Firewall Solutions and Services Identity Management Solutions and Services Remote Access Security Security Network Services Threat Management Solutions and Services Networking and Telecommunications View All Local Area Network (LAN) Services Mobile Services Network Infrastructure Solutions and Services Network Services Network Virtualisation Small Business Networks Telephony Services Unified Communications (UC) Services Virtual Private Network (VPN) Services Voice over IP (VoIP) Services Wide Area Network (WAN) Services Wireless Networks Software Applications and Services View All Business Intelligence Tools and Services Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Services Enterprise Resource Management (ERP) Services Independent Software Vendor (ISV) community Microsoft Windows Services Open Source Software Services Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Applications Please select a category Cloud Computing Services Data Storage Services Enterprise Hardware Information Security Services Networking and Telecommunications Software Applications and Services Managing Your Business Channel Partner Programmes Finance and Credit Sales and Customer Management Salesforce Management Follow: tashatuvango - Fotolia Reborn McAfee looking to generate more channel opportunities Simon Quicke Microscope Editor McAfee's return to the security market as a standalone company should be good for the firm's loyal channel partners This Article Covers Data Protection Services RELATED TOPICS Antivirus Solutions and Services Firewall Solutions and Services Identity Management Solutions and Services Remote Access Security Security Network Services Threat Management Solutions and Services Sections Share this item with your network: Related Content McAfee re-established as independent cyber security ... – ComputerWeekly McAfee Total Protection for Data Loss Prevention: ... – SearchSecurity McAfee adds program tier to Security Innovation ... – SearchITChannel Latest News Cloud Distribution launches broker service FAST calls on SAM specialists to start whistle blowing HPE partners ready for rebate changes View All News Download MicroScope In The Current Issue: Channel alerted to public sector security skills gap Channel putting more muscle into apprenticeship schemes Could a more diverse workforce help us communicate better? Download Current Issue The reborn McAfee is hoping that its move away from Intel will give the firm the chance to be more dynamic and generate a greater number of partner opportunities. Some in the channel never quite got used to calling Intel Security and they can be comfortable once again using the McAfee moniker. Intel bought McAfee for $7.7bn back in 2010 and announced last September that it had agreed to sell its stake to TPG Capital for $4.2bn. Thoma Bravo has also become an investor through an agreement with TPG and former Intel Security general manager Christopher Young has been named McAfee CEO. For the channel most of these events have been expected and the firm is sticking with a current partner programme that runs through until 2018. There is also going to be a consistent approach on the technology front with McAfee committing to stick with existing product plans.  "We have been very transparent about the product roadmap and development and it is exactly as is," said David Small, EMEA vice president channel at McAfee. Where the channel should see change is around the way McAfee reacts to threats and creates opportunities for partners. "The evolution into the new McAfee will create more opportunities and there will be a new dynaism," he added. The advantage that the firm has is a well established and loyal channel and a brand that is already well known by partners and customers. "We have a very well established partner ecosystem and the feedback has been positive," Small added.  The vendor might look at the experience of SonicWall, which has seen a surge of channel interest since it came out of Dell. "We are getting excited about it because it does create some interesting opportunities and a chance to look at some stuff we haven't done before," said Small. His hopes about the future were echoed by the new CEO who also shared the same thoughts about what could lie ahead. “As a standalone company with a clear purpose, McAfee gains the agility to unite people, technology and organizations against our common adversaries and ensure our technology-driven future is safe," said Young. MicroScope+ Content Find more MicroScope+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Zine MicroScope: January 2017 E-Zine MicroScope: Dash to Flash E-Zine MicroScope: Opportunities in the printer market Read more on Data Protection Services All News In Depth Opinion WatchGuard finds old security threats still cause headaches Veritas hands channel GDPR solution Datto puts the focus on ransomware as it kicks off global partner programme Channel alerted to public sector security skills gap Load More View All WatchGuard finds old security threats still cause headaches Veritas hands channel GDPR solution Datto puts the focus on ransomware as it kicks off global partner programme UKFast adds public sector security depth with S-IA buy Load More View All News Five minute interview: Mark Gibson, Bloxx Five Minute Interview: Robert Farmer, Barracuda Networks Five Minute Interview: Ross Baker, AppRiver Five Minute Interview: Graham O'Reilly, EveryCloud Load More View All In Depth Why IT teams need to lock down IoT endpoints Why 2018 will be a watershed for encryption market The security hole in health tracking plans Nadella the agent for change Load More View All Opinion Start the conversation 0 comments Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Computer Weekly IT Channel ComputerWeekly CIO interview: Jason Caplin, Barnardo's Chief digital officer Jason Caplin is at the helm of the charity’s plans to create a shared data platform, aiming to improve ... DataWorks 17: Hortonworks promotes maturity of HDP upgrade Hadoop distributor leads on an upgrade to its Hortonworks Data Platform at the DataWorks 2017 Summit in Munich VMware to sell vCloud Air service and datacentre infrastructure to OVH French IaaS challenger to take over the reins of global vCloud Air hybrid cloud service SearchITChannel Cloudian launches beefed-up Hyperstore 400 object storage box Object store specialist packs nearly a TB into 4U of rackspace in appliances with S3 and file access aimed at service providers, ... SonicWall partner initiatives see strong growth following Dell spinout Security vendor SonicWall has unveiled new partner training and marketing programs that take aim at SMB cybersecurity threats; ... Extreme sows uncertainty with Brocade acquisition Extreme is expected to face challenges in unifying its acquisition-fed product portfolio, which grew more complex with the recent... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Our Use of Cookies Tips Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Archive Site Map Events E-Products All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2008 - 2017, TechTarget Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Making the Switch: Disruptive Telecom White Box Collaboration Accelerates and Opens the Platform, Powering Unprecedented Network Performance and Insights SAN FRANCISCO, April 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — In the not-too-distant future, when you hail a self-driving car, that car will likely be connected to a network. And that network connection will have to be more than fast. It will have to provide reliable and real-time monitoring of the data flowing from your car to the network and all the other cars around you on the road. If your car receives a command to turn, or stop, or accelerate, it has to be clear that command was sent and received. The level of fine grain data packet telemetry required for that use case will only become more critical as other, similar real-time applications emerge. A new white box switch AT&T* just trialed can help make this a reality. On March 28, AT&T engineers successfully completed what we believe to be a first in the telecom industry: live field trials of a multi-supplier open source white box switch carrying customer traffic. What this means is we used a common, uniform open network operating system across multiple merchant silicon chips to build a piece of network equipment that met our stringent real-world data needs. What’s more, the boxes we tested provided high performance telemetry into our ECOMP platform to monitor the traffic as it zipped from Washington DC to San Francisco. It’s early, but we think this technology could accelerate innovation on almost any device that requires connectivity. It’s like how bringing reliable GPS tracking and navigation to smart phones enabled entirely new applications, and even industries. What’s more, this software capability isn’t hard wired to a particular hardware platform. We can send packets with the same software no matter what chip we’re using. Creating this white box switch was a group effort. Several visionary companies helped us bring it to life. Barefoot Networks, Broadcom, Delta Electronics, Edgecore Networks, Intel Corporation, and SnapRoute provided the standardized hardware and open source software that powered these new network switches. Delta’s Agema AGC7648A switch used Broadcom Qumran silicon chips and the SnapRoute network operating system in one location. A second location used Edgecore’s Wedge 100BF systems built using Barefoot’s 6.5 Tb/s Tofino silicon whose forwarding plane is specified using the P4 open source programming language to perform standard switching and routing and In-band Network Telemetry (INT) functionality. SnapRoute’s open network operating system FlexSwitch was used as the control plane and unifying OS. Intel architecture-based processors ran the SnapRoute operating system that managed the Barefoot and Broadcom chips and the various interfaces on the boxes. „We’re in the early stages of this process, but already we see huge potential for increasing the speed of innovation, lowering costs and, most importantly, staying ahead of the needs of our customers,” said Andre Fuetsch, president of AT&T Labs and chief technology officer, AT&T. „With this trial, we went from using traditional switches the size of multiple refrigerators to a chip that can literally fit in the palm of your hand. We think white box will be a big part of the future of the wide area network.” There is clearly a need for a more efficient switch. Data traffic on our wireless network has grown more than 250,000% since 2007. Self-driving cars, augmented reality and virtual reality, and more will only push those numbers higher as new access technologies like 5G come online. „A high-performance and fully programmable forwarding plane puts the network owner in the driver’s seat,” said Craig Barratt, CEO of Barefoot Networks. „We are excited to see AT&T unlock deep and far-reaching visibility into their production network by using their P4 programs with Tofino and In-band Network Telemetry.” „Broadcom is excited by the accelerated adoption of Jericho and Qumran products into various segments of AT&T’s network,” said Oozie Parizer, senior director, Switch Products Group at Broadcom. „The key to accelerating network innovation is to consistently deliver carrier-grade, high performance, cost and power-effective merchant silicon based solutions.” „The transformation of the network to an open, programmable platform of innovation is key to meeting the demands of the digital services economy,” said Sandra Rivera, vice president and general manager of the Network Platforms Group at Intel. „Intel’s leadership in server, virtualization and cloud technologies is accelerating network virtualization today. Through our contributions to open source, open standards and the enablement of broad ecosystems, we will continue to work with leaders like AT&T to bring new solutions and services to the market more quickly and cost effectively.” „SnapRoute is delighted to collaborate with AT&T on this large scale field trial,” said Jason Forrester, CEO and Founder at SnapRoute. „New applications such as streaming video, self-driving cars, and telemedicine are driving network demand like never before. This creates an opportunity for our modular and extensible FlexSwitch software, together with merchant silicon, to give operators much more control of their networks.” These new switches are tightly integrated with the AT&T ECOMP platform. We recently handed off ECOMP to the Linux Foundation to release into open source as the Open Network Automation Platform (ONAP). The industry is quickly adopting ONAP as the standard orchestration platform for software-centric networks. We’re also using our internally-developed TORC packet network control software on these switches. We’re exploring white box options for other network gear, as well. One area we’re testing is replacing the proprietary routers on our cell towers with white box routers. We think we can dramatically increase the capacity on each tower while keeping costs in line. With AT&T’s highly-distributed network of more than 5,000 central offices and more than 60,000 towers, that’s a big deal. „Just as open computer operating systems, like Linux, leveraged community contributions to create newly architected, high-performance operating systems, now the networking ecosystem has reached a similar inflection point,” said Chris Rice, senior vice president, network architecture and design, AT&T. „This allows us to build on a new networking paradigm, one that disaggregates the hardware and software to achieve greater simplicity, and deliver increased performance and speed of innovation.” *AT&T products and services are provided or offered by subsidiaries and affiliates of AT&T Inc. under the AT&T brand and not by AT&T Inc. About AT&T AT&T Inc. (NYSE: T) helps millions around the globe connect with leading entertainment, business, mobile and high speed internet services. We offer the nation’s best data network* and the best global coverage of any U.S. wireless provider.** We’re one of the world’s largest providers of pay TV. We have TV customers in the U.S. and 11 Latin American countries. Nearly 3.5 million companies, from small to large businesses around the globe, turn to AT&T for our highly secure smart solutions.  Additional information about AT&T products and services is available at about.att.com. Follow our news on Twitter at @ATT, on Facebook at facebook.com/att and YouTube at youtube.com/att. © 2017 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. AT&T, the Globe logo and other marks are trademarks and service marks of AT&T Intellectual Property and/or AT&T affiliated companies. All other marks contained herein are the property of their respective owners. *Claim based on the Nielsen Certified Data Network Score. Score includes data reported by wireless consumers in the Nielsen Mobile Insights survey, network measurements from Nielsen Mobile Performance and Nielsen Drive Test Benchmarks for Q3+Q4 2016 across 121 markets. **Global coverage claim based on offering discounted voice and data roaming; LTE roaming; and voice roaming in more countries than any other U.S. based carrier. International service required. Coverage not available in all areas. Coverage may vary per country and be limited/restricted in some countries.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/making-the-switch-disruptive-telecom-white-box-collaboration-accelerates-and-opens-the-platform-powering-unprecedented-network-performance-and-insights-300434291.html SOURCE AT&T Inc. Related Links http://www.att.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Today, Turkish Airlines has Added Voronezh, Russia as its 298th Destination in 120 Countries Served by the Airline Next PostNext Le Real Madrid C.F. et Microsoft lancent le premier audioguide interactif pour la visite du Bernabéu Search Recent Posts Global Automotive Resonator Intake Ducts Market by Type, Size, Share, Cost, Revenue, Applications and Forecast 2017-2021 Global Automotive Resonator Intake Ducts Market by Type, Size, Share, Cost, Revenue, Applications and Forecast 2017-2021 Global Automotive Resonator Intake Ducts Market by Type, Size, Share, Cost, Revenue, Applications and Forecast 2017-2021 Global and China Propylene Glycol Methyl Ether Acetate (PMAC) Market Research Reports Includes Most Effective Strategies Adopted by Prominent Players Global and China Propylene Glycol Methyl Ether Acetate (PMAC) Market Research Reports Includes Most Effective Strategies Adopted by Prominent Players Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,689 +39.03 +0.19% Nasdaq 5,899 +3.93 +0.07% S&P 500 2,360 +1.32 +0.06% 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,342.51 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens flat at 380.11 2:28 A.M. ET BMW, Glaxo, Allstate pull Bill O'Reilly show ads 2:27 A.M. ET Syngenta-ChemChina deal gets FTC approval 2:27 A.M. ET DCC buys Shell's Hong Kong LPG unit; CEO to leave 2:25 A.M. ET BHP Billiton: Force majeure at Aussie coal mines 12:58 A.M. ET Oil prices hold four-week high on bullish data 12:52 A.M. ET North Korea Missile launch prompts more yen buying 4/04 Asian markets perk up amid rising commodity prices 4/04 Bill O'Reilly's advertiser exodus continues 4/04 Updated What Uber drivers can teach America about work-life balance 4/04 Updated This is how many U.S. jobs robots will create over the next 10 years 4/04 Updated Amazon’s next customer: Americans who don’t have a bank account 4/04 Updated Half of American families are desperately living paycheck to paycheck 4/04 Updated 6 unusual things to do with your body after you die 4/04 Ex-Trump adviser Carter Page says Russian spies tried to recruit him 4/04 Pepsi faces backlash to ‘tone-deaf’ protest commercial 4/04 Consumers in line for $70 million in refunds after Amazon, FTC settlement 4/04 Sprint said to be dropping its 50% discount to switch 4/04 Updated Trump says infrastructure plan could top $1 trillion Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Barefoot partners with AT&T and SnapRoute to deploy revolutionary forwarding plane programmability into high-speed networks By Published: Apr 4, 2017 12:10 p.m. ET Share PALO ALTO, CA, Apr 04, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- World's first real-time path and latency visualization, and 100Gb/s microburst detection and correction with Intel Silicon Photonics for 6.5Tb/s data center and service provider deployments to be showcased at Open Networking Summit 2017 PALO ALTO, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 4, 2017) - At the Open Networking Summit (ONS) April 3-6, Barefoot Networks will showcase the most detailed visibility into networks ever seen. The demonstrations will run on Barefoot's 6.5Tb/s Tofino™ switch, the world's fastest and P4™ programmable switch chip that has been sampling to customers since Q4 2016. Barefoot will demonstrate how Tofino can be deployed in networks to enable fine-grained visibility to detect and fix performance issues caused by a host of problems including path and latency variations as well as "microbursts" at port speeds up to 100Gb/s. AT&T has partnered with Barefoot and SnapRoute to enable this deep and far-reaching visibility into its production network using Tofino and In-band Network Telemetry (INT). In an example of the speed and efficiency enabled by Tofino and P4, AT&T's idea of gaining this packet-by-packet and real-time visibility went from whiteboard to production deployment in a matter of weeks. Barefoot has also collaborated with Intel to create a new reference platform using the 6.5Tb/s Tofino based Wedge 100B switches and Intel® Silicon Photonics CWDM4 and PSM4 100G optical modules. The reference platform, available today, is a validated solution for reliable and efficient transport of multiple terabits of traffic, allowing data center operators to easily upgrade to more than double the bandwidth of their existing networking equipment.1 Real-time Path and Latency Visualization: ONS attendees will get a chance to see first-hand the trailblazing visibility enabled by Tofino and INT in AT&T's network. This demo mimics the live trial performed by AT&T sending customer traffic between Washington, D.C. and San Francisco in their production network on March 28. This trial used Tofino-based 6.5 Tb/s Wedge 100B switches running SnapRoute's FlexSwitch software enabling INT for MPLS Tunneled packets giving it fine-grain, instantaneous visibility into packets' path and latency. "SnapRoute is delighted to partner with Barefoot Networks in bringing revolutionary visibility into AT&T's production network," said Jason Forrester, CEO and Founder at SnapRoute. "Our modular and extensible FlexSwitch software together with Barefoot's P4 programmable Tofino silicon are unleashing functionality that was never before possible in the forwarding plane, giving full control of the networking stack to the network owners." Another problem that is a bane to the network operators is "microbursts." It is extremely hard to detect microbursts in real-time; these are brief but disastrous spikes in traffic causing packet drops or jitter. Microbursts only get harder to spot as networks scale to carry more traffic at port speeds of 100Gb/s, and as more traffic moves to the public cloud, including service-providers deploying NFV in data centers. With Tofino and INT, you can not only see these microbursts in real-time, but also identify the offending traffic flow or application. With the culprit identified, corrective action can be taken depending on the signature of the failure -- whether it is application misbehavior or human configuration error. Real-time 100Gb/s Microburst Detection and Correction: In this demonstration, Barefoot will visualize real-time per-packet queue occupancy levels using INT on the new Barefoot-Intel reference platform with two fully-populated Wedge 100B switches. The advanced telemetry is achieved while also running the typical forwarding features found in a data center top-of-rack switch to nanosecond precision. This allows for real-time detection of microbursts, giving the necessary information for network owners to identify the offending application and take corrective action. "Barefoot is leading the way into the future of networking by delivering programmability and performance without compromise to the users of its trailblazing technology," said Craig Barratt, CEO of Barefoot Networks. "Barefoot's Tofino programmable switch delivers precise and real-time network telemetry information needed to detect and correct problems in the fastest networks, right down to the nanosecond." "The exponential increase in data center traffic is driving the need for high-speed, power-efficient and reliable connectivity solutions," said Alexis Bjorlin, VP Data Center Group & GM Connectivity Group at Intel. "Barefoot's fully programmable 6.5 Tb/s Tofino-based Wedge 100B switch, together with our high-volume 100G silicon photonics optical modules, gives network operators and cloud service providers the ability to upgrade their existing equipment and benefit from the high bandwidth and advanced telemetry provided by this solution." Announced in June 2016, Barefoot Networks' Tofino Ethernet switch ASICs and Capilano SDE remove the last barrier to full network programmability by opening the forwarding plane, enabling full and granular control of the networking stack down to the packets flowing on the wire. Its first Tofino chips were delivered to customers in Q4 2016 and the company continues to add industry leaders to its growing network of partners. Meet Barefoot at ONS 2017 In its sixth year, ONS brings together enterprises, carriers and cloud service providers to share best practices, highlight innovation and discuss the future of open networking. To connect with Barefoot Networks at ONS 2017, find them at booth #124 or arrange a meeting by contacting info@barefootnetworks.com. 1 Performance disclaimer: 2x bandwidth claim is based on maximum theoretical throughput of 6.5Tb/s vs. current generation 3.2Tb/s Ethernet switches. About Barefoot Networks Barefoot Networks launched in 2016 after two years of developing the most programmable and -- at 6.5Terabits/second -- the fastest switches ever built; twice as fast as the previous on record. By enabling organizations to define the network forwarding plane in software, Barefoot empowers network owners and their infrastructure partners to design, optimize, and innovate to meet their specific requirements and gain competitive advantage. In combining the P4 programming language with fast programmable switches, Barefoot has also created an ecosystem for compilers, tools, and P4 programs to make P4 accessible to anybody. Barefoot's founders -- Pat Bosshart, Martin Izzard, Dan Lenoski, Nick McKeown -- bring the company more than 100 years of experience in building the fastest and biggest networking systems in the world. Backed by Google Inc., Goldman Sachs Principal Strategic Investments, Alibaba, Tencent and by premier venture capital firms Sequoia Capital, Lightspeed Venture Partners, and Andreessen Horowitz, Barefoot Networks is headquartered in Silicon Valley. For more information, visit http://www.barefootnetworks.com. Follow us on Twitter: @barefootnetwork. Follow us on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/barefootnetworks Barefoot Networks, the Foot Logo and Tofino are trademarks of Barefoot Networks. Intel is a registered trademark of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. MEDIA CONTACTS: Barefoot Networks: Gary Good Phone: +1-707-837-1718 Email: Email Contact � 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Most Popular Payless Shoesource files for Chapter 11, will close nearly 400 stores Pepsi faces backlash to ‘tone-deaf’ protest commercial Here’s one reason to be bearish on Tesla This is what scares Nobel Prize-winning economist Robert Shiller about the economy Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Making the Switch: Disruptive Telecom White Box Collaboration Accelerates and Opens the Platform, Powering Unprecedented Network Performance and Insights AT&T-led Team Goes from Silicon Fab to Live Trial in 3 Months SAN FRANCISCO, April 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- In the not-too-distant future, when you hail a self-driving car, that car will likely be connected to a network. And that network connection will have to be more than fast. It will have to provide reliable and real-time monitoring of the data flowing from your car to the network and all the other cars around you on the road. If your car receives a command to turn, or stop, or accelerate, it has to be clear that command was sent and received. The level of fine grain data packet telemetry required for that use case will only become more critical as other, similar real-time applications emerge. A new white box switch AT&T* just trialed can help make this a reality. On March 28, AT&T engineers successfully completed what we believe to be a first in the telecom industry: live field trials of a multi-supplier open source white box switch carrying customer traffic. What this means is we used a common, uniform open network operating system across multiple merchant silicon chips to build a piece of network equipment that met our stringent real-world data needs. What's more, the boxes we tested provided high performance telemetry into our ECOMP platform to monitor the traffic as it zipped from Washington DC to San Francisco. It's early, but we think this technology could accelerate innovation on almost any device that requires connectivity. It's like how bringing reliable GPS tracking and navigation to smart phones enabled entirely new applications, and even industries. What's more, this software capability isn't hard wired to a particular hardware platform. We can send packets with the same software no matter what chip we're using. Creating this white box switch was a group effort. Several visionary companies helped us bring it to life. Barefoot Networks, Broadcom, Delta Electronics, Edgecore Networks, Intel Corporation, and SnapRoute provided the standardized hardware and open source software that powered these new network switches. Delta's Agema AGC7648A switch used Broadcom Qumran silicon chips and the SnapRoute network operating system in one location. A second location used Edgecore's Wedge 100BF systems built using Barefoot's 6.5 Tb/s Tofino silicon whose forwarding plane is specified using the P4 open source programming language to perform standard switching and routing and In-band Network Telemetry (INT) functionality. SnapRoute's open network operating system FlexSwitch was used as the control plane and unifying OS. Intel architecture-based processors ran the SnapRoute operating system that managed the Barefoot and Broadcom chips and the various interfaces on the boxes. "We're in the early stages of this process, but already we see huge potential for increasing the speed of innovation, lowering costs and, most importantly, staying ahead of the needs of our customers," said Andre Fuetsch, president of AT&T Labs and chief technology officer, AT&T. "With this trial, we went from using traditional switches the size of multiple refrigerators to a chip that can literally fit in the palm of your hand. We think white box will be a big part of the future of the wide area network." There is clearly a need for a more efficient switch. Data traffic on our wireless network has grown more than 250,000% since 2007. Self-driving cars, augmented reality and virtual reality, and more will only push those numbers higher as new access technologies like 5G come online. "A high-performance and fully programmable forwarding plane puts the network owner in the driver's seat," said Craig Barratt, CEO of Barefoot Networks. "We are excited to see AT&T unlock deep and far-reaching visibility into their production network by using their P4 programs with Tofino and In-band Network Telemetry." "Broadcom is excited by the accelerated adoption of Jericho and Qumran products into various segments of AT&T's network," said Oozie Parizer, senior director, Switch Products Group at Broadcom. "The key to accelerating network innovation is to consistently deliver carrier-grade, high performance, cost and power-effective merchant silicon based solutions." "The transformation of the network to an open, programmable platform of innovation is key to meeting the demands of the digital services economy," said Sandra Rivera, vice president and general manager of the Network Platforms Group at Intel. "Intel's leadership in server, virtualization and cloud technologies is accelerating network virtualization today. Through our contributions to open source, open standards and the enablement of broad ecosystems, we will continue to work with leaders like AT&T to bring new solutions and services to the market more quickly and cost effectively." "SnapRoute is delighted to collaborate with AT&T on this large scale field trial," said Jason Forrester, CEO and Founder at SnapRoute. "New applications such as streaming video, self-driving cars, and telemedicine are driving network demand like never before. This creates an opportunity for our modular and extensible FlexSwitch software, together with merchant silicon, to give operators much more control of their networks." These new switches are tightly integrated with the AT&T ECOMP platform. We recently handed off ECOMP to the Linux Foundation to release into open source as the Open Network Automation Platform (ONAP). The industry is quickly adopting ONAP as the standard orchestration platform for software-centric networks. We're also using our internally-developed TORC packet network control software on these switches. We're exploring white box options for other network gear, as well. One area we're testing is replacing the proprietary routers on our cell towers with white box routers. We think we can dramatically increase the capacity on each tower while keeping costs in line. With AT&T's highly-distributed network of more than 5,000 central offices and more than 60,000 towers, that's a big deal. "Just as open computer operating systems, like Linux, leveraged community contributions to create newly architected, high-performance operating systems, now the networking ecosystem has reached a similar inflection point," said Chris Rice, senior vice president, network architecture and design, AT&T. "This allows us to build on a new networking paradigm, one that disaggregates the hardware and software to achieve greater simplicity, and deliver increased performance and speed of innovation." *AT&T products and services are provided or offered by subsidiaries and affiliates of AT&T Inc. under the AT&T brand and not by AT&T Inc. About AT&T AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T) helps millions around the globe connect with leading entertainment, business, mobile and high speed internet services. We offer the nation's best data network* and the best global coverage of any U.S. wireless provider.** We're one of the world's largest providers of pay TV. We have TV customers in the U.S. and 11 Latin American countries. Nearly 3.5 million companies, from small to large businesses around the globe, turn to AT&T for our highly secure smart solutions.  Additional information about AT&T products and services is available at about.att.com. Follow our news on Twitter at @ATT, on Facebook at facebook.com/att and YouTube at youtube.com/att. © 2017 AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. AT&T, the Globe logo and other marks are trademarks and service marks of AT&T Intellectual Property and/or AT&T affiliated companies. All other marks contained herein are the property of their respective owners. *Claim based on the Nielsen Certified Data Network Score. Score includes data reported by wireless consumers in the Nielsen Mobile Insights survey, network measurements from Nielsen Mobile Performance and Nielsen Drive Test Benchmarks for Q3+Q4 2016 across 121 markets. **Global coverage claim based on offering discounted voice and data roaming; LTE roaming; and voice roaming in more countries than any other U.S. based carrier. International service required. Coverage not available in all areas. Coverage may vary per country and be limited/restricted in some countries.   SOURCE AT&T Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsComputer hardware, Computer Software, Computer/ Electronics, Networks, New Products/Services, Telecommunications Carriers and Services, Telecommunications equipment, Telecommunications Industry Post navigation Previous PostPrevious REMINDER – MEDIA ALERT: ESD Alliance to Host CEO Outlook April 6 Next PostNext DigitalOcean Releases Free Monitoring Service so Developers Can Easily Optimize Application Performance Search Recent Posts New Ford Ranger and Everest Special Editions Coming in May 2017 Yellow Fever Pipeline Insights at Orbis Research Home Infusion Therapy Market growing at 9.0% CAGR from 2016 to 2023 Branding 101: Mistakes communicators should void Xerostomia PreClinical, Discovery and Phase Pipeline Drugs Insights 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Is Intel Corporation's First-Gen 10-Nano Tech Pointless? Is it pointless for most of Intel's near-term product plans? Pretty much. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Apr 4, 2017 at 10:35AM At Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) Technology and Manufacturing Day, the company showed information about its current-generation and upcoming chip-manufacturing technologies. Executives talked about the densities of these technologies as well as their performance and power characteristics. What's interesting is that the company says that its upcoming 14-nanometer++ technology -- a third-generation version of the company's initial 14-nanometer technology that first went into production in the second quarter of 2014 -- delivers better performance than its upcoming 10-nanometer technology, as well as its upcoming 10-nanometer+ technology (though 10-nanometer+ seems to come extremely close to 14-nanometer++ in this regard). Image source: Intel. On the other side, Intel says that its 10-nanometer and 10-nanometer+ technologies can offer lower power consumption than its 14-nanometer technologies and, of course, much higher transistor density. Considering how good Intel's 14-nanometer++ technology appears to be, is the company's first-generation 10-nanometer technology even worth using? Here's what Intel executive Kaizad Mistry had to say. The answer? It depends "Depending on the type of product, the lower power can be a significant advantage and a reason to go to 10 [nanometer] over 14+ or 14++," Mistry began. He went on to say that products that are less power-constrained -- think high-performance notebook chips or desktop processors -- could benefit from using one manufacturing technology, while those more sensitive to power consumption might benefit from another. Mistry also appeared to argue that it wouldn't just be low-power products that could benefit from potentially lower-performing (but lower-power and denser) 10-nanometer technologies, compared to 14-nanometer+ or 14-nanometer++. "If you have an architectural innovation that significantly adds to the transistor count and adds to the power, that would provide performance and may benefit from being on 10 versus 14," he explained. Translating this into Intel's product portfolio In the second half of this year, Intel is expected to start selling the first products based on its 14-nanometer++ technology, known as Kaby Lake Refresh. These are aimed at high-performance laptops and are expected to have thermal design power starting at 15 watts and moving up from there. Then, in the first half of 2018, Intel is expected to roll out higher-performance chips for desktops and larger or bulkier laptops, known as Coffee Lake, and also built on 14-nanometer++. At the same time, Intel has said that it will begin shipping its first 10-nanometer chips based on its Cannon Lake architecture at either the very end of 2017 or the very beginning of 2018. These are likely to be targeted at low-power notebooks without fans. The split between Kaby Lake Refresh and Coffee Lake, on the one hand, and the Cannon Lake product on the other seems like a good illustration of the idea that choice of manufacturing technology really does depend on the desired product characteristics. That said, I do expect that Intel will begin migrating the entirety of its personal-computer processor portfolio over to some flavor of 10-nanometer -- likely 10-nanometer+ -- in the second half of 2018, with its Ice Lake architecture. Even though 10-nanometer+ won't offer quite the performance that 14-nanometer++ will, per Intel's slides, the performance delta appears small enough that Intel should be able to deliver better products, through architectural innovations enabled by the power-reduction and density improvements of 10-nanometer+ over 14-nanometer++. Foolish takeaway It doesn't seem make much sense for Intel to transition the bulk of its products from 14-nanometer+ or 14-nanometer++ to the first-generation 10-nanometer technology. Performance on 10-nanometer is clearly lower than that on 14-nanometer++, and manufacturing yields on 14-nanometer++ are certainly going to be better than on 10-nanometer for a while yet. However, once Intel begins production of its 10-nanometer+ technology -- which seems to offer nearly the performance of 14-nanometer++, while at the same time offering potentially lower power and much-improved transistor density -- it should be able to migrate the bulk of its product portfolio without too much issue. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Apr 4, 2017 at 10:35AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.28 up $0.12 (0.33%) Read More 1 Way Intel Corporation Wants to Improve R&D Efficiency Why Long-Term Investors Should Prefer NVIDIA Over Intel Will Intel Profit From Self-Driving Cars? Intel Corporation’s Exciting Plan to Chop Up Future Chips Intel's Data Center Monopoly Is Coming to an End Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Is Intel Corporation's First-Gen 10-Nano Tech Pointless? @themotleyfool #stocks $INTC
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 3 Top Driverless Car Stocks to Buy Now A couple of these companies may not be at the top of your autonomous vehicle stocks list, but all could end up being huge winners in the space. Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Apr 4, 2017 at 11:06AM I won't bore you with the statistics about self-driving cars. At least, not yet. First, consider this 2015 quote about the future of driverless cars from Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) CEO Elon Musk: You'll be able to tell your car, "Take me home," go here, go there, or anything, and it'll just do it. It'll be an order of magnitude safer than a person. In the distant future, people may outlaw driving cars because it's too dangerous. You can't have a person driving a two-ton death machine. Image source: Getty Images.  That opinion may seem a bit extreme to some, but self-driving cars have the potential to reduce vehicular deaths by (here come the stats now) 90% by mid-century. In the U.S. alone, that means nearly 30,000 lives would be saved every year. That's one of the reasons why so many automakers and technology companies are investing billions of dollars to get autonomous vehicles on the road, and why investors should pay attention. To help you get started in the space, let's look at three companies that are each taking different approaches to the self-driving car market -- and that have lots of potential to benefit from it.   Intel Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) wasn't exactly the first company people were thinking about in this space until very recently. That changed when it purchased the leader in advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS), Mobileye (NYSE:MBLY), for $15.3 billion.  That's a hefty price tag, but what Intel is getting for it may end up being worth it. Advanced driver assistance systems -- with features such as lane detection and correction, automatic braking, and automatic speed adjustments -- are the precursors to much of the technology that will underlie fully autonomous vehicles, and Mobileye has about 65% of the ADAS market. Purchasing it gave Intel a central position in autonomous vehicle technologies that it didn't have just a month ago; it could also help the company sell more of its processors.  Processors for PCs have been Intel's No. 1 revenue driver, but with sales of desktops and laptops continuing to decline, the company has been looking for new segments that it can sell its chips to. The automotive semiconductor market is expected to reach $36 billion by 2018,and if Intel can use Mobileye to both sell self-driving technologies to automakers and boost sales of its own processors, then the company may have finally found its next big market opportunity. Qualcomm  If Intel's pending purchase of Mobileye signals a move from the post-PC and post-mobile era for chipmakers, then consider Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) one of the leaders of that movement.   At the end of last year, Qualcomm made a $39 billion bid for NXP Semiconductors (NASDAQ:NXPI), which is still pending. The move would do much to bring Qualcomm into the driverless car space by adding NXP's own self-driving technologies to the chipmaker's lineup.  NXP debuted an off-the-shelf driverless car system last year called BlueBox, which includes sensors, cameras, algorithms, and processors that allow cars to function at Level 4 automation by 2020. (Level 5 is the highest classification for a fully autonomous vehicle.) Qualcomm has hit a few bumps as it works to close the NXP deal, but that appears to still be on track to happen later this year. When it does, Qualcomm could end up in a similar position to Intel, with a handful of key driverless car technologies in its arsenal and new opportunities to sell its processors into driverless cars. Tesla I couldn't lead off this list with an Elon Musk quote without eventually talking about everything Tesla is doing in the semi-autonomous car space.  First of all, Tesla has added driverless car hardware to all of its new vehicles, and has been rolling out software updates as they are developed to bring new semi-autonomous features to vehicle owners. Tesla is the only automaker that's taking such a bold step with semi-autonomous hardware, which could end up helping the company take the lead in driverless cars a few years from now.  Musk mentioned in the second version of his Tesla Master Plan last year that vehicles owners will be able to "summon your Tesla from pretty much anywhere. Once it picks you up, you will be able to sleep, read or do anything else enroute to your destination." Tesla is still a while away from that goal, but it's clearly positioning itself as the leading semi-autonomous automaker. The driverless car market is expected to be worth $77 billion by 2035, but there are plenty of things that could end up holding these companies back. Still, investors would be wise to consider the above companies when looking at driverless car stocks -- and remember that patient investors will likely see the biggest returns.  Chris Neiger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Qualcomm and Tesla. The Motley Fool recommends Intel and NXP Semiconductors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Chris has covered Tech and Telecom companies for The Motley Fool since 2012. Follow him on Twitter for the latest tech stock coverage. Follow @tmfnewsie Article Info Apr 4, 2017 at 11:06AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $56.68 up $0.18 (0.32%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.28 up $0.12 (0.33%) NXP Semiconductors NASDAQ:NXPI $105.05 up $0.78 (0.75%) Tesla NASDAQ:TSLA $303.70 up $5.18 (1.74%) Mobileye NYSE:MBLY $61.40 up $0.15 (0.24%) Read More To Apple, Inc.'s Tim Cook: What's After iPhone? The Biggest Flops in Silicon Valley History Everything You've Always Wanted to Know About Driverless Cars Is It Too Late to Get In On This Millionaire-Maker Stock? Why Mobileye NV Fell 13% in September Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 3 Top Driverless Car Stocks to Buy Now @themotleyfool #stocks $QCOM, $INTC, $NXPI, $TSLA, $MBLY
Share Tweet Apple 'completely rethinks' Mac Pro for 2018 update Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This fb tw am yt rss Hot Topics How to get a black screen front on a red iPhone 7 Apple spring event news iPhone tips iPhone 8 rumours iPad Pro 2 rumours Latest Apple Deals » Home News Mac News New Mac Pro 2018 latest rumours: Release date, UK price, features & specs New Mac Pro 2018 latest rumours: Release date, UK price, features & specs Apple announces a radical revamp to the Mac Pro for 2018 - "our highest-end, high throughput desktop system, designed for our demanding pro customers" - and a price drop to the existing hardware in the meantime by Karen Haslam | 04 Apr 17 Contents When will the new Mac Pro be released? Why did Apple ignore the Mac Pro for so long? Mac Pro tech specs What processor will Apple use in the new 2018 Mac Pro What ports will the 2018 Mac Pro have? What Graphics will the 2018 Mac Pro have? How much storage will the 2018 Mac Pro have? How much RAM will the 2018 Mac Pro have? Will the 2018 Mac Pro have a new design? When will Apple release a new Mac Pro? And what tech specs, new features and design changes should we expect? (Click here to read the latest version of this article.) We've had a long wait for the new Mac Pro. The current Mac Pro model was announced at WWDC in June 2013, shipping that December, and, for a top-of-the range system, it's looking pretty long in the tooth, although Apple has just announced that it is bringing the high-end Mac Pro options down to lower price points. So, for $2,999 you will now get a 6-core Intel Xeon processor, dual AMD FirePro D500 GPUs and 16GB of memory, and for $3,999, you will now get an 8-core processor and dual D700 GPUs. That price drop is unlikely to make much of a difference to the desire of the Mac Pro's traditional creative professional audience to buy a machine.  These videographers, designers, photographers, and other creative pros have either hung on to their ancient towers that predate the 2013 redesign because their old Mac Pros, which could be customised, offered more flexibility and power; or these prod have moved to the iMac, or they have moved away from the Mac alltogether. In this article we weigh up all the news and clues concerning the next Mac Pro update, including the early-April announcement that Apple is working on a major redesign for 2018 (and a smaller update - essentially a price drop - in the near future). For more discussion of upcoming Apple launches, take a look at our big roundup of Apple predictions for 2017. And if you're considering buying one of the current Mac Pro models, read Where to buy Mac Pro in the UK and our Mac buying guide 2017. When will the new Mac Pro be released? Not until 2018. (Although Apple has announced a change to the pricing/specs structure for 2017.) The present Mac Pro was unveiled at WWDC 2013. That's nearly four years ago (although the Mac Pro didn't actually ship until that December - and supply was so restrained that most users didn't get theirs until the following spring). It's about time, then, for an update. Analysts often raise the question of whether Apple will turn its back on the Mac, with the iPhone becoming such a significant part of its business; a pundit you might have heard of called Steve Jobs once predicted that the desktop's days were numbered. (He was talking about how the iPad would revolutionise computing. Sales figures for that line, while not disastrous, suggest that this hasn't entirely gone to plan.) However, it's clear that Apple isn't turning away from the Mac desktop just yet. In April 2017 Apple invited journalists to its Product Realization Lab and made a series of announcements relating to the Mac line, revealing among other things that a minor update to the Mac Pro is imminent and a major revamp will arrive in 2018. It's not quite "Can't innovate, my ass!" (Phil Schiller's rallying cry when the trashcan Pro was unveiled in 2013), but we do confess to being mildly excited by Apple executives' claim that they are in the process of "what we call completely rethinking the Mac Pro". Schiller says: "We have a team working hard on it right now. We want to architect it so that we can keep it fresh with regular improvements, and we're committed to making it our highest-end, high-throughput desktop system, designed for our demanding pro customers. "...Now, you won't see any of those products [also including a Pro display, to be launched alongside the new Pro] this year; we're in the process of that. We think it's really important to create something great for our pro customers who want a Mac Pro modular system, and that'll take longer than this year to do." So 2018 is the timeframe, and it would be unusual for Apple to launch anything in the first two to three months of a calendar year; a spring 2018 launch seems likeliest. We've already seen some evidence that a new Mac Pro (one with 10 USB 3 ports) is in the pipeline - some code in Mac OS X El Capitan referenced a machine with the codename AAPLJ95,1. The current generation of Mac Pro was codenamed AAPLJ90,1. Mind you, El Capitan has now been superseded by macOS Sierra so maybe that was just an anomaly in the code. (More on this code below). See also: New MacBook Pro rumours | New MacBook Air rumours | New MacBook rumours | New iMac rumours | New Mac mini rumours Why did Apple ignore the Mac Pro for so long? Speaking at a briefing with a select few journalists, Apple appologised for the long wait for a new Mac Pro. The reason for the wait: Apple's engineering team has been attempting to come up with a design for a system that can easily and efficiently be upgraded. The lack of customisation options is the biggest issue most have with the current Mac Pro. "If we’ve had a pause in upgrades and updates, we’re sorry for that" said Apple Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller adding: "What happened with the Mac Pro – and we’re going to come out with something great to replace it." The company is re-thinking the entire machine, it would seem. "We designed ourselves into a bit of a corner," revealed Craig Federighi, Apple's SVP of Software Engineering. "We've asked the team to go and re-architect and design something great for the future that those Mac Pro customers who want more expandability, more upgradability in the future', added Schiller. It's not the first time that Mac Pro customers have had to wait an unacceptable amount of time for an update to what is supposed to be the ultimate Mac. Prior to the launch of the redesigned Mac Pro back in 2013 customers had been waiting since 2006 for the update, and customers in Europe couldn't even buy the older Mac Pro at that point because it no longer complied with EU regulations. The old version of the Mac Pro was banned in Europe because it didn't comply with EU safety laws. Then, just to make matters worse, when Apple launches the redesigned Mac Pro back in 2013 it was plagued by delays in availability. Apple first unveiled the Intel Xeon (Ivy Bridge-E) Mac Pro at WWDC in June 2013, but the unit didn't actually start shipping until December that year. In fact, for most shoppers the supply of Mac Pro was so constrained that they didn't receive their new Mac until 2014 - in some cases not until February, or March, or in a few cases April. Having previewed the Mac Pro at WWDC in June 2013, the company promised availability before the end of 2013, but it wasn't until 19 December that the Mac Pro became available. Then, following the launch, stocks were so limited that only a lucky few, US-based, customers were able to purchase the new professional Mac workstation before the end of 2013. Customers in the UK who ordered their new Mac on 19 December 2014 found that they would have to wait until January 2015 for the new Mac Pro. Some lucky UK customers finally received their Mac Pro around 12 January. One reason for the delays back in 2013 was thought to be the fact that Apple was building the new-look Mac Pro in the US: Apple had a new design which was being produced at an entirely new factory in the States, so the delays were understandable, although maybe not excusable. Could the new Mac Pro be similarly delayed is Apple continues to build it in the US? Potentially. Mac Pro tech specs In April 2017 Apple updated the Mac Pro range with new pricing. Apple says it's also bought some high-end options down into the standard two configurations at the same price points. So, for $2,999 you will now get a 6-core Intel Xeon processor, dual AMD FirePro D500 GPUs and 16GB of memory, and for $3,999, you will now get an 8-core processor and dual D700 GPUs. Currently, there are two standard Mac Pro models available along with various build-to-order options: Previously you could get a Quad-Core and Dual GPU: 3.7GHz Quad-Core Intel Xeon E5 processor; 12GB 1866MHz DDR3 ECC memory; Dual AMD FirePro D300 with 2GB GDDR5 VRAM each; and 256GB PCIe-based flash storage for $2,999 or £2,999, this model will no longer be available. Previously you could 6-Core and Dual GPU: 3.5GHz 6-Core Intel Xeon E5 processor; 16GB 1866MHz DDR3 ECC memory; Dual AMD FirePro D500 with 3GB GDDR5 VRAM each; 256GB PCIe-based flash storage for $3,999 or £3,899. THis model is now $2,999. What processor will Apple use in the new 2018 Mac Pro It seems likely that Apple will update the Mac Pro with the next-generation Intel Xeon E5 processor, we may also see more RAM in the entry-level version, now that the 15-inch MacBook Pro range ship with 16GB as standard. We'll go into more detail below. What Processor: Intel Kaby Lake or AMD RYZEN 7 The 2013 Mac Pro features Intel's Xeon E5 V2 processors (code-named Romley) offering up to 12 cores (as a build-to-order option). Back in September 2014 new Xeon E5 V3 chips (code-named Grantley) started shipping - bringing the Haswell architecture to pro workstations. At the time we thought the processor would soon make their way to the Mac Pro, but no upgrade emerged. Those Intel Xeon E5 V3 chips were being used in Dell's new Xeon Precision Tower (5810, 7810 and 7910) - find out more on Dell's website. These Dell workstations use the Intel Xeon E5-2600 v3 processor series featuring either 14 or 18 cores per processor. The processors in the current Mac Pros are configurable up to 3.5GHz for a six-core option, 3.0GHz for an 8-core option, and 2.7GHz for a 12-core option. We may see a slight boost in these numbers, but we could equally see the same clock speeds, with the processors themselves being faster. It is possible that the new Mac Pro will, like the Dell above, offer an option of 14 or 18 cores. It's likely that we see brand new Xeon processors in the Mac Pro. It's expected that we see a late Skylake (Xeon E3-1585 v5) or the new Kaby Lake ( Xeon E3-1205 v6) processors included. The Intel Skylake processor features a base clock of 3.5GHz, four cores and eight threads - it has 8MB of cache and features the Iris Pro Graphics P580 - a powerful in-built GPU that will help low-profile renders. However, with Kaby Lake already being shipped to OEMs and manufacturers, we are more likely to see these new processors shipped with the new Mac Pro. The rumoured Xeon E3-1205 v6 is a base model - featuring 3GHz of processing power - we expect more powerful and optimised CPUs to be included within the Mac Pro. Another idea, although somewhat crazy, is that Apple could abandon Intel chips altogether and move to AMD. AMD has launched RYZEN 7 CPUs that "promise more computing muscle per watt than Intel" and, according to a report the new AMD RYZEN 7 1800X just set a new world record score for Cinebench, a respected CPU performance benchmark. That report states that the new RYZEN 7 chip lineup roughly competes with Intel’s i7 line including the i7-6900K, i7-6800K, and i7-7700K. Perhaps more at home in an iMac then. Read next: i5 or i7? What is turbo boost? Here's how to choose the best processor for your Mac What ports will the 2018 Mac Pro have? The current Mac Pro sports six Thunderbolt 2 ports, which means this Mac can be connected to up to three 4K displays. There's also 4 USB 3 ports; Dual Gigabit Ethernet; and an HDMI 1.4 UltraHD, as well as a combined optical digital audio output/analog line out mini-jack; headphone mini-jack with headset support; HDMI port supports multi-channel audio output and a built-in speaker. Code discovered in Mac OS X El Capitan offers a hint that a new Mac Pro may be on its way soon offering more Thunderbolt ports in the form of USB-3. There's a reference to a new Mac that's codenamed "AAPLJ95,1" within El Capitan, according to Pike's Universum. We think adopting Thunderbolt 3 on the Mac Pro may make more sense as it brings Thunderbolt to USB-C at 40Gbps for the best of both worlds. (Read more about Thunderbolt and the Mac Pro here). Many traditional Mac Pro users are still calling out for PCI slots, which would allow users to add faster SSDs and better video cards. Some even ask for internal drive bays. What Graphics will the 2018 Mac Pro have? The 2013 Mac Pro features dual workstation-class GPUs. The Dual AMD FirePro D300 with 2GB GDDR5 VRAM each in the Quad-Core version, and Dual AMD FirePro D500 with 3GB GDDR5 VRAM each in the 6-Core model. There’s also a build-to-order option of the Dual AMD FirePro D700 GPUs with 6GB of GDDR5 VRAM each (an extra £540).  AMD showcased new its new FirePro W-series at Siggraph in August 2014. The FirePro W7100, W5100 may find their way into the new Mac Pro. Alternatively, there are significantly faster graphics based on AMD's Fury platform that may be destined for the new Mac Pro. An article by a video professional refers to the Nvidia GTX 1080 which is such a big deal that he thinks: "This card alone will most likely cause a shift in computer workstation ownership. However the card isn't compatible with the Mac Pro: "Even a Thunderbolt-connected PCIe expansion chassis to a Mac Pro trashcan won't help, due to the inherent bandwidth limits that Thunderbolt has as compared to the buss speeds of these GPU cards. And forget about stacking these cards in an expansion chassis… just not going to happen." Because using this card with the Mac Pro is out of the question he predicts: "a huge migration of longtime Apple users (such as me) going to Windows systems for their main workstation needs." Apple could move away from AMD with the next Mac Pro though (it has tended in the past to flit between the two graphics card manufacturers). And this time there may be a good reason: a thread on the Apple Support Communities website amassed a huge response when complaining about faulty graphics cards in the Late 2013 Mac Pro, Apple admitted that a number of Mac Pro's have faulty cards and that affected customers could have the issue fixed free of charge. To be legible for a free repair, you must have encountered "distorted video, no video, system instability, freezing, restarts, shutdowns" or system startup failure.  It's not all Mac Pro's though, only those manufactured between February 8 and April 11 2015, and the issue can be fixed by taking your damaged Mac Pro to an Apple Store. Interestingly, MacRumours notes that the issues are known to exist with the AMD FirePro D500 and D700 GPUs, with the AMD FirePro D300 being completely unaffected. Will these issues force Apple into choosing another graphic card manufacturer for the next Mac Pro? While there are no rumours online that suggest so, we think a change could be on the cards for the Mac Pro GPU. Read more: Mac Pro vs iMac How much storage will the 2018 Mac Pro have? Currently you will find 256GB PCIe-based flash storage as standard in both standard Mac Pro models, with an option to add 512GB SSD for £180 or 1TB SSD for £540. We'd like to see more storage as standard on the Mac Pro, as the target audience tend to be working with very large files. An option for 2TB flash storage would be nice. How much RAM will the 2018 Mac Pro have? The new Xeon E5 V3 Grantley chips are said to have DDR4 memory controllers, so you can expect even faster memory in this year's new Mac Pro. The current models offer 12GB RAM in the Quad-Core model, and 16GB in the 6-Code model as standard. You can add 32GB RAM at point of purchase for £360, or a massive 64GB RAM for £1,080. As we mention above, the 15-inch MacBook Pro now comes with 16GB RAM as standard, so we would hope that the updated entry-level Mac Pro would match that. 64GB RAM might sound like a lot to you, but some of these Dell workstations can accommodate up to 1TB of DDR4 RAM. We hope that the next generation of Mac Pros will be configurable to more than 64GB (four slots of 16GB). Will the 2018 Mac Pro have a new design? Given the fact that Apple has found it necessary to go back to the drawing board with the Mac Pro it seems likely that we can expect a whole new design for the 2018 Mac Pro. Since Apple has revealed that it was the unique triangular design of the Mac Pro’s thermal core that proved to be the limiting factor in offering updates to the Mac Pro this seems likely to change in the new model. During the briefing with journalists about the plans for the new machine Federighi revealed that, while Apple set out do so something that was new and different with the Mac Pro, "we didn’t start with a shape and say, ‘well, here’s the fastest machine we can put in that box.’ We actually started with a target for performance and came up with what I think was a very clever design of that thermal core and thermal architecture to accommodate what we thought was the right power architecture." Unfortunatly it seems that the shape was what limited Apple when it came to building a Mac that met the actual needs of the pro audience. Here's one last titbit that may offer clues about the Mac Pro of the future. Apple has been granted a patent for the Mac Pro, specifically for the structure and organisation of internal components and external interfaces for a compact computing system, according to a report on Patently Apple. While you wait for the next Mac Pro to arrive, you may like to read our Mac Pro reviews: Mac Pro Six-Core/3.5GHz (late 2013) review | Mac Pro Quad-Core/3.7GHz (Late 2013) review | 2013 Mac Pro review, BTO version The most obvious place to buy a Mac Pro is from the Apple Store. Other than directly from Apple, you can buy the Mac Pro from Apple Premium Resellers such as KRCS and PC World. You can find an Apple Premium Reseller near you by searching on Apple's site. Tags: Mac , Rumour , Mac Pro Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Advertisement How to get the Windows 10 Creators Update now 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years See the beautiful concept art for the new Moomin animated TV series New Mac Pro 2018 latest rumours: Release date, UK price, features & specs Apple News Apple Reviews Apple How To Macworld Magazine Apple Deals Mac Forums Apple Mac iPhone Reviews iPad Reviews Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Intel FPGA Driver Published For The Linux Kernel Written by Michael Larabel in Intel on 30 March 2017 at 01:56 PM EDT. 3 Comments Intel has published a series of patches today adding FPGA device drivers to their Linux kernel for their selection of FPGA hardware. Developer Wu Hao explained, "The Intel FPGA driver provides interfaces for userspace applications to configure, enumerate, open, and access FPGA accelerators on platforms equipped with Intel(R) FPGA solutions and enables system level management functions such as FPGA partial reconfiguration, power management and virtualization." Along with the basic Intel FPGA support there is the PCI-E device driver, the Intel FPGA Management Engine (FME) driver, FPGA Accelerated Function Unit (AFU) driver, and other work. This Intel FPGA device driver work published today amounts to just over four thousand lines of new code. Those interested in FPGAs can learn more about the Intel Linux driver work via these patches. 3 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Intel News Intel GVT-g Updates Slated For Linux 4.12 Intel Turbo Boost Max 3.0 Testing On The Linux 4.11 Kernel Intel P-State Gets More Cleanups & Optimizations Intel's 5-Level Paging Support Being Prepped For Linux 4.12 New Engine Reset Capability Being Worked On For Intel DRM Linux Driver Intel Has More P-State Changes Coming For Linux 4.12 Popular News AMD Ryzen Has Captivated Linux Gamers & Enthusiasts April Fools' Or Should Wayland Switch Away From Using C? Ubuntu Hit By A Vulnerability In "Eject" Early Tests Of AMDGPU's DRM-Next Performance For Linux 4.12 Students Are Missing Out On An Incredible Opportunity To Get Involved With Mesa, Wayland AMD Ryzen 7 1700 + B350 DDR4 Memory Speed Tests Latest Linux News OpenBenchmarking.org Crosses 23 Million Test/Suite Benchmark Downloads SDL Updates Game Controller Support With Nintendo Switch Pro & More A New KDE Music Player: Elisa The EU Is Funding Work Into Low-Power GPU Tech Trying Out Xonotic 0.8.2 With Radeon & NVIDIA GPUs On Linux Fedora 26 Alpha Released Serious Sam VR: The Second Encounter Launches On Steam Vulkan's VK_KHR_incremental_present Now Supported By Mesa's ANV/RADV Drivers DRM Maintainers Are Running Out Of Time To Ship New Features For Linux 4.12 Haiku OS Picks Up AMD Ryzen Support, More Driver Improvements Latest Featured Articles CPUFreq vs. P-State CPU Scaling Governor Tests On Various Vulkan/OpenGL Games Kicking Off April With An Eight-Way BSD/Linux Comparison 14-Way NVIDIA Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal OpenGL vs. Vulkan With Mad Max On Linux Vulkan vs. OpenGL For Mad Max On AMD Ryzen NVIDIA Vulkan Driver Shows Impressive Mad Max Linux Performance Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: $319 iPhone SE, $120 off Xbox One S bundle, and... What’s new in iOS 10.3, Galaxy S8, best Messages tweaks, and more... Don’t want internet providers to sell your browsing data? Use a VPN Jailbreak Guide: Can I jailbreak?   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple updates Mac Pro, confirms new model with modular design and pro displays due in 2018 By Christian Zibreg, Apr 4, 2017 Tweet 5 Comments Apple’s Mac Pro, last updated in December 2013, is receiving a spec-bump with faster Intel chips and other updates. The current Mac Pro model with a quad-core Xeon chip and dual AMD FirePro D300 graphics now has a faster processor with six cores and dual D500 GPUs for $2,999. The $3,999 six-core model with dual AMD FirePro D500 graphics now comes with eight CPU cores and dual D800 GPUs. Other than the faster Intel chips and updated AMD graphics, there are no other hardware changes. The ports have remained the same, meaning you still have your Thunderbolt 2 ports but no USB-C (and so no support for the LG UltraFine 5K display). Phil Schiller, Apple’s Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing, told Daring Fireball’s John Gruber that the company is in the process of “completely rethinking Mac Pro”. They’re working on a modular pro desktop that will let customers easily swap CPUs and GPUs with high-end ones.The Cupertino firm is also working on Apple-branded displays aimed at pro users that will launch at some point next year. Here’s Phil’s statement in full: We’re working on it. We have a team working hard on it right now, and we want to architect it so that we can keep it fresh with regular improvements, and we’re committed to making it our highest-end, high-throughput desktop system, designed for our demanding pro customers. As part of doing a new Mac Pro—it is, by definition, a modular system—we will be doing a pro display as well. Now you won’t see any of those products this year; we’re in the process of that. We think it’s really important to create something great for our pro customers who want a Mac Pro modular system, and that’ll take longer than this year to do. In the interim, we know there are a number of customers who continue to buy our [current Mac Pros]. To be clear, our current Mac Pro has met the needs of some of our customers, and we know clearly not all of our customers. None of this is black and white, it’s a wide variety of customers. Some… it’s the kind of system they wanted; others, it was not. In the meantime, we’re going to update the configs to make it faster and better for their dollar. This is not a new model, not a new design, we’re just going to update the configs. We’re doing that this week. We can give you the specifics on that. The CPUs, we’re moving them down the line. The GPUs, down the line, to get more performance per dollar for customers who DO need to continue to buy them on the interim until we get to a newly architected system. Mac desktops account for about one-fifth of overall Mac sales. As for Mac Pros, these machines represent a “single-digit percentage” of all Mac sales combined, said Apple. What do you guys make of this? Source: Daring Fireball Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple is “sorry” about “a pause” in Mac upgrades Mac mini is “important” and shall remain a product in Apple’s lineup for the time being Apple: “great” pro-level iMacs are in the pipeline, slated for release this year Apple officially opens iOS App Design and Development Accelerator in India Related Topics Apple, Craig Federighi, John Ternus, Mac, Mac Pro, News, Phil Schiller justin666 you meant to say “Thunderbolt 2” — Thunderbolt 3 is the same physical port as USB-C. Christian Zibreg Yeah, fixed. Thanks! malhal No there was no update, Macrumors got it wrong this time. What has actually happened is a price reduction. Mid-tier spec is now entry price. You still shouldn’t buy this 2013 hardware. Noohar Sounds good. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a242f05cc1a59dab5e83cef08cf4ef35c92f936f530b1cd8bdf40072faa9298d.jpg Benedict So Apple discovered the concept of a PC but only 3 times more expensive? Good luck…   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Analyst: iPhone 8 to be priced relative to Galaxy S8+ Has iOS 10.3 randomly turned on your previously disabled iCloud services in Settings? The Accountant, Arrival, and other iTunes movies under $10 Starbucks rolls out iMessage app for gifting digital cards with Apple Pay support Apple Music 2.0 for Android brings iOS 10 style interface, integrated lyrics & more   The latest jailbreak news WeatherLock brings the Weather app’s animated backgrounds to your Lock screen Confero 2 is a notification badge manager for your apps This tweak disables unwanted features in the Settings app Brightify gives the Spotify Music app a white makeover Get the Hermès and Nike+ watch faces on your Apple Watch with this tweak iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Wednesday April 5, 2017 News Business Larger / SmallerNight Mode McAfee rebranding creates pure-play cyber security company Michael Gorey 4 Apr 2017, 9:51 p.m. Global cyber security firm Intel Security has been renamed McAfee and now operates as an independent company, completing a split from Intel. Global cyber-security firm Intel Security has been renamed McAfee and now operates as an independent company, completing a split from Intel that was flagged in September. Intel continues to own 49 per cent of the new entity, which was valued at $US$4.2 billion ($5.5 billion). Private equity investors TPG and Thoma Bravo own the remaining 51 per cent. Widely known for its antivirus software, US-based McAfee has more than 200 million customers and detects more than 400,000 new threats a day. McAfee is installed on 300,000 devices across a range of Australian government agencies. Corporate vice-president Brian Dye, who was in Canberra last week, said the spin-out delivered a pure-play cyber-security company with a strong focus on innovation. Mr Dye said the separation involved back-end changes for McAfee, but for customers it was business as usual. He described cyber security as "the most pressing technical issue of our time" and said the company's strong focus was to automate protection. "We have to free up the time of human beings because, until we do, this game won't change," he said. "That's why we want to be a stand-alone organisation, to bring the full force and focus to that problem." Mr Dye said McAfee would continue as a privately owned company but added there could be "opportunities in the future to go public or do a different strategic transaction". In news sure to disappoint founder John McAfee, who left the company in 1994, Mr Dye said a name change was considered but rejected. In 2014 Mr McAfee said he was elated the business was being renamed Intel Security "freeing me from this terrible association with the worst software on the planet". Mr Dye said Mr McAfee had not been associated with the company for many years."We looked at it very carefully," he said. "McAfee is a very well known and trusted brand. What we want to do is evolve a great brand, rather than spend a whole bunch of money on marketing. "We'd rather spend our money on giving customers better security." Mr Dye said the company was striving for "day zero" protection. "The vast majority of attacks are seen and have full fixes for them in two to four days after the original attack has happened," he said. "The challenge is how do we keep pushing day zero protection, something that no one has ever seen before." Mr Dye said this could be achieved through machine learning and building security on platforms. "If we can engineer on a platform it's easier for us to add new features and it's easier for customers to adopt those new features," he said. "It doesn't help us if we provide a great new technology that will solve today's newest threat, and it takes customers 12 months to adopt it. "In the speed of this market, and the speed with which attacks come and go and shift, customers have to be able to adopt things within weeks or months of when we produce them, not quarters or years. "As you close one door the attackers try to open another one. It's a never-ending cat-and-mouse game." Mr Dye said independent validation of McAfee's strategy came from leading PC manufacturers, which ship the company's antivirus software on new PCs. "With machine-learning technology we take advantage of the fact we have hundreds of millions of users around the world on multiple platforms," he said. "We use the visibility from that to bake it into our learning algorithms and other updates that all our consumers get day in, day out without having any idea that it's happening. "We want them to explore safely and do their business safely when they need to without having to worry about cyber security." The story McAfee rebranding creates pure-play cyber security company first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald. Latest News Over-the-phone abortion service safe and effective, review finds The NSW university that has underpaid staff millions of dollars Australian unis commit to releasing sexual assault data New measles outbreak: infected people spent time at children's hospital Medals stolen from Terrace veteran’s home | photos Editor's Picks Popular Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Video tells of Hunter’s steam train history Climb aboard this railway journey and discover the Hunter region’s history, just in time for Steamfest. Schools get Easter Show ready Ned Kelly, Shane Warne, and Ernie Dingo will head to Sydney's Olympic Park for the Royal Easter Show. Steaming up for Steamfest Two days of trains, steam and exhibits - what more would you need? No new beds as feds announce ice ‘teams’ The $300 million the feds allocated to deal with ice is flawed. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport NRL AFL Tournament NRL Tournament Opinion Letters Polls Community Events Photo Sales Annual Business Awards Annual Business Awards - Vote here Competitions Search Local Products & Services Myall Coast Nota News Local Business Feature Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place your own classified Ag and Rural Tributes Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Big Data Analytics Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers McAfee single and independent after strained marriage with Intel Security Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Best drones for kids BuzzFeed IPO rumoured for next year Best Chrome Extensions Windows 10 update designed for Creators with 3D app and mixed reality headset Ford rolls out virtual try before you buy to supercharge test drives Responsibility in the IoT: Why security can’t be treated as an afterthought Bosch, Daimler latest heavyweights to carpool on driverless cars Shares in Imagination Technologies crash 70% as UK chip firm loses biggest customer Apple IBM gains patent for machine learning self-driving system Bosch, Daimler latest heavyweights to carpool on driverless cars Three, Cisco sign major IoT deal to bring connectivity to global enterprise CeBit 2017: Huawei leads the wei on road to digital transformation Cognitive and AI spend to hit $12.5bn this year Nearly 1 in 4 fear robots taking over the world IBM gains patent for machine learning self-driving system Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS VMware sells vCloud Air business to hosting giant OVH What is the true value of the Cloud? Rackspace launches GSS to make cloud migration easy Three Private Cloud Myths Busted! What is the true value of the Cloud? Rackspace launches GSS to make cloud migration easy VMware sells vCloud Air business to hosting giant OVH What is the true value of the Cloud? Rackspace launches GSS to make cloud migration easy What is the true value of the Cloud? Dropbox secures $600m credit line ahead of potential IPO this year The Platform Economy – Providing the Foundation for the Future Economy Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Turing Award winner Sir Tim Berners-Lee wades into encryption row BlackBerry CSO: Medical devices need warnings to stop hackers killing NatWest bank report finds 1 in 4 UK law firms hacked or hit by fraud last year Turing Award winner Sir Tim Berners-Lee wades into encryption row McAfee single and independent after strained marriage with Intel Security BlackBerry CSO: Medical devices need warnings to stop hackers killing Turing Award winner Sir Tim Berners-Lee wades into encryption row McAfee single and independent after strained marriage with Intel Security BlackBerry CSO: Medical devices need warnings to stop hackers killing Turing Award winner Sir Tim Berners-Lee wades into encryption row McAfee single and independent after strained marriage with Intel Security BlackBerry CSO: Medical devices need warnings to stop hackers killing Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops How To Build A Mobile Workforce Microsoft collaboration challenge to Cisco boosted by cloud shift Shares in Imagination Technologies crash 70% as UK chip firm loses biggest customer Apple How To Build A Mobile Workforce Shares in Imagination Technologies crash 70% as UK chip firm loses biggest customer Apple Best wireless chargers for android How To Build A Mobile Workforce Microsoft collaboration challenge to Cisco boosted by cloud shift App-centric Infrastructure Performance Management Explained How To Build A Mobile Workforce Microsoft collaboration challenge to Cisco boosted by cloud shift AT&T lands $46bn LTE mega-deal for first responders How To Build A Mobile Workforce Windows 10 update designed for Creators with 3D app and mixed reality headset Best Video Editing Software for Mac Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular VMware sells vCloud Air business to hosting giant OVH Former Intel CIO to lead Lenovo data centre business Equinix Cloud Exchange expands in Europe to bring more cloud choice to business The power of Facebook: What the data centre world can learn from Open Compute Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Microsoft embraces open source innovation for data centres at OCP 2017 Schneider Electric targets IoT and edge apps with micro data centre Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change CUI chills the data centre market with ICE Block Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Interxion expands European colo market with new London data centre Facebook fails to throw out lawsuit that alleges data centre design theft Big Data Analytics Captain Sully: Leave your ego at the door, says hero pilot at SAS Global Forum What is a Data Scientist? Will user behaviour analytics KO SIEM? Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Cohesity raises $90m as Google, Cisco & HPE invest in storage Hello DXC Technology, Goodbye HPE Enterpise Services and CSC World Backup Day: Is it needed or not? Tech experts share their views Captain Sully: Leave your ego at the door, says hero pilot at SAS Global Forum Hello DXC Technology, Goodbye HPE Enterpise Services and CSC World’s first robo-adviser for mortgage market to launch in the UK Intel gives traditional hard drives a speed boost with Optane Memory Qualcomm Snapdragon is now a platform, not a processor Facebook unveils new GPU server Big Basin Is Oracle looking to acquire Accenture? AWS puts the call centre in the cloud with Amazon Connect 2017: the year when identity and access management is placed at the heart of digital transformation Hello DXC Technology, Goodbye HPE Enterpise Services and CSC The Application Love Affair: Delivering what the Business wants, when it wants it App-centric Infrastructure Performance Management Explained VMware sells vCloud Air business to hosting giant OVH Hello DXC Technology, Goodbye HPE Enterpise Services and CSC What is the true value of the Cloud? Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers English French What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers BlackBerry CSO: Medical devices need warnings to stop hackers killing Turing Award winner Sir Tim Berners-Lee wades into encryption row Cyber SecurityBusiness Back to Home McAfee single and independent after strained marriage with Intel Security Increase / Decrease text size Byomakesh Biswal   - Senior Reporter 4th April 2017 Add to favorites Intel will retain a 49% stake in anti-virus provider. Anti-virus software provider McAfee has began operating as a standalone company following the completion of a stake purchase by TPG. Last year, Intel entered into an agreement with private equity firm TPG to sell 51% in McAfee, which was acquired by the chipmaker nearly seven years ago. In 2014, Intel renamed McAfee as Intel Security following the $7.68bn acquisition. But the company has now regained its old name after the close of the transaction that sees Intel retain a 49% equity stake in the new entity. According to industry watchers, it was one of the worst acquisitions of the chip major in recent times. READ MORE: Intel Security sets new cyber security strategy for McAfee spin-off McAfee CEO Christopher Young said: “As a standalone company with a clear purpose, McAfee gains the agility to unite people, technology and organisations against our common adversaries and ensure our technology-driven future is safe.” Holding over 1,200 security technology patents, McAfee employs more than 7,500 cybersecurity professionals. McAfee announced that a private equity firm Thoma Bravo has become a minority investor in the company through an agreement with TPG. The company will be led by Intel senior vice president and general manager Chris Young, while TPG Partner Bryan Taylor will act as chairman of the board. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said: “Security remains important to Intel, and in addition to our equity position and ongoing collaboration with McAfee, Intel will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices.” Originally the idea behind the McAfee acquisition was for Intel to build more security features into chips in addition to providing it with a potential route into personal computers. In October last year, Intel Security launched new products which leverage cloud technologies, designed to protect devices against latest malware and other cyber threats. The 2017 McAfee product line-up included McAfee AntiVirus Plus, McAfee Internet Security, McAfee Total Protection and McAfee LiveSafe TPG Capital partner and McAfee chairman of the board Bryan Taylor said: “We look forward to working with the company and our partners to accelerate growth and continue building a leading cybersecurity platform that serves to protect customers in today’s changing environment.” Tags McAfee Previous ArticleBosch, Daimler latest heavyweights to carpool on driverless cars Next ArticleTuring Award winner Sir Tim Berners-Lee wades into encryption row Most read What is the true value of the Cloud? Ellie Burns 3rd April 2017 Oracle, Accenture acquisition rumour “completely untrue” Ellie Burns 3rd April 2017 IBM gains patent for machine learning self-driving system Byomakesh Biswal 31st March 2017 Women’s History Month: Top female pioneers in tech Hannah Williams 31st March 2017 NatWest bank report finds 1 in 4 UK law firms hacked or hit by fraud last year Tom Ball 31st March 2017 Robot Wars – Google Home joins the fight Joe Clark 29th March 2017 Blackrock bets on robots to win big on stock markets Tom Ball 29th March 2017 Latest White Papers How Intel IT’s Integrated Analytics Platform Helps Sales and Marketing By Intel Le stockage de demain By Kaminario Overcome the Attacker Advantage with McAfee Endpoint Security By Intel Editor’s Pick Hello DXC Technology, Goodbye HPE Enterpise Services and CSC Ellie Burns 3rd April 2017 Microsoft collaboration challenge to Cisco boosted by cloud shift Joe Clark 3rd April 2017 World’s first robo-adviser for mortgage market to launch in the UK Tom Ball 3rd April 2017 Google, Facebook & Microsoft promise to tackle terrorist propaganda Hannah Williams 31st March 2017 The Platform Economy – Providing the Foundation for the Future Economy James Nunns 31st March 2017 Related News Markets Turing Award winner Sir Tim Berners-Lee wades into encryption row Ellie Burns 4th April 2017 Markets BlackBerry CSO: Medical devices need warnings to stop hackers killing Tom Ball 4th April 2017 NatWest bank report finds 1 in 4 UK law firms hacked or hit by fraud last year Tom Ball 31st March 2017 Latest in 4th Revolution 4th Revolution Bosch, Daimler latest heavyweights to carpool on driverless cars Ellie Burns 4th April 2017 4th Revolution Elon Musk links brains and computers in latest AI venture Byomakesh Biswal 28th March 2017 4th Revolution IBM turns dog whisperer with drone that will look after your pets Byomakesh Biswal 27th March 2017 Latest in Analysis “No-one ever got fired for choosing IBM”…A proverb of modern times or the reality of choosing brand over benefits? Ellie Burns 4th April 2017 The Application Love Affair: Delivering what the Business wants, when it wants it Ellie Burns 3rd April 2017 Robot Wars – Google Home joins the fight Joe Clark 29th March 2017 What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers © 2016 COMPUTER BUSINESS REVIEW. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Favourites Favorite list is empty.Clear favorites Your favorite posts saved to your browsers cookies. If you clear cookies also favorite posts will be deleted. Latest News on CBR Cognitive and AI spend to hit $12.5bn this year 15 hours ago Accenture boosts automation with Genfour buyout 15 hours ago “No-one ever got fired for choosing IBM”…A proverb of modern times or the reality of choosing brand over benefits? 15 hours ago Nearly 1 in 4 fear robots taking over the world 16 hours ago Cohesity raises $90m as Google, Cisco & HPE invest in storage 16 hours ago VMware sells vCloud Air business to hosting giant OVH 17 hours ago Turing Award winner Sir Tim Berners-Lee wades into encryption row 18 hours ago McAfee single and independent after strained marriage with Intel Security 19 hours ago Bosch, Daimler latest heavyweights to carpool on driverless cars 20 hours ago Digital disruption demands hybrid infrastructure 20 hours ago Changing face of Mobile World Congress 20 hours ago AOL, Yahoo make Oath for new combined company 21 hours ago Energy blockchain startup brings ex-Npower CEO on board 21 hours ago Three Private Cloud Myths Busted! 22 hours ago BlackBerry CSO: Medical devices need warnings to stop hackers killing 22 hours ago Captain Sully: Leave your ego at the door, says hero pilot at SAS Global Forum 23 hours ago
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks ENTERPRISE & IT WEARABLES Home> Systems Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel Mobile Smartphones GPUs CPUs Storage SSDs NVIDIA Samsung Home> Systems ASUS Launches the Zen AiO ZN270IE: A 27-inch Full HD Core i7 All-In-One by Anton Shilov on April 4, 2017 10:10 AM EST Posted in Systems Intel Asus AIO Kaby Lake Zen AiO 5 Comments | Add A Comment 5 Comments + Add A Comment ASUS has expanded its Zen AiO lineup of all-in-one PCs for 2017 with new 27” models. The company’s largest AIOs will fit into the current lineup of Intel Kaby Lake-based systems and offer bigger displays and higher performance than models featuring 22” and 24” screens due to desktop-class CPUs being installed. ASUS introduced its first AIO PCs with 22” and 24” monitors at Computex 2015 nearly two years ago. Since then the company has been gradually expanding its lineup of all-in-one desktop computers: first, it introduced more affordable Vivo AiO systems, and then it launched ASUS PRO AIOs for business users. Earlier this year the company began to add premium models into the Zen AiO family, targeting consumers who need better screens and/or higher performance. Back in January ASUS announced its Zen AiO Pro Z240IE, that is based on Intel’s 35W quad-core CPUs and 4K displays. In late March, ASUS added the Zen AiO ZN270IE into the lineup with a bigger 27” FHD display. Just like the premium models introduced in January, the ASUS Zen AiO ZN270IE is based on Intel’s Core i7-T processors. However, similarities with the Zen AiO Pro Z240IE seem to end here. The Zen AiO ZN270IE comes with NVIDIA’s low-end GeForce 940MX GPU with 2 GB of DRAM (cheap versions of the ZN270IE use Intel’s iGPU, but this particular dGPU is barely faster than modern iGPUs), from 4 to 16 GB of DDR4 memory, up to a 512 GB SSD as well as 1 or 2 TB HDD storage, 802.11ac, a GbE controller and so on. The PC is equipped with an audio sub-system featuring four 3W speakers co-developed with harman/kardon, a 1 MP webcam (a premium version features Intel’s RealSense camera array with RGB and IR sensors), six USB Type-A ports, an SD/MMC card reader as well as HDMI connectors. ASUS 27" Zen AiO PC Specifications   Zen AiO ZN270IE Display 27" IPS with 1920 × 1080 resolution 27" IPS with 1920 × 1080 resolution with 10-point multi-touch CPU Intel Core i7-7700T 4C/8T, 2.9/3.8 GHz HD Graphics 630 35 W Intel Core i5-7400T 4C/4T, 2.4/3.0 GHz HD Graphics 630 35 W PCH Intel H110 Graphics NVIDIA GeForce GTX 940MX 2GB (384 SPs) Intel HD Graphics 630 Memory  4 or 16 GB of DDR4 Storage 512 GB SSD (SATA or PCIe?) 1 or 2 TB 2.5" HDD Wi-Fi IEEE 802.11ac Wi-Fi + BT 4.0 Ethernet GbE Display Outputs 1 × HDMI 1 × HDMI IN Audio 4 × 3 W speakers (harman/kardon) 1 × audio in 1 × audio out USB 4 × USB 3.0 Type-A (5 Gbps) 2 × USB 2.0 Type-A Other I/O 1 MP webcam Intel RealSense cam (RGB and IR) on AIOs with multi-touch LCDs SD/MMC card reader Dimensions 649 mm × 481 mm × 62 mm PSU 90 W 120 W OS Windows 10 Home It is noteworthy that while ASUS now offers AIO PCs with 27” displays (some models will feature 10-point multi-touch, some will not), for now they still feature FHD resolution (1920×1080). Over time we may see more advanced 27” AIOs with higher-resolution screens and further performance enhancements, like Apple does with its iMac systems. ASUS has not announced recommended prices for its Zen AiO ZN270IE PCs, but since the company intends to offer multiple versions of the product, they will naturally vary significantly depending on the retailer/local distribution. Gallery: ASUS Zen AiO ZN270IE Related Reading: ASUS Designo Curve MX34VQ Incoming: 34" Ultrawide Curved Display with Qi Charging The Microsoft Surface Studio Review Microsoft Announces the Surface Studio: 28-inch AIO with Touch, Pen, 4500x3000, Skylake, GTX 980M CES 2016: 34-inch 3440x1440 AIO Hands-On at GIGABYTE Source: ASUS Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 5 Comments View All Comments kapg - Tuesday, April 04, 2017 - link I am unable to understand why manufacturers omit the USB-C in their new product launches!!! Does it cost a lot to include the USB-C??....also now it it natively supported by the latest Intel chipset Reply jumpmanjay - Tuesday, April 04, 2017 - link Was just about to post the same thing. It's 2017, USB-C should be standard on everything now. Reply bigboxes - Tuesday, April 04, 2017 - link Agreed. Lame Asus. Reply tim1724 - Tuesday, April 04, 2017 - link Only 1080p on a 27" display? Um… yay giant pixels? I'll stick with my 2.5-year-old iMac with its 5K (5120 x 2880) resolution. Reply Ej24 - Tuesday, April 04, 2017 - link I wish Nvidia would make a gt1040 already. There needs to be a nice, little gpu for these types of devices that supports modern interfaces and codecs and has dedicated vram. Reply 1 PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News ASUS Launches VG245Q 'Console' Gaming Monitor: 1080p with FreeSync, $200 Transcend Launches New PCIe M.2 SSDs: The MTE850 Series Apple to Redesign Mac Pro, Comments That GPU Cooling Was A Roadblock ASUS Launches the Zen AiO ZN270IE: A 27-inch Full HD Core i7 All-In-One A New Challenger Appears: Palit's Own-Brand UVS and GFS SSDs Announced JEDEC: DDR5 to Double Bandwidth Over DDR4, NVDIMM-P Specification Due Next Year ADATA Launches the SU700 SSD Range: Maxiotek MK8115, 3D TLC, Up to 960 GB FSP Dagger 500W and 600W SFX PSUs Come To Market: From $99 with 80Plus Gold Best Tablets: Q1 2017 Best Android Phones: Q1 2017 AUKEY’s CB-C55 USB-C Hub Now on Sale: Macbook Port Expander with Power and Ethernet Cosemi Announces 328-Feet ‘8K-Ready’ OptoDP Active DisplayPort 1.4 Optical Cable TWEETS IanCutress: @stephenjbrooks 3+1 would probably be thrown away / bad yield 2+3 would be made a 2+2 IanCutress: @ALEXenJOY The plan is 1080/1060 and 480/Fury. AoTS, Civ6 and RoTR in DX12. Best laid plans... IanCutress: @EErosx Still WIP. Had to scrap 3 tests today, new anti-cheat is blocking my script. The other 6 seem good. Plan is… https://t.co/m3uKZpro9B IanCutress: Numbers on Ryzen looking highly interesting. Verifies a reason for shared CCX (2+2) over 4+0. Competing with CCX scheduling too. Hm IanCutress: @SomeGadgetGuy (I'm yanking your chain, just a little :D) RyanSmithAT: @BlnaryMlke Typical late night. Thanks! RyanSmithAT: For awhile I had assumed that Apple was holding out for AMD Vega since Fiji wasn't viable for them. However this i… https://t.co/saa9i8ihuk RyanSmithAT: @TMFChipFool @PatrickMoorhead Scheduling may be an issue, but it's something that sounds like it could be fun to do RyanSmithAT: @MukiEX57 @anandtech I'd wager it's less likely than likely. Volume is too small for dGPUs. So anything Apple does… https://t.co/2NHN57iQYj RyanSmithAT: @lezmaka @Techmeme Thanks ganeshts: @BrettHowse @majornelson QNAP has some unique well-developed features such as Virtualization Station (QEMU, made easy to use) ganeshts: @BrettHowse @majornelson Particular choice depends on needed feature set. Syno can enable 'privately hosted' G-Suite/Slack 'replacement' ganeshts: @BrettHowse @majornelson Business use-cases / multi-employee offices - Synology, Home use - QNAP's feature set is better ganeshts: @chrisheinonen Can we use wireless HEOS speakers for the surround and rear channels with these AVRs? ganeshts: @FPiednoel Socket 370 / 820E chipset? Otherwise, I am giving up :) Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? We’ve updated our terms. By continuing to use the site and/or by logging into your account, you agree to the Site’s updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals CPUFreq vs. P-State CPU Scaling Governor Tests On Various Vulkan/OpenGL Games Written by Michael Larabel in Linux Gaming on 4 April 2017. Page 1 of 7. 11 Comments With the recent release of some new Linux games like the Serious Sam 2017 update and Mad Max, also with featuring Vulkan renderers, here are some fresh Intel P-State vs. ACPI CPUFreq frequency scaling driver and governor comparisons with a variety of Linux games. Particularly on the P-State side, our CPU scaling driver tests over the years have showed the potential for big swings in performance depending upon the governor/driver, but in other games there are minimal differences. The Intel CPU generation can also play a role with sometimes the newer Intel hardware having a tougher time performing well with the Intel P-State powersave mode that's commonly the default on many Linux distributions. For this fresh P-State/CPUFreq testing today, I was using an Intel Core i7 7700K Kabylake system paired with NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti graphics. Ubuntu 16.10 x86_64 was running on this test system today. Configurations tested included P-State powersave (the Ubuntu default for newer Intel CPUs), P-State performance, CPUFreq ondemand, CPUFreq performance, CPUFreq powersave, and CPUFreq conservative. All other system settings and packages remained the same throughout testing. First up are some Linux OpenGL game tests followed by the Vulkan game tests. In addition to looking at the raw performance, the AC system power consumption was monitored using a WattsUp Pro power meter interfacing with the Phoronix Test Suite to provide performance-per-Watt metrics. Also at the end are recorded GPU and CPU utilization graphs generated by the Phoronix Test Suite for further looking at the differences caused by the CPU scaling drivers/governors. Tweet Page 1 - IntroductionPage 2 - OpenGL Linux GamingPage 3 - OpenGL Linux GamingPage 4 - OpenGL Linux GamingPage 5 - Vulkan Linux GamingPage 6 - Vulkan Linux GamingPage 7 - Vulkan Linux Gaming Page: 1234567Next Page 11 Comments Related Articles Vulkan vs. OpenGL For Mad Max On AMD Ryzen NVIDIA Vulkan Driver Shows Impressive Mad Max Linux Performance RadeonSI OpenGL vs. RADV Vulkan Performance For Mad Max Intel OpenGL/Vulkan Linux Graphics With Serious Sam 2017 RADV vs. NVIDIA Vulkan/OpenGL Performance For Serious Sam 2017 Trending Linux News AMD Ryzen Has Captivated Linux Gamers & Enthusiasts April Fools' Or Should Wayland Switch Away From Using C? Students Are Missing Out On An Incredible Opportunity To Get Involved With Mesa, Wayland GTK+ 3.90.0 Released, Advancing Towards GTK 4.0 VP9 Encoder Gets Better Multi-Threading Performance Latest Linux News OpenBenchmarking.org Crosses 23 Million Test/Suite Benchmark Downloads SDL Updates Game Controller Support With Nintendo Switch Pro & More A New KDE Music Player: Elisa The EU Is Funding Work Into Low-Power GPU Tech Trying Out Xonotic 0.8.2 With Radeon & NVIDIA GPUs On Linux Fedora 26 Alpha Released Serious Sam VR: The Second Encounter Launches On Steam Vulkan's VK_KHR_incremental_present Now Supported By Mesa's ANV/RADV Drivers DRM Maintainers Are Running Out Of Time To Ship New Features For Linux 4.12 Haiku OS Picks Up AMD Ryzen Support, More Driver Improvements Latest Featured Articles CPUFreq vs. P-State CPU Scaling Governor Tests On Various Vulkan/OpenGL Games Kicking Off April With An Eight-Way BSD/Linux Comparison 14-Way NVIDIA Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal OpenGL vs. Vulkan With Mad Max On Linux Vulkan vs. OpenGL For Mad Max On AMD Ryzen NVIDIA Vulkan Driver Shows Impressive Mad Max Linux Performance Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Dr Reddy's Srikakulam unit receives Form 483 with 2 observations Business Standard Intel bets on artificial intelligence, to train 15,000 people in India Says AI will contribute to the biggest workload in data centres by 2020 Alnoor Peermohamed  |  Bengaluru  April 5, 2017 Last Updated at 01:45 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUrgRR ALSO READ Machine learning, AI next wave of business for Sophos India Google banks on artificial intelligence, machine learning for future growth Start-ups have opportunity to leverage data, AI for growth: Manish Singhal Prakash Mallya to replace Debjani Ghosh as Intel South Asia MD Intel is betting on Artificial Intelligence (AI) to drive demand for its electronic chips, for which it is aiming to train 15,000 scientists, developers, engineers and students on AI in India over the next one year. The company will host 60 courses under its ‘AI Developer Education Program’. These will train people on ways they can adopt AI for better research, testing or even building of products. Intel is looking at India due to the country's large base of technical talent. The country is the third largest global site for AI companies. “As India undergoes rapid digital transformation, data centres and the intelligence behind the data collected will enable the government and industry to make effective decisions based on algorithms. This means increasing opportunities for using AI in the country,” said Prakash Mallya, managing director at Intel for South Asia. He says adoption of AI in developing countries would be much faster than in developed nations, as the magnitude of change it will bring will be far larger. Intel wishes to involve the government, academia and hospitals, too. Research on AI and Machine Learning is already on at all Indian Institutes of Technologies (IITs), the Indian Institute of Science and some private universities. The company is keen to partner with these institutions, to drive adoption of its services and to get the next generation of scientists and technologists trained for using its products and services. “Our research groups are currently working on implementation of evolutionary algorithms in parallel environments, and using Intel based platforms and software tools to deploy, parallelise and optimise systems,” said Pushpak Bhattacharya, Director at IIT, Patna. Intel says by 2020, AI would contribute to the biggest workload in data centres, as analysis of data becomes ever more important for businesses, governments and academia. Its products reflect this change, becoming more capable in handling tasks on machine learning, computer vision and the like.  The company says use of AI in sectors such as autonomous driving and the internet of things will create massive amounts of data, which in turn will have to be analysed. Mallya says a million autonomous cars have the capacity to create half as much data as humanity creates as a whole today. Read More On Intel | Artificial Intelligence | Machine Learning | Prakash Mallya | Technology | Iit | Products | Services | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements ad Organizational Change. MIT's Online Program Club ITC - 25% earnings on dining at ITC Hotels Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Start Free* Trading in Share Market for 1st Month Lead Organizations & Change Online Course from MIT Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance 0* Brokerage for 1st Mnth Trading &100% Free* Demat A/c New to investing in shares? A guide to creating a retirement budget -Business Standard New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Intel bets on artificial intelligence, to train 15,000 people in India Says AI will contribute to the biggest workload in data centres by 2020 Says AI will contribute to the biggest workload in data centres by 2020 Intel is betting on Artificial Intelligence (AI) to drive demand for its electronic chips, for which it is aiming to train 15,000 scientists, developers, engineers and students on AI in India over the next one year. The company will host 60 courses under its ‘AI Developer Education Program’. These will train people on ways they can adopt AI for better research, testing or even building of products. Intel is looking at India due to the country's large base of technical talent. The country is the third largest global site for AI companies. “As India undergoes rapid digital transformation, data centres and the intelligence behind the data collected will enable the government and industry to make effective decisions based on algorithms. This means increasing opportunities for using AI in the country,” said Prakash Mallya, managing director at Intel for South Asia. He says adoption of AI in developing countries would be much faster than in developed nations, as the magnitude of change it will bring will be far larger. Intel wishes to involve the government, academia and hospitals, too. Research on AI and Machine Learning is already on at all Indian Institutes of Technologies (IITs), the Indian Institute of Science and some private universities. The company is keen to partner with these institutions, to drive adoption of its services and to get the next generation of scientists and technologists trained for using its products and services. “Our research groups are currently working on implementation of evolutionary algorithms in parallel environments, and using Intel based platforms and software tools to deploy, parallelise and optimise systems,” said Pushpak Bhattacharya, Director at IIT, Patna. Intel says by 2020, AI would contribute to the biggest workload in data centres, as analysis of data becomes ever more important for businesses, governments and academia. Its products reflect this change, becoming more capable in handling tasks on machine learning, computer vision and the like.  The company says use of AI in sectors such as autonomous driving and the internet of things will create massive amounts of data, which in turn will have to be analysed. Mallya says a million autonomous cars have the capacity to create half as much data as humanity creates as a whole today. Alnoor Peermohamed Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Intel bets on artificial intelligence, to train 15,000 people in India Says AI will contribute to the biggest workload in data centres by 2020 Intel is betting on Artificial Intelligence (AI) to drive demand for its electronic chips, for which it is aiming to train 15,000 scientists, developers, engineers and students on AI in India over the next one year. The company will host 60 courses under its ‘AI Developer Education Program’. These will train people on ways they can adopt AI for better research, testing or even building of products. Intel is looking at India due to the country's large base of technical talent. The country is the third largest global site for AI companies. “As India undergoes rapid digital transformation, data centres and the intelligence behind the data collected will enable the government and industry to make effective decisions based on algorithms. This means increasing opportunities for using AI in the country,” said Prakash Mallya, managing director at Intel for South Asia. He says adoption of AI in developing countries would be much faster than in developed nations, as the magnitude of change it will bring will be far larger. Intel wishes to involve the government, academia and hospitals, too. Research on AI and Machine Learning is already on at all Indian Institutes of Technologies (IITs), the Indian Institute of Science and some private universities. The company is keen to partner with these institutions, to drive adoption of its services and to get the next generation of scientists and technologists trained for using its products and services. “Our research groups are currently working on implementation of evolutionary algorithms in parallel environments, and using Intel based platforms and software tools to deploy, parallelise and optimise systems,” said Pushpak Bhattacharya, Director at IIT, Patna. Intel says by 2020, AI would contribute to the biggest workload in data centres, as analysis of data becomes ever more important for businesses, governments and academia. Its products reflect this change, becoming more capable in handling tasks on machine learning, computer vision and the like.  The company says use of AI in sectors such as autonomous driving and the internet of things will create massive amounts of data, which in turn will have to be analysed. Mallya says a million autonomous cars have the capacity to create half as much data as humanity creates as a whole today. Alnoor Peermohamed Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Datrium Introduces Data Cloud Software and DVX Rackscale Systems SUNNYVALE, Calif., April 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Datrium, the leading provider of Open Converged Infrastructure for private clouds, today announced Data Cloud software, a suite of scalable, secure cloud data management tools, integrated with its award-winning Datrium DVX Open Convergence platform. The company also announced DVX Rackscale systems, providing virtualization administrators turnkey systems to speed infrastructure deployment and simplify end-to-end support. Private clouds are changing significantly in response to increasing use of public clouds.  Infrastructure modernization is re-focusing on reducing complexity for virtualization administrators, so traditional systems, including storage arrays, are declining in favor of converged infrastructure approaches. In addition, organizations are relying more heavily on their converged systems for richer data management so administrators have a more cloud-like experience managing infrastructure. Where the goal used to be best-of-breed hardware, now it’s become a race to effortless. The Datrium DVX Data Cloud Effortless Infrastructure Datrium introduced turnkey DVX Rackscale systems to further simplify webscale or tier 1 private cloud infrastructure deployments. The new Rackscale systems combine DVX Data Nodes with new DVX Compute Nodes, available with either 16 Core Intel® Xeon® E5-2620 v4 2.1GHz processors or 28 Core Intel® Xeon® E5-2680 v4 2.4GHz processors, and pre-configured with up to 768GB RAM, 8 SSDs and DVX Software. DVX Rackscale configurations can start as small as a single DVX Compute Node and Data Node, and can scale-out to 32 compute nodes per DVX Data Node. Unlike hyperconverged infrastructure, DVX Rackscale systems offer automatic performance isolation, robust security, and accommodate mix-and-match of DVX Compute Nodes with third party compute nodes running DVX Software. The new Rackscale systems are available with end-to-end Datrium Support which provides advanced 24×7 call home and analytics capabilities. „At Panda Energy, we were looking for a combination of application performance with secondary storage economics, all while reducing deployment and maintenance time,” said Darel Stokes, IT director at Panda Energy. „When we looked at hyperconverged systems, the rip-and-replace of our server infrastructure was going to be a nightmare. With the new rack-scale DVX, we can get the simplicity of turnkey, rack-scale infrastructure while being able to integrate our existing servers—there is nothing else like it in the market.” Extending Effortless to the Network To further simplify rackscale operation and avoid switch configuration where possible, Datrium systems now include innovative Adaptive Pathing software. As networks also move toward commoditization, reducing operator learning curves mean less complexity and better change control. Using Datrium’s end-to-end path awareness, top-of-rack switches no longer need settings such as LACP or MC-LAG for advanced multipath availability and link-aggregated bandwidth. And it needs no configuration settings – it’s always on.  „As enterprises move increasingly in the direction of hybrid cloud environments, we are seeing the evolution of new architectures that are better able to deliver on customer expectations about cloud flexibility, economic and ease of use advantages,” said Eric Burgener, research director Storage, at IDC. „Datrium is unique in the industry for having pioneered a new approach to convergence that fully supports the flexibility benefits of the disaggregated server-storage model, and with Data Cloud is delivering a more cloud-optimized version that will initially support private clouds but lays the foundation for their multi-cloud data management vision.” Effortless, Integrated Multi-Cloud Data Management Datrium Data Cloud software builds on the application-centric ease of Datrium’s Open Converged Infrastructure to further collapse the systems administration burden of legacy data management products common to SANs and traditional converged infrastructure. Datrium’s end-to-end deduplication, compression, erasure coding and Blanket Encryption provide the ideal platform for integrating these functions. Data Cloud extends the Datrium platform to integrate functions normally found in third party backup, DR, copy data management and archiving products: Dynamic Policy Management for VM-based Data Management Datrium Protection Groups dynamically bind arbitrary collections of VM, vDisk and file (e.g. templates, ISOs) objects and apply scheduling, retention and replication policies. A Protection Group can include any quantity of objects and even supports overlapping objects with other Protection Groups. Finally, all objects within a Protection Group can be snapped at the same IO moment across hosts for data consistency. To scale, protection group policies are dynamic and inherit all new VMs that fit naming wildcards. Copy Data Management for DevOps In one click or a simple CLI script, VMs can be cloned from existing or snapshot VMs or PGs. Test environments can be quickly cloned from full production builds with minimal capacity and without performance impact, accelerating software development and improving the quality of the result. VM-Centric Backup and Restore Based on Datrium redirect-on-write (RoW) snapshots, backups are granular (vDisk and file level), incorporate dynamic policy management, and include a searchable catalog called a Snapstore. A Datrium system can support hundreds of thousands of VM snapshots. LUN-snap-style browsing for recovery can’t work at this scale, so a Snapstore catalog provides simple, quick searchability. Disaster Recovery (DR) and Offsite Archiving Based on Datrium’s WAN-optimized Elastic Replication, production data can be protected with snapshot–based asynchronous replication capable of providing up to 48 recovery points per day per Protection Group. Replication performance scales elastically with the number of hosts configured. Minimal host overhead is required since only data-reduced snapshot deltas are sent from host flash. Elastic Replication is also fault-tolerant. Unlike HCI-based replication, which stops if a small number of hosts are down, Datrium replication continues even if only a single host remains online. The software also supports 1-to-many, many-to-1, and bidirectional replication topologies. Secure Public Cloud Archiving In a subsequent version of Data Cloud, the company will offer replication to Amazon Web Services (AWS). Based on Elastic Replication, this flexible, secure cloud-based archive will leverage the same on-wire data reduction as well as Blanket Encryption for end-to-end data security between private and public cloud data centers. „At Neovera, we manage over a petabyte of data and are always looking for better ways to secure, protect and manage that data for our customers. Honestly, we thought we had seen it all in cloud data management until we tried Datrium Data Cloud,” said Scott Weinberg, CEO and founder at Neovera. „Datrium has integrated everything we need in one platform to both run our key performance-intensive workloads as well as handle the data management activities our clients demand. And the copy granularity and policy automation will save us time and improve client uptime.” „Datrium is moving Open Convergence mainstream by making infrastructure effortless for the VM administrator,” said Brian Biles, CEO of Datrium. „While the hyperconvergence landscape is now more about M&A than innovation, Datrium is rapidly evolving a vastly better, turnkey rackscale private cloud with rich, deeply integrated and scalable cloud data management. And it’s still early in the year.” Pricing and Availability Data Cloud Foundation which includes snapshots, Snapstore, Policy Groups policy templating and search, are available today at no additional charge with any DVX system running DVX Software v2.0. Elastic Replication and previously announced Blanket Encryption are available today at no additional charge with any DVX system running DVX Software v2.0. Elastic Replication support for Secure Archiving to AWS is planned for release by March 2018, with pricing to be announced at that time. DVX Rackscale systems are available today, with U.S. list pricing starting at $118K and includes Datrium v2.0 software. [BLOG] 3 Challenges Blocking The Rise Of Cloud Data Management [VIDEO] Datrium CTO Talks Data Cloud Vision [VIDEO] Datrium Founders Review Data Cloud Capabilities [BROADCAST] Datrium Data Cloud Launch About Datrium Datrium is the leader in Open Convergence for private clouds. Datrium converges storage and compute in a radical new way—modeled on public cloud IaaS versus traditional converged infrastructure or hyper-convergence—for vastly simpler performance and predictability. The company is led by the founders and early top architects of Data Domain and VMware. Datrium has been named to Gartner’s Cool Vendors in Storage Technologies, 2016. For more information, visit www.datrium.com and follow @datriumstorage on Twitter.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/datrium-introduces-data-cloud-software-and-dvx-rackscale-systems-300433995.html SOURCE Datrium Related Links http://www.datrium.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 5 Small-Cap Stocks to Buy in April Next PostNext Is a Paid Subscription Service in the Cards for Twitter Inc? Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Datrium Introduces Data Cloud Software and DVX Rackscale Systems SUNNYVALE, Calif., April 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Datrium, the leading provider of Open Converged Infrastructure for private clouds, today announced Data Cloud software, a suite of scalable, secure cloud data management tools, integrated with its award-winning Datrium DVX Open Convergence platform. The company also announced DVX Rackscale systems, providing virtualization administrators turnkey systems to speed infrastructure deployment and simplify end-to-end support. Private clouds are changing significantly in response to increasing use of public clouds.  Infrastructure modernization is re-focusing on reducing complexity for virtualization administrators, so traditional systems, including storage arrays, are declining in favor of converged infrastructure approaches. In addition, organizations are relying more heavily on their converged systems for richer data management so administrators have a more cloud-like experience managing infrastructure. Where the goal used to be best-of-breed hardware, now it’s become a race to effortless. The Datrium DVX Data Cloud Effortless Infrastructure Datrium introduced turnkey DVX Rackscale systems to further simplify webscale or tier 1 private cloud infrastructure deployments. The new Rackscale systems combine DVX Data Nodes with new DVX Compute Nodes, available with either 16 Core Intel® Xeon® E5-2620 v4 2.1GHz processors or 28 Core Intel® Xeon® E5-2680 v4 2.4GHz processors, and pre-configured with up to 768GB RAM, 8 SSDs and DVX Software. DVX Rackscale configurations can start as small as a single DVX Compute Node and Data Node, and can scale-out to 32 compute nodes per DVX Data Node. Unlike hyperconverged infrastructure, DVX Rackscale systems offer automatic performance isolation, robust security, and accommodate mix-and-match of DVX Compute Nodes with third party compute nodes running DVX Software. The new Rackscale systems are available with end-to-end Datrium Support which provides advanced 24×7 call home and analytics capabilities. „At Panda Energy, we were looking for a combination of application performance with secondary storage economics, all while reducing deployment and maintenance time,” said Darel Stokes, IT director at Panda Energy. „When we looked at hyperconverged systems, the rip-and-replace of our server infrastructure was going to be a nightmare. With the new rack-scale DVX, we can get the simplicity of turnkey, rack-scale infrastructure while being able to integrate our existing servers—there is nothing else like it in the market.” Extending Effortless to the Network To further simplify rackscale operation and avoid switch configuration where possible, Datrium systems now include innovative Adaptive Pathing software. As networks also move toward commoditization, reducing operator learning curves mean less complexity and better change control. Using Datrium’s end-to-end path awareness, top-of-rack switches no longer need settings such as LACP or MC-LAG for advanced multipath availability and link-aggregated bandwidth. And it needs no configuration settings – it’s always on.  „As enterprises move increasingly in the direction of hybrid cloud environments, we are seeing the evolution of new architectures that are better able to deliver on customer expectations about cloud flexibility, economic and ease of use advantages,” said Eric Burgener, research director Storage, at IDC. „Datrium is unique in the industry for having pioneered a new approach to convergence that fully supports the flexibility benefits of the disaggregated server-storage model, and with Data Cloud is delivering a more cloud-optimized version that will initially support private clouds but lays the foundation for their multi-cloud data management vision.” Effortless, Integrated Multi-Cloud Data Management Datrium Data Cloud software builds on the application-centric ease of Datrium’s Open Converged Infrastructure to further collapse the systems administration burden of legacy data management products common to SANs and traditional converged infrastructure. Datrium’s end-to-end deduplication, compression, erasure coding and Blanket Encryption provide the ideal platform for integrating these functions. Data Cloud extends the Datrium platform to integrate functions normally found in third party backup, DR, copy data management and archiving products: Dynamic Policy Management for VM-based Data Management Datrium Protection Groups dynamically bind arbitrary collections of VM, vDisk and file (e.g. templates, ISOs) objects and apply scheduling, retention and replication policies. A Protection Group can include any quantity of objects and even supports overlapping objects with other Protection Groups. Finally, all objects within a Protection Group can be snapped at the same IO moment across hosts for data consistency. To scale, protection group policies are dynamic and inherit all new VMs that fit naming wildcards. Copy Data Management for DevOps In one click or a simple CLI script, VMs can be cloned from existing or snapshot VMs or PGs. Test environments can be quickly cloned from full production builds with minimal capacity and without performance impact, accelerating software development and improving the quality of the result. VM-Centric Backup and Restore Based on Datrium redirect-on-write (RoW) snapshots, backups are granular (vDisk and file level), incorporate dynamic policy management, and include a searchable catalog called a Snapstore. A Datrium system can support hundreds of thousands of VM snapshots. LUN-snap-style browsing for recovery can’t work at this scale, so a Snapstore catalog provides simple, quick searchability. Disaster Recovery (DR) and Offsite Archiving Based on Datrium’s WAN-optimized Elastic Replication, production data can be protected with snapshot–based asynchronous replication capable of providing up to 48 recovery points per day per Protection Group. Replication performance scales elastically with the number of hosts configured. Minimal host overhead is required since only data-reduced snapshot deltas are sent from host flash. Elastic Replication is also fault-tolerant. Unlike HCI-based replication, which stops if a small number of hosts are down, Datrium replication continues even if only a single host remains online. The software also supports 1-to-many, many-to-1, and bidirectional replication topologies. Secure Public Cloud Archiving In a subsequent version of Data Cloud, the company will offer replication to Amazon Web Services (AWS). Based on Elastic Replication, this flexible, secure cloud-based archive will leverage the same on-wire data reduction as well as Blanket Encryption for end-to-end data security between private and public cloud data centers. „At Neovera, we manage over a petabyte of data and are always looking for better ways to secure, protect and manage that data for our customers. Honestly, we thought we had seen it all in cloud data management until we tried Datrium Data Cloud,” said Scott Weinberg, CEO and founder at Neovera. „Datrium has integrated everything we need in one platform to both run our key performance-intensive workloads as well as handle the data management activities our clients demand. And the copy granularity and policy automation will save us time and improve client uptime.” „Datrium is moving Open Convergence mainstream by making infrastructure effortless for the VM administrator,” said Brian Biles, CEO of Datrium. „While the hyperconvergence landscape is now more about M&A than innovation, Datrium is rapidly evolving a vastly better, turnkey rackscale private cloud with rich, deeply integrated and scalable cloud data management. And it’s still early in the year.” Pricing and Availability Data Cloud Foundation which includes snapshots, Snapstore, Policy Groups policy templating and search, are available today at no additional charge with any DVX system running DVX Software v2.0. Elastic Replication and previously announced Blanket Encryption are available today at no additional charge with any DVX system running DVX Software v2.0. Elastic Replication support for Secure Archiving to AWS is planned for release by March 2018, with pricing to be announced at that time. DVX Rackscale systems are available today, with U.S. list pricing starting at $118K and includes Datrium v2.0 software. [BLOG] 3 Challenges Blocking The Rise Of Cloud Data Management [VIDEO] Datrium CTO Talks Data Cloud Vision [VIDEO] Datrium Founders Review Data Cloud Capabilities [BROADCAST] Datrium Data Cloud Launch About Datrium Datrium is the leader in Open Convergence for private clouds. Datrium converges storage and compute in a radical new way—modeled on public cloud IaaS versus traditional converged infrastructure or hyper-convergence—for vastly simpler performance and predictability. The company is led by the founders and early top architects of Data Domain and VMware. Datrium has been named to Gartner’s Cool Vendors in Storage Technologies, 2016. For more information, visit www.datrium.com and follow @datriumstorage on Twitter.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/datrium-introduces-data-cloud-software-and-dvx-rackscale-systems-300433995.html SOURCE Datrium Related Links http://www.datrium.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 5 Small-Cap Stocks to Buy in April Next PostNext Is a Paid Subscription Service in the Cards for Twitter Inc? Search Recent Posts Gainey McKenna & Egleston Announces A Class Action Lawsuit Has Been Filed Against BofI Holding, Inc. (BOFI) National Carwash Solutions Partners with AEA Investors EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Automotive Cyber Security Industry 2017 Market Solutions & Services : Harman, Infineon, Lear Hemodialysis and Peritoneal Dialysis Industry Overview Trends, Shares and Forecast Research Report 2017 – 2025 Extracorporeal Membrane Oxygenation (ECMO) Machine Market – Detailed Analysis of Restrain and Growth Factors Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto News Videos most commented Coolpad Cool 1 review: This is the Le 2 in a new body which offers nothing compelling By Kunal Khullar 9   Comments Airtel now offers 1GB daily data and free calls at Rs 345 a month By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Airtel Surprise offer for postpaid users gives 30GB free 4G data via the MyAirtel app By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments Fastrack launches ‘Fastrack Reflex’, a wearable aimed at youth for Rs 1,995 By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Nokia C1 renders and specifications leak: Expect a Snapdragon 830, 4GB RAM and dual-cameras By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #McAfee McAfee is no longer a subsidiary of Intel, it's now free to pursue its cybersecurity ambitions Intel Security Innovation Alliance to focus on providing security against sophisticated cyber attacks Intel Security outlines strategy for protecting new digital economy Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> McAfee is no longer a subsidiary of Intel, it’s now free to pursue its cybersecurity ambitions By tech2 News Staff /  04 Apr 2017 , 18:13 #McAfee Getty Images McAfee, the famous anti-virus software company that was acquired by Intel in 2010 has announced the completion of a deal that transforms it from a wholly owned subsidiary of Intel into a joint-venture between Intel and TPG. McAfee was founded in 1987 as a developer of firewall software. The security firm since expanded into other areas, later establishing itself as a major anti-virus software maker. Intel bought out the firm in 2010 in a deal valued at $7.68 billion. In 2014, the company was renamed to Intel Security. The reasons for Intel’s purchase were a mystery at the time, but it was later revealed that Intel had only one thing in mind when it bought McAfee: Security. As ArsTechnica explains, 2010 was the year of Operation Aurora, a series of state sponsored attacks (form China) designed to breach and modify software repositories belonging to western defence contractors. Intel’s chips incorporated a great many security features like vPro, random number generators and “crypto acceleration modules”. In itself, the chip alone is not enough. The problem was that software vendors needed to build software that took advantage of these features. Among the only companies that did this was McAfee. Intel’s idea was simple. To provide an adequate security solution, the entire system must be secure, not just the hardware. To that end, the purchase on McAfee made complete sense. However, as it later turned out, the deal didn’t pan out the way Intel hoped. In 2016, Intel announced that it was in the process of separating the Intel Security unit (McAfee) from the company and giving it the freedom to hash about with cybersecurity independent of Intel’s chip-design work. As part of the deal, asset management firm TPG will take a 51 percent share of the company (valued at $4.2 billion) and the rest will be owned by Intel. TechCrunch reports that the newly freed McAfee intends to use a machine learning approach to computer security and that the McAfee brand will be brought back. “McAfee is a global organisation with a 30-year history and a brand known the world over for innovation, trust and collaboration. Given our years of focus on the security software sector, we see great opportunity for McAfee to continue to advance and innovate,” said Seth Boro, a Managing Partner at Thoma Bravo. Publish date: April 4, 2017 6:13 pm| Modified date: April 4, 2017 6:13 pm Tags: antivirus, cybersecurity, Intel, Intel Inside, Intel McAfee acquisition, Intel Security, Mcafee, McAfee antivirus Also read Intel Corp is spinning out its cyber security division, formerly known as McAfee Information and Technology security company McAfee to expand Bengaluru development centre X Recommended For You Information and Technology security company McAfee to expand Bengaluru development centre Mobile Antivirus sales sees 100% growth says Amazon; Android protection software tops list Demonetisation: security experts warn that ATMs are easy targets for hackers Destructive computer virus, Shamoon used in cyber attack on Saudi Arabia two weeks ago Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance #LeEco Apr 5, 2017 LeEco Le X850 leaks yet again as the Le Max 3 in new set of pictures #Apple Apr 5, 2017 Apple to focus on chip design in-house to reduce costs; to stop sourcing chips from Imagination #Partnered Mar 30, 2017 The Fashion Shopper has gone mobile: New report by BCG & Facebook #Snapdeal Apr 5, 2017 Snapdeal has planned to raise about $100 million from its existing shareholders including SoftBank #Apple Apr 5, 2017 Apple updates Apple Music for Android with a new UI to remove the clutter #Tim Berners-lee Apr 5, 2017 Sir Tim Berners-Lee wins AM Turing award for excellence in computing SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian McAfee spins off from Intel Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: New Mac Pro O’Reilly losing ads Umunhum opening set What ails Chevy Bolt? Dancing With the Stars Ask Amy: Little League jerk Business McAfee back after expected Intel spin-off Chipmaker expected to announce Tuesday that its completed deal to spin-off security unit Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Chris Young, CEO of McAfee. On Tuesday, April 4, Intel plans to announce that it has formerly spun off its security division and renamed it McAfee, the name the business had before the chipmaker acquired it in 2011. (Courtesy of McAfee) By Troy Wolverton | twolverton@bayareanewsgroup.com | PUBLISHED: April 4, 2017 at 12:01 am | UPDATED: April 4, 2017 at 8:08 am McAfee is back in business by itself. Intel plans to announce Tuesday that it has spun off its security unit as a standalone company. That unit was established at Intel when the chipmaker purchased anti-virus software maker McAfee in 2011. Intel renamed the business Intel Security three years later, but now that the business is going off on its own again, it will reclaim its old name. The spin-off will allow both Intel and McAfee to work at their own pace and focus on what each does best, said Steve Grobman, who will be McAfee’s chief technology officer. Intel’s product development efforts are very “methodical,” Grobman said. By contrast, “when we see new threats, we need to be able to develop new technology very rapidly and get it into consumers’ hands as rapidly as possible.” As a standalone business, McAfee plans to move from offering software that protects individual devices to trying to offer technology that offers broader coverage, he said. With the number of devices connected to consumers’ networks growing — particular with growing adoption of Internet of Things gadgets — so too are security threats, Grobman said. The company is already working with modem and network equipment makers to get its software installed on their devices. “We’re moving to be all about protecting consumers’ overall digital life,” he said. In addition to its consumer business, McAfee offers security software for companies. In that business, the company is hoping to offer a kind of modular system where customers can add different protections to a base security platform. The company also plans to make its software work with that of other security companies, he said. That’s a reflection of how many networks are configured today. Santa Clara-based Intel announced plans last September to sell a majority stake of its security business to investment firm TPG. TPG agreed to pay Intel $1.1 billion and assume about $2 billion in the security business’ debt to gain a 51 percent stake in the unit. At the close of the deal, Intel will own 49 percent of McAfee. The security company will remain based in Santa Clara. Chris Young, who has been heading up the unit under Intel as a senior vice president and general manager, will be McAfee’s new CEO. The standalone company will have 7,500 to 8,000 employees, Grobman said. McAfee plans to hire a “fairly significant” number of employees after the spin-off to staff administrative positions, he said. Intel acquired McAfee in 2011 for about $6.7 billion. The security business has seen relatively flat sales in recent years, although its operating profit grew 88 percent in 2016 year compared with the year before. Tags:  Intel Personal Technology Security Technology Troy Wolverton Troy Wolverton writes the Tech Files column and covers consumer technology as the personal technology columnist for the Bay Area News Group. Previously, he covered Apple and the consumer electronics industry. Earlier, he reported on technology, business and financial issues for TheStreet.com and CNET News.com. Follow Troy Wolverton TechFiles.bayareanewsgroup Follow Troy Wolverton @troywolv Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Warriors sprint away from Timberwolves with another dominant third quarter Giants nearing deal with veteran outfielder Drew Stubbs Good wood: Madison Bumgarner declines Hall of Fame’s request for his historic bat The Bay Area could be in for some nasty gridlock this evening California bill to eliminate bail clears panel Hiking Santa Clara County’s ‘Magnificent 7’ trails Ask Amy: I’m married to that jerk at the Little League game Silicon Valley investing slump continues, fewer startups get funded More in Business Silicon Valley investing slump continues, fewer startups get funded April 04, 2017, 9:01 pm Experts say activity isn’t likely to rebound in the near future to the highs hit in 2015, but that’s not necessarily. Palo Alto fines against Edgewood Plaza owners ‘justified,’ hearing officer says April 04, 2017, 7:39 pm The fines the city of Palo Alto has imposed on the owners of Edgewood Plaza for not having a grocery store at the site are justified, an administrative hearing officer said in a decision that became effective Sunday. Lance Bayer, the hearing officer, found that Sand Hill Property Co. in violation of various ordinances and must pay an outstanding $248,250... Dublin: New Ikea plan reignites debate; store would open in 2020 April 04, 2017, 8:18 pm Revised plans for a new Ikea store in Dublin include underground parking and open space, but some residents say the store isn’t a good fit for the community. H-1B visa lottery brings truckloads of applications, new uncertainty April 04, 2017, 1:09 pm Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO McAfee on its own as independent security vendor McAfee on its own as independent security vendor Customers need to keep an eye on whether it lives up to promised product roadmap Tim Greene (Network World) 04 April, 2017 21:39 - - - - print email Comments IDG Effective today, McAfee has officially spun out from Intel, dumping the name Intel Security and operating under new majority ownership that has deep pockets to help the company aggressively acquire technology via mergers and acquisitions to supplement home-grown innovations. Investment firm TPG is making a $1.1 billion equity investment in McAfee in return for 51% ownership, giving it the cash it needs to buy companies for their technology so it can be incorporated faster into McAfee platforms than if developed via R&D. That’s a different strategy than is used by Intel in its chip business. “Identifying what it takes to run a semiconductor company is quite different from running a cybersecurity company in a rapidly changing threat landscape,” says Intel Security’s CTO Steve Grobman. Now McAfee won’t be hindered by that philosophy and won’t have to compete with the chip side of the business for investment money, he says. Key to McAfee’s strategy going forward will be to enhance its security fabric, what it calls Data Exchange Layer for security messaging that allows a range of security products to communicate. That includes McAfee’s own products as well as some of its partners including Aruba, Check Point Software and Rapid7. That could include other vendors who make their products compatible on their own initiative by using the software developers kit the company open-sourced last November. It could also include integrations from researchers and customers, he says. RELATED: What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools Going forward security needs to focus on the cloud and the endpoint. “Rather than a single technology we need to push our platform to set up a pipeline of technologies that we flow into our platform,” Grobman says. Behind all this optimism lies the reality that Intel Security fell behind its SIEM competitors, says Joseph Blankenship, an analyst with Forrester. He says the most recent version has a new user interface and incorporates user behavior analytics and new automation capabilities via partnerships with vendors in those areas. He says Forrester is cautiously optimistic about the effects the new ownership of McAfee will have on its products and the benefits they will have for customers. Under the Intel Security name, the company made some false starts with the purchase of Stonesoft, and it got out of the email security business, he says, leaving some customers stranded. Now the company seems to have a solid road map for its SIEM, but the key is how it will execute on that road map. “Really examine what you are being told and hold them accountable,” Blankenship says. Why Performance Matters When Building Your SD-WAN More from Silver Peak Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags mcafeeintel More about Check PointIntelIntel SecurityRapid7Stonesoft Editor's Recommendations When will the IT project madness end? Ridley leads charge on 'intelligent built environments' in digital age Regaining trust after a digital government failure Tech dreams come true: Origin’s Kelly Ferguson reveals personal journey Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Accelerating digital business in the 4th industrial revolution Mastering the science of IT spend Read more Silver Peak Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Vulnerability Management Buyer’s Guide CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies PCI: It’s Not Just for Card Companies Anymore Latest Jobs Senior Project Manager - Digital / Media NSW Contracts Manager NSW Data Analyst Lead SA New Business Lead - Professional Services (Pre-Sales) NSW Project Coordinator/Administrator NSW Delivery Executive SA ICT Project Manager NSW Service Delivery Manager NSW Head of Architecture, Global Financial Institution NSW Contracts Manager NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next G Suite vs. Office 365 cloud collaboration battle heats up Can more tech save Formula One from fan apathy? Security industry “has failed the customer”, exec concedes as reborn McAfee spruiks ... CSO Online In pictures: Breakfast - Information governance in a digital world 10 things you may not know about Google New era, new buzzphrase: We're headed for 'Digital Cohesion' CSO Chinese hackers go after third-party IT suppliers to steal data Apple fixes wireless-based remote code execution flaw in iOS Politicians' web browsing history targeted after privacy vote A free decryption tool is now available for all Bart ransomware versions Privacy rollback can cause headaches for corporate security pros Computerworld Labor calls for independent review of govt digital transformation efforts Former NAB exec to take charge of govt’s Digital Transformation Agency TPG picks up additional Singapore spectrum Demand driving up cyber security salaries After Congress revokes Internet privacy rules, downloads double of VPN-equipped Opera browser ARN OVH to acquire VMware’s vCloud Air business Businesses need to up the ante on digital strategies in CX The heat is on for hybrid infrastructure services providers Finding and selling a niche in a digital world SonicWall brings its partner program to Asia-Pacific Techworld Amazon to refund parents over kids' in-app purchases, says FTC Cisco says Arista’s redesign moves not good enough AT&T trials open switches for better future services After Congress revokes Internet privacy rules, downloads double of VPN-equipped Opera browser Chinese hackers go after third-party IT suppliers to steal data CMO Carat secures Yahoo7 brand chief as CMO iSelect CMO on building the ultimate customer ‘life admin store’ Updated: ExactTarget co-founder joins Experian cross-channel marketing division following sale ​Coca-Cola data chief on the art of connecting with customers Google, Coles, Cambridge Analytica on harnessing data to offer personalised experiences Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Computerworld McAfee on its own as independent security vendor News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook McAfee on its own as independent security vendor Customers need to keep an eye on whether it lives up to promised product roadmap IDG Tim Greene (Network World) 04 April, 2017 21:39 - - - - print email Comments Effective today, McAfee has officially spun out from Intel, dumping the name Intel Security and operating under new majority ownership that has deep pockets to help the company aggressively acquire technology via mergers and acquisitions to supplement home-grown innovations. Investment firm TPG is making a $1.1 billion equity investment in McAfee in return for 51% ownership, giving it the cash it needs to buy companies for their technology so it can be incorporated faster into McAfee platforms than if developed via R&D. That’s a different strategy than is used by Intel in its chip business. “Identifying what it takes to run a semiconductor company is quite different from running a cybersecurity company in a rapidly changing threat landscape,” says Intel Security’s CTO Steve Grobman. Now McAfee won’t be hindered by that philosophy and won’t have to compete with the chip side of the business for investment money, he says. Key to McAfee’s strategy going forward will be to enhance its security fabric, what it calls Data Exchange Layer for security messaging that allows a range of security products to communicate. That includes McAfee’s own products as well as some of its partners including Aruba, Check Point Software and Rapid7. That could include other vendors who make their products compatible on their own initiative by using the software developers kit the company open-sourced last November. It could also include integrations from researchers and customers, he says. RELATED: What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools Going forward security needs to focus on the cloud and the endpoint. “Rather than a single technology we need to push our platform to set up a pipeline of technologies that we flow into our platform,” Grobman says. Behind all this optimism lies the reality that Intel Security fell behind its SIEM competitors, says Joseph Blankenship, an analyst with Forrester. He says the most recent version has a new user interface and incorporates user behavior analytics and new automation capabilities via partnerships with vendors in those areas. He says Forrester is cautiously optimistic about the effects the new ownership of McAfee will have on its products and the benefits they will have for customers. Under the Intel Security name, the company made some false starts with the purchase of Stonesoft, and it got out of the email security business, he says, leaving some customers stranded. Now the company seems to have a solid road map for its SIEM, but the key is how it will execute on that road map. “Really examine what you are being told and hold them accountable,” Blankenship says. 7 Habits of the Effective Network Manager More from NetScout Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags mcafeeintel More about Check PointIntelIntel SecurityRapid7Stonesoft Editor's Recommendations Labor calls for independent review of govt digital transformation efforts Former NAB exec to take charge of govt’s Digital Transformation Agency TPG picks up additional Singapore spectrum Demand driving up cyber security salaries Australian enterprises face threat from compromised MSPs CBA launches analytics platform for SMBs Read more Netscout Partner Zone Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Tomorrow's success comes from today's data Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education Related Whitepapers Vulnerability Management Buyer’s Guide 7 Habits of the Effective Network Manager A New Paradigm for Network Problem Solving Detecting a Phising Email Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next ANZ brings voice biometrics to mobile apps NDIA seeks CIO to define IT strategy ​Embedding ethical risk culture in organisations CSO Online In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Optus strikes new managed services deal with EnergyAustralia Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter Close Sign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Desktop Hardware Desktop Software Laptops Alphr Cloud Pro Channel Pro Search Search Sections News Reviews In-depth App Business travel Innovation at Work Leadership Whitepapers You are here: Home Security Pictures McAfee is reborn as McAfee as Intel sells part of its stake McAfee is reborn as McAfee as Intel sells part of its stake Share twitter linkedin facebook google+ email Zach Marzouk Pictures 4 Apr, 2017 Intel Security is no more as Intel sells majority stake and McAfee becomes standalone company once more... Intel has sold part of its stake in McAfee (formerly known as Intel Security) and now jointly owns the firm with private equity investment company TPG Capital. TPG acquired a 51% stake of McAfee at a valuation of $4.2 billion, while Intel now owns the other 49%. The deal was announced in September and closed today meaning McAfee is now an independent firm once again and will go under that moniker rather than being called Intel Security as it was dubbed under the chip firm’s sole ownership. McAfee’s CEO Chris Young, who has led the security arm since October 2014, confirmed the company has rebranded to help smooth the transition. Young declared that “As an independent company we have the freedom, the power, and the responsibility to innovate as never before” and that it's “the right move at the right time.” Young says the firm will now be able to focus more attention on cyber security and help organisations deal with the new and emerging threats in the digital world. As part of the spin-off, McAfee has unveiled a new strategic vision, which is comprised of three pillars: 1) innovation 2) trust and 3) collaboration. Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO, added that his firm would continue to support McAfee in its new guise as it worked to establish itself “as one of the largest pure-play cyber security companies in the industry.” “Security remains important to Intel, and in addition to our equity position and ongoing collaboration with McAfee, Intel will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices.” he added. Last June, rival Symantec acquired web security firm Blue Coat for $4.65 million. It remains to be seen whether McAfee will follow a similar path and make further cyber security startup acquisitions to add to bolster its portfolio. Intel acquired McAfee in 2010 for approximately $7.68 billion and rebranded it as “Intel Security” before announcing it was to be sold in September 2016. The company has opted to keep the name of its founder John McAfee, who is set to be played by Johnny Depp in an upcoming biopic based on his time hiding out in Belize. See related  Q&A: Raj Samani, CTO McAfee Intel McAfee acquisition finalised Intel ditches the McAfee brand name Read more about Security McAfee Intel Security Get the ITPro Newsletter Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies. Click here Featured Whitepapers Latest in Security Ransomware afflicts 48% of UK enterprises News CA Technologies acquires Veracode to bolster DevOps security News YouPorn and Pornhub activate HTTPS encryption News US college hit by 54-hour Mirai DDoS attack News Fake airline tickets catch out 90% of phishing targets News See all Popular Raspberry Pi 4: Raspberry Pi 4 stymied by technical limitations Desktop Hardware 15in MacBook Pro vs Dell XPS 15 head-to-head review Laptops Which is the best browser?: Chrome vs Firefox vs Internet Explorer Web Browsers Windows vs Linux: what's the best operating system? Operating Systems How to move Windows 10 from your old hard drive to SSD Operating Systems Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Useful links Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Auto Express Evo Coach Micro Mart Alphr Know Your Mobile Classic & Performance Car Expert Reviews Channel Pro Digital SLR Photography Den of Geek The Week Computer Shopper Magazines Health & Fitness CarBuyer Cloud Pro MagBooks Cyclist TablePouncer © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     MacBook Pro 2017 Update Questionable As Intel Cannon Lake Processors Delayed Posted: Apr 4 2017, 5:50am CDT | by Shane McGlaun, in Rumors | Apple     Delay in Cannon Lake processors means iMac and MacBook Pro with 32GB of RAM might not land until 2018 MacBook Pro fans hoping for that 2017 update, we have some bad news for you. A new report is making the rounds that suggests that the Intel Cannon Lake processors that are appropriate for the MacBook Pro and iMac lines have likely been delayed by Intel. This rumor stems, according to AppleInsider, from comments made by an Intel executive that suggest the Cannon Lake processors have been delayed in development and mass production. Don't Miss: The hottest Apple Rumors for 2017 That processor line was needed for the MacBook Pro to support the 32GB of RAM that was expected to be one of the only upgrades to the notebook line in 2017. Intel's president of chip design, Venkata Renduchintala said of the processor delay, "In terms of first shipments, whether it's before the end of the year, or just after the beginning of [next] year, it's too close to call." The Cannon Lake processors are the first Intel chips that are built on a 10nm process. Shrinking the die allows the processors to reduce power consumption. Using less power is a nice side effect, but what Apple is really looking for in these Cannon Lake processors is the support for larger amounts of RAM allowing a MacBook Pro offering with 32GB of RAM. The Coffee Lake processors that are coming won't support 32GB of RAM without a new RAM controller, and Apple isn't expected to use a new RAM controller. Intel's Kaby Lake processors are expected to find their way into the MacBook Pro line, these are 14nm processors and some of them have already shown up in beta code for macOS Sierra 10.12.4. This means that while Apple could use the new Kaby Lake processors and likely will, support for 32GB of RAM isn't expected until late this year at the earliest. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Shane McGlaun Tech and Car expert Shane McGlaun (Google) reports about what's new in these two sectors. His extensive experience in testing cars, computer hardware and consumer electronics enable him to effectively qualify new products and trends. If you want us review your product, please contact Shane. Shane can be contacted directly at shane@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Apple is Completely Rethinking the Mac Pro and Pro Display 14 hours ago, 11:08am CDT iMac 2017 Upgrade to 8K Resolution Could Double the Price of the Screen 19 hours ago, 6:21am CDT Apple Buys 70 Million OLED Displays for iPhone 8 from Samsung 22 hours ago, 3:19am CDT NASA's New Horizons Next Flyby Target 2014 MU69 Coming Up 1 day ago, 12:51am CDT Oldest Remains of Bed Bugs Found in Oregon 53 seconds ago Europe's First Cave Fish Discovered 1 minute ago Nintendo Switch: How to Find a Nintendo Switch in Stock 1 hour ago How to Buy a Nintendo Switch all Week in New York 1 hour ago Cheat Maker Pays Millions to Courts 7 hours ago, 6:10pm CDT Neptune’s Journey from Inner to Outer Solar System was Very Calm, Says Study 10 hours ago, 3:28pm CDT Nintendo Switch Games: A Ultimate Guide to Details, Release Dates, and More 11 hours ago, 2:31pm CDT Xbox Scorpio Specs to Be Revealed In the Coming Days 12 hours ago, 1:54pm CDT Oldest Mammal Blood Ever Found Preserved in Ancient Tick Fossil 12 hours ago, 1:22pm CDT Uber Self-Driving Cars are the Worst 12 hours ago, 1:12pm CDT Common Nintendo Switch Problems and How to Fix Them 13 hours ago, 12:46pm CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted Featured News Nintendo Reveals Why the Switch is in Short Supply, More Coming in Next Days 2017 iMac: Rumors, Features, Release, Price and Everything You Need to Know   Apple Rumors 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 7S, Apple Watch 3, 2017, AR and More NES Classic Edition Stock Updates Apple Apple is Completely Rethinking the Mac Pro and Pro Display 14 hours ago, 11:08am CDT iMac 2017 Upgrade to 8K Resolution Could Double the Price of the Screen 19 hours ago, 6:21am CDT Apple Buys 70 Million OLED Displays for iPhone 8 from Samsung 22 hours ago, 3:19am CDT NASA's New Horizons Next Flyby Target 2014 MU69 Coming Up 1 day ago, 12:51am CDT More Apple Stories Latest News Oldest Remains of Bed Bugs Found in Oregon 53 seconds ago Europe's First Cave Fish Discovered 1 minute ago Nintendo Switch: How to Find a Nintendo Switch in Stock 1 hour ago How to Buy a Nintendo Switch all Week in New York 1 hour ago More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Giveaway Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 29 mins S&P 500 2,360.16 +1.32 (+0.06%) Dow 30 20,689.24 +39.03 (+0.19%) Nasdaq 5,898.61 +3.93 (+0.07%) The McAfee brand is back again after Intel finalizes spin-off Daniel Howley Technology Editor Yahoo FinanceApril 4, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Intel has finalized a deal to spin of its security unit, which will once again be called McAfee (Reuters)More McAfee is going solo again. After existing as a sub-brand of Intel (INTC) for the past seven years and being rebranded as Intel Security, the company best know for that little shield logo in your computer’s toolbar has finalized its split from the chipmaker and will now be run as an independent organization. Intel purchased the antivirus organization for $7.68 billion in 2010. At the time, the chipmaker hoped to fold McAfee’s security capabilities into Intel’s chips to better protect consumers’ devices. In the first half of 2016, the security company’s revenue grew 11% to $1.1 billion. But with Intel’s decision to restructure in April 2016, eliminating 12,000 jobs to turn its focus toward cloud computing, keeping the security brand didn’t seem to make sense. “As a standalone company with a clear purpose, McAfee gains the agility to unite people, technology and organizations against our common adversaries and ensure our technology-driven future is safe,” said McAfee CEO Chris Young. View photos McAfee founder John McAfee is now chairman and CEO of MGT Capital Investments. (image: MGT Capital Investments)More The spinoff finalizes Intel’s deal announced in 2016 to sell 51% of its stake in the McAfee security unit to the asset manager TPG in a deal worth $4.2 billion. Intel will still have a 49% stake in the standalone McAfee company. What’s most interesting about the move is the decision to bring back the McAfee name. Intel purchased the security company as McAfee in 2010, but rebranded as a result of founder John McAfee’s various run-ins with the law including being named as a person of interest in the death of his neighbor in Belize and a DUI arrest during which he was found in possession of a handgun. But the McAfee brand name is already incredibly popular, despite what its namesake might be up to. Adding to the mess is the fact that John McAfee himself is suing Intel for the use of his name. McAfee wants to rename MGT Capital Investments, Inc., where he currently serves chairman and CEO, John McAfee Global Technologies, Inc. The suit is still pending. More from Dan: Windows 10 Creators Update: Microsoft’s best just got better Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus: Giant screens, new voice controls and no fires T-Mobile is making it harder for scammers to call you Why Apple announced its new iPad with such little fanfare The 8 features we want in the iPhone 8 How to avoid falling for email scams Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley. Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next AMD graphics hardware may be built into rumored Intel CPUs Digital Trends Susan Rice Sought Names in Trump Intel, Says Eli Lake Bloomberg Obama Aide Might Have Unmasked Trump Team Members in Intel Reports Yahoo View Yes, Intel Corp. Is Moving in a New Direction Motley Fool Is Intel Corporation's First-Gen 10-Nano Tech Pointless? Motley Fool Gregg Popovich says the trade that landed Kawhi Leonard 6 years ago was the 'toughest' decision he's made with the Spurs Business Insider White House spokesman called a news site a 'left-wing blog' — and the news site fired back Business Insider A ‘back door’ Roth IRA strategy benefits high earners CNBC NASA’s Cassini spacecraft is about to attempt something truly insane BGR News Yahoo Finance Live: Market Movers Yahoo Finance Video Gay tech workers earn less than their straight counterparts Yahoo Finance Real estate mogul: In the 90s, I looked for Starbucks; now I buy when I see this CNBC Airbus is redesigning the world’s biggest passenger plane to cram more people inside Quartz Cramer's charts reveal where oil prices are headed, and it may surprise you CNBC The complete list of 25 new Netflix originals coming this month BGR News What to Watch in the Markets Wednesday, April 5 Yahoo Finance Video Trump son Eric calls nepotism 'factor of life' Complicated Simpleton: More arrogance from the Trump family. Madness it is. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 805
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Semiconductor Stocks Under Review — Advanced Micro Devices, Intel, ON Semiconductor, and Cypress Semiconductor NEW YORK, April 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Stock-Callers.com brings focus on four Semiconductor Broad Line stocks, namely: Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (NASDAQ: AMD), Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC), ON Semiconductor Corp. (NASDAQ: ON), and Cypress Semiconductor Corp. (NASDAQ: CY). According to John Neuffer, President and CEO of the Semiconductor Industry Association, the global Semiconductor market reached nearly $340 billion in sales in 2016, and modest growth is expected to continue in 2017 and beyond. Learn more about these stocks by downloading their free research reports in PDF format at: http://stock-callers.com/registration Advanced Micro Devices On Monday, shares in Sunnyvale, California headquartered Advanced Micro Devices Inc. recorded a trading volume of 48.31 million shares. The stock ended the day at $14.64, rising 0.62% from the last trading session. The Company’s shares have advanced 12.36% in the past month and 29.10% in the previous three months. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 11.47% and 64.52%, respectively. Furthermore, shares of Advanced Micro Devices, which operates as a semiconductor company worldwide, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 61.72. On March 30th, 2017, Advanced Micro Devices announced that the Company is scheduled to hold its Annual Meeting of Stockholders on Wednesday, April 26th, 2017, at 9 a.m. PT at its corporate headquarters, „Commons Building,” 1 AMD Place, Sunnyvale, California, and on the Internet. On March 31st, 2017, research firm Macquarie initiated a ‚Neutral’ rating on the Company’s stock, with a target price of $14 per share. Sign up and read the free research report on AMD at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=AMD Intel Santa Clara, California-based Intel Corp.’s stock climbed 0.25%, finishing yesterday’s session at $36.16. A total volume of 32.01 million shares was traded, which was above their three months average volume of 23.77 million shares. The Company’s shares have gained 0.72% in the last month and 0.41% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 0.36% and 2.68%, respectively. Additionally, shares of Intel, which designs, manufactures, and sells computer, networking, and communications platforms worldwide, have an RSI of 59.13. On March 29th, 2017, Intel announced the appointment of Aicha S. Evans as Chief Strategy Officer, effective immediately. Ms. Evans will be responsible for driving the Company’s long-term strategy to transform from a PC-centric Company to a data-centric Company, as well as leading rapid decision-making and company-wide execution of the strategy. On March 31st, 2017, research firm Macquarie initiated an ‚Outperform’ rating on the Company’s stock, with a target price of $40 per share. The complimentary research report on INTC can be downloaded at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=INTC ON Semiconductor Shares in Phoenix, Arizona headquartered ON Semiconductor Corp. ended the session 2.71% lower at $15.07. The stock recorded a trading volume of 6.10 million shares. The Company’s shares have gained 18.10% in the previous three month. The stock is trading 1.75% above its 50-day moving average and 24.83% above its 200-day moving average. Moreover, shares of ON Semiconductor, which manufactures and sells semiconductor components for various electronic devices worldwide, have an RSI of 51.31. On March 27th , 2017, ON Semiconductor has launched the FDMF8811, the industry’s first 100V Bridge Power Stage module for half-bridge and full-bridge isolated dc-dc converters. The 25 A-rated device integrates a 120V driver IC, a bootstrap diode, and two highly efficient power MOSFETs in a PQFN-36 package. The FDMF8811 is available now in clip bond PQFN-36 packaging and priced at $3.50 per unit in 10,000 unit quantities. Register for free on Stock-Callers.com and access the latest report on ON at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=ON Cypress Semiconductor At the closing bell on Monday, San Jose, California headquartered Cypress Semiconductor Corp.’s stock dropped 1.82%, finishing at $13.51. A total volume of 7.92 million shares was traded, which was above their three months average volume of 6.73 million shares. The Company’s shares have gained 1.05% in the last month and 18.98% over the previous three months. The stock is trading 3.79% and 18.22% above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages, respectively. Additionally, shares of Cypress Semiconductor, which designs, develops, manufactures, markets, and sells embedded system solutions worldwide, have an RSI of 48.87. On March 28th , 2017, Cypress Semiconductor announced that its Wi-Fi® and Bluetooth® combo solution delivers wireless connectivity for the new Raspberry Pi Zero W board for IoT applications. The Cypress CYW43438 combo solution provides robust 802.11n Wi-Fi for developers to connect their applications to the Internet, along with advanced coexistence algorithms enabling simultaneous Bluetooth 4.1 operations, such as audio streaming and low-power Bluetooth Low Energy connections, to smartphones, sensors and other low-power devices. On March 30th, 2017, research firm Morgan Stanley downgraded the Company’s stock rating from ‚Equal-Weight’ to ‚Underweight’. Get free access to your research report on CY at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=CY Stock Callers:  Stock Callers (SC) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. SC has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  SC has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the „Author”) and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the „Reviewer”) represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@stock-callers.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the „Sponsor”), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by SC. SC is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  SC, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. SC, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, SC, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither SC nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://stock-callers.com/legal-disclaimer/ CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you‚re a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@stock-callers.com Phone number: +44-330-808-3765 Office Address: Clyde Offices, Second Floor, 48 West George Street, Glasgow, U.K. -G2 1BP CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE Chelmsford Park SA CategoriesUncategorized TagsInvestments Opinions Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sunsweet Growers Inc. Celebrates 100 Years Strong Next PostNext Auger Boring Machines Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2022 Market Benefits, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Search Recent Posts IQF Fruits and Vegetables Market,2015-2025 by Segmentation Based on Product, Application and Region Shock Wave Therapy Devices Sales Market Report 2017-2022 Focuses On Top Companies, Research Methodology, Drivers and Opportunities Progressing Cavity Pumps Sales Market 2022: New Business Opportunities for Manufactures to Upsurge in Coming Years APAC Broadcasting Equipment Market to be Worth US $5,104.8 Million by 2024 Prenatal Vitamins Supplements Sales Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Business Software Chips Mobile Internet Security Review Desktop Software Graphics cards Laptops Mobile apps Mobiles Peripherals Storage Tablets Workstations TechEye Home Business Software Chips Mobile Internet Security Review Desktop Software Graphics cards Laptops Mobile apps Mobiles Peripherals Storage Tablets Workstations Menu Intel finally gets rid of McAfee Posted on April 4, 2017 by Nick Farrell - Business, Hardware, News, Security After seven years and a lawsuit from its founder, Intel is finally getting rid of McAfee. The chip maker has divested its majority holdings in McAfee to investment firm TPG for US$3.1 billion. McAfee will become a standalone security company, but Intel will retain a minority 49 percent stake. Chipzilla is apparently only interested in internal operations on hardware-level security. The selloff is a loss for Chipzilla, which spent $7.68 billion to acquire McAfee in 2010. Some analysts think it was the worst thing that Intel ever bought. Although the idea was good. Intel wanted to add layers of security to hardware and components. It McAfee technology in firmware at the PC and server chip level, and developed security management tools. McAfee technology was used in hardware using real-time operating systems. But most of McAfee was software based and had little ties to Intel’s core hardware strategy. To fix the problem, Intel ran a parallel hardware security strategy that had little to no ties to McAfee. Tags: intel, McAfee, security Search for: Recent Articles Apple orders 70 million bent OLED screens from Samsung Apple has ordered more than 70 million OLED screens from Samsung and it is believed that the curve[...] US FCC limits broadband competition The U.S. Federal Communications Commission is reversing a requirement imposed that Charter Communica[...] Google X worked older staff member to collapse Google X worked an older staff member so hard he finally collapsed and it laid him off. According[...] US state wants to give its drones guns  The US state which was at the forefront of the French-backed terrorist revolution against its lawfu[...] US to train kids to handle fake news A pilot education programme in the US is training kids to spot the difference between fake and rea[...] © 2017 TechEye.
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Vulkan's VK_KHR_incremental_present Now Supported By Mesa's ANV/RADV Drivers Written by Michael Larabel in Mesa on 4 April 2017 at 06:17 AM EDT. Add A Comment Last week's Vulkan 1.0.46 update added a new extension and it's now supported by Mesa's Intel ANV and Radeon RADV drivers. The extension introduced last week was VK_KHR_incremental_present and is basically about getting only modified regions of an image to present, basically tracking damage and only needing to deal with the updated portions rather than the entire image each time. Thanks to work led by Intel's Jason Ekstrand, the ANV driver picked it up and followed immediately by RADV with the changes being to the common driver-independent code within the Vulkan WSI area. After a few patches yesterday, if pulling the latest Git, this is another extension supported by these open-source Mesa Vulkan drivers. Great to see the open-source Vulkan drivers keeping up and will be interesting to see what more lands before the Mesa 17.1 branching later this month. Add A Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Mesa News Mesa 17.0.3 Released ARB_shader_ballot Posted For RadeonSI, Can Be Used For AZDO Techniques Mesa 17.0.3 Being Prepped With 30+ Fixes Radeon RX Vega Support Lands In Mesa 17.1 Git Libdrm 2.4.76 Released With Vega Support Mesa Has Seen Over 90k Commits, Nearly Two Million Lines Of Code Popular News AMD Ryzen Has Captivated Linux Gamers & Enthusiasts April Fools' Or Should Wayland Switch Away From Using C? Ubuntu Hit By A Vulnerability In "Eject" Early Tests Of AMDGPU's DRM-Next Performance For Linux 4.12 Students Are Missing Out On An Incredible Opportunity To Get Involved With Mesa, Wayland AMD Ryzen 7 1700 + B350 DDR4 Memory Speed Tests Latest Linux News OpenBenchmarking.org Crosses 23 Million Test/Suite Benchmark Downloads SDL Updates Game Controller Support With Nintendo Switch Pro & More A New KDE Music Player: Elisa The EU Is Funding Work Into Low-Power GPU Tech Trying Out Xonotic 0.8.2 With Radeon & NVIDIA GPUs On Linux Fedora 26 Alpha Released Serious Sam VR: The Second Encounter Launches On Steam Vulkan's VK_KHR_incremental_present Now Supported By Mesa's ANV/RADV Drivers DRM Maintainers Are Running Out Of Time To Ship New Features For Linux 4.12 Haiku OS Picks Up AMD Ryzen Support, More Driver Improvements Latest Featured Articles CPUFreq vs. P-State CPU Scaling Governor Tests On Various Vulkan/OpenGL Games Kicking Off April With An Eight-Way BSD/Linux Comparison 14-Way NVIDIA Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal OpenGL vs. Vulkan With Mad Max On Linux Vulkan vs. OpenGL For Mad Max On AMD Ryzen NVIDIA Vulkan Driver Shows Impressive Mad Max Linux Performance Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Northrim BanCorp, Inc. (NRIM) Stake Cut by GSA Capital Partners LLP Silvercrest Asset Management Group LLC Sells 36,617 Shares of The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Fred Alger Management Inc. Decreases Stake in Intel Co. (INTC) Roundview Capital LLC Has $5,481,000 Position in Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Shares Sold by Intact Investment Management Inc. Walt Disney Co (DIS) is AMF Pensionsforsakring AB’s 8th Largest Position Atlanta Capital Management Co. L L C Sells 34,236 Shares of Walt Disney Co (DIS) Weibo Corp (WB) Shares Sold by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. (PPBI) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Remy Cointreau Unspon (REMYY) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Pagegroup PLC (PAGE) Price Target Raised to GBX 430 Fortinet Inc (FTNT) Rating Increased to Outperform at Robert W. Baird Sonic Co. (SONC) Price Target Lowered to $24.00 at Barclays PLC Canaccord Genuity Reiterates  Buy Rating for GVC Holdings PLC (GVC) Humana’s (HUM) Outperform Rating Reiterated at CIBC Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) Earns “Buy” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Kevin J. Yeaman Sells 10,000 Shares of Dolby Laboratories, Inc. (DLB) Stock Colin Roberts Sells 15,598 Shares of Parsley Energy Inc (PE) Stock Folger Hill Asset Management LP Buys New Position in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Shares Sold by Texas Yale Capital Corp. Fred Alger Management Inc. Decreases Stake in Intel Co. (INTC) April 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Fred Alger Management Inc. lowered its stake in Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) by 0.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 99,334 shares of the chip maker’s stock after selling 768 shares during the period. Fred Alger Management Inc.’s holdings in Intel were worth $3,603,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in INTC. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its position in shares of Intel by 2.2% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 48,281,810 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $1,751,339,000 after buying an additional 1,049,817 shares during the last quarter. LSV Asset Management raised its position in shares of Intel by 0.9% in the third quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 23,498,805 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $887,079,000 after buying an additional 213,200 shares during the last quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. raised its position in shares of Intel by 0.6% in the third quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 14,453,797 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $545,631,000 after buying an additional 81,682 shares during the last quarter. APG Asset Management N.V. raised its position in shares of Intel by 1.0% in the third quarter. APG Asset Management N.V. now owns 14,298,314 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $539,761,000 after buying an additional 138,352 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Sanders Capital LLC raised its position in shares of Intel by 18.2% in the third quarter. Sanders Capital LLC now owns 10,998,517 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $423,742,000 after buying an additional 1,689,725 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 65.90% of the company’s stock. Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) opened at 36.16 on Tuesday. Intel Co. has a 52 week low of $29.50 and a 52 week high of $38.45. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $35.77 and a 200-day moving average price of $36.10. The stock has a market cap of $170.96 billion, a PE ratio of 17.06 and a beta of 1.03. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, January 26th. The chip maker reported $0.79 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.75 by $0.04. The company had revenue of $16.40 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $15.75 billion. Intel had a return on equity of 20.95% and a net margin of 17.37%. The business’s revenue was up 10.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.74 earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that Intel Co. will post $2.80 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Shareholders of record on Sunday, May 7th will be paid a $0.2725 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 3rd. This represents a $1.09 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.01%. This is a positive change from Intel’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.26. Intel’s payout ratio is currently 49.29%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/04/fred-alger-management-inc-decreases-stake-in-intel-co-intc.html. A number of analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Sanford C. Bernstein downgraded shares of Intel from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating and dropped their target price for the stock from $36.00 to $30.00 in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. BNP Paribas set a $39.00 target price on shares of Intel and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, January 28th. Vetr downgraded shares of Intel from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $38.98 target price for the company. in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reissued a “positive” rating on shares of Intel in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity reissued a “buy” rating and set a $43.00 target price on shares of Intel in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and twenty-seven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $40.05. In other Intel news, EVP Diane M. Bryant sold 4,503 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $37.23, for a total value of $167,646.69. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 108,712 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,047,347.76. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, EVP Diane M. Bryant sold 2,766 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, January 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $37.59, for a total value of $103,973.94. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 106,566 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,005,815.94. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 193,972 shares of company stock worth $7,014,041. Insiders own 0.09% of the company’s stock. Intel Company Profile Intel Corporation is engaged in designing and manufacturing products and technologies, such as the cloud. The Company’s segments are Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group (NSG), Intel Security Group (ISecG), Programmable Solutions Group (PSG), All Other and New Technology Group (NTG). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Semiconductor Stocks Under Review — Advanced Micro Devices, Intel, ON Semiconductor, and Cypress Semiconductor NEW YORK, April 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Stock-Callers.com brings focus on four Semiconductor Broad Line stocks, namely: Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (NASDAQ: AMD), Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC), ON Semiconductor Corp. (NASDAQ: ON), and Cypress Semiconductor Corp. (NASDAQ: CY). According to John Neuffer, President and CEO of the Semiconductor Industry Association, the global Semiconductor market reached nearly $340 billion in sales in 2016, and modest growth is expected to continue in 2017 and beyond. Learn more about these stocks by downloading their free research reports in PDF format at: http://stock-callers.com/registration Advanced Micro Devices On Monday, shares in Sunnyvale, California headquartered Advanced Micro Devices Inc. recorded a trading volume of 48.31 million shares. The stock ended the day at $14.64, rising 0.62% from the last trading session. The Company's shares have advanced 12.36% in the past month and 29.10% in the previous three months. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 11.47% and 64.52%, respectively. Furthermore, shares of Advanced Micro Devices, which operates as a semiconductor company worldwide, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 61.72. On March 30th, 2017, Advanced Micro Devices announced that the Company is scheduled to hold its Annual Meeting of Stockholders on Wednesday, April 26th, 2017, at 9 a.m. PT at its corporate headquarters, "Commons Building," 1 AMD Place, Sunnyvale, California, and on the Internet. On March 31st, 2017, research firm Macquarie initiated a 'Neutral' rating on the Company's stock, with a target price of $14 per share. Sign up and read the free research report on AMD at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=AMD Intel Santa Clara, California-based Intel Corp.'s stock climbed 0.25%, finishing yesterday's session at $36.16. A total volume of 32.01 million shares was traded, which was above their three months average volume of 23.77 million shares. The Company's shares have gained 0.72% in the last month and 0.41% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 0.36% and 2.68%, respectively. Additionally, shares of Intel, which designs, manufactures, and sells computer, networking, and communications platforms worldwide, have an RSI of 59.13. On March 29th, 2017, Intel announced the appointment of Aicha S. Evans as Chief Strategy Officer, effective immediately. Ms. Evans will be responsible for driving the Company's long-term strategy to transform from a PC-centric Company to a data-centric Company, as well as leading rapid decision-making and company-wide execution of the strategy. On March 31st, 2017, research firm Macquarie initiated an 'Outperform' rating on the Company's stock, with a target price of $40 per share. The complimentary research report on INTC can be downloaded at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=INTC ON Semiconductor Shares in Phoenix, Arizona headquartered ON Semiconductor Corp. ended the session 2.71% lower at $15.07. The stock recorded a trading volume of 6.10 million shares. The Company's shares have gained 18.10% in the previous three month. The stock is trading 1.75% above its 50-day moving average and 24.83% above its 200-day moving average. Moreover, shares of ON Semiconductor, which manufactures and sells semiconductor components for various electronic devices worldwide, have an RSI of 51.31. On March 27th , 2017, ON Semiconductor has launched the FDMF8811, the industry's first 100V Bridge Power Stage module for half-bridge and full-bridge isolated dc-dc converters. The 25 A-rated device integrates a 120V driver IC, a bootstrap diode, and two highly efficient power MOSFETs in a PQFN-36 package. The FDMF8811 is available now in clip bond PQFN-36 packaging and priced at $3.50 per unit in 10,000 unit quantities. Register for free on Stock-Callers.com and access the latest report on ON at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=ON Cypress Semiconductor At the closing bell on Monday, San Jose, California headquartered Cypress Semiconductor Corp.'s stock dropped 1.82%, finishing at $13.51. A total volume of 7.92 million shares was traded, which was above their three months average volume of 6.73 million shares. The Company's shares have gained 1.05% in the last month and 18.98% over the previous three months. The stock is trading 3.79% and 18.22% above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages, respectively. Additionally, shares of Cypress Semiconductor, which designs, develops, manufactures, markets, and sells embedded system solutions worldwide, have an RSI of 48.87. On March 28th , 2017, Cypress Semiconductor announced that its Wi-Fi® and Bluetooth® combo solution delivers wireless connectivity for the new Raspberry Pi Zero W board for IoT applications. The Cypress CYW43438 combo solution provides robust 802.11n Wi-Fi for developers to connect their applications to the Internet, along with advanced coexistence algorithms enabling simultaneous Bluetooth 4.1 operations, such as audio streaming and low-power Bluetooth Low Energy connections, to smartphones, sensors and other low-power devices. On March 30th, 2017, research firm Morgan Stanley downgraded the Company's stock rating from 'Equal-Weight' to 'Underweight'. Get free access to your research report on CY at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=CY Stock Callers:  Stock Callers (SC) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. SC has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  SC has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@stock-callers.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by SC. SC is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  SC, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. SC, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, SC, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither SC nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://stock-callers.com/legal-disclaimer/ CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you're a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@stock-callers.com Phone number: +44-330-808-3765 Office Address: Clyde Offices, Second Floor, 48 West George Street, Glasgow, U.K. -G2 1BP CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. CategoriesUncategorized TagsComputer/ Electronics, Electronic Components, Investments Opinions, Semiconductors Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hurley Sisters Commit To Pursuing Tokyo 2020 Olympics Next PostNext Impact of Existing and Emerging Ballistic Protection Materials Market Trends And Forecast 2015-2025 Search Recent Posts Interstitial Cystitis – Epidemiology Insights -2023 Royalton Negril y Hideaway en Royalton Negril, abren oficialmente sus puertas en Jamaica Global Healthcare Analytics Market: Trends Analysis and Forecasts up to 2022 Global Graft versus Host Disease (GVHD) Market 2017-2027 SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses In Excess Of $100,000 Investing In Global Eagle Entertainment Inc. To Contact The Firm Before Lead Plaintiff Deadline Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Is UX the new ‘going to the gym’? Weekend takeaway: Recognising sci-tech’s finest Irish forestry boom sees funding and partnerships emerge Ireland an ‘enthusiastic’ EU state, but Brexit puts pressure on financial sector It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender Brexit’s drying up of talent pool a major worry in UK Return of the McAfee: Intel Security spun out as new $4.2bn business Oath is the new name for AOL and Yahoo, we swear! Imagination Technologies shares freefall by 70pc after Apple cuts ties Weekend takeaway: Food for thought Just Eat’s Amanda Roche-Kelly: ‘We are creating the world’s largest food community’ WeChat’s EU and US expansion about to get more aggressive TV and film industry wins case to force Irish ISPs to block streaming sites Pornhub announces default encryption to prevent ISPs tracking content The five-minute CIO: Mark Goldin, Cornerstone OnDemand Can blockchain disrupt the legal industry? 2016 saw huge glut of data breaches, with 1.4bn files compromised What does GDPR mean for your energy business? Enet to light up 10 regional Irish towns with fibre in €5m investment No signal: Internet and TV licence debate is flawed Extreme snaps up Brocade’s data centre networking business Enet pumps £175,000 into Northern Ireland telecoms infrastructure US Congress backs biggest privacy U-turn in internet history Bank of Ireland aims Digital Arrows to get more people online Ireland lands latest 1Gbps tech hub, with Galway centre up to speed Slack co-founder: ‘No one in business software thinks of the users’ Astia to host Entrepreneur Showcase and Investor Masterclass at Inspirefest 2017 LINC Dublin start-ups project 60 new jobs in the next year Angel investors say they will invest €85m in 264 Irish start-ups by 2022 IoT sensor firm AmbiSense gets €1m to fund international expansion ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One Those mysterious radio bursts are definitely coming from space Good science relies on the democratisation of data Buzz Aldrin to touch down in Cork this summer for space conference DCU deep into 24-hour online brainstorming session SpaceX to make history by blasting its first recycled rocket into space Global call issued for entries to 2017 James Dyson Award Graphene sieve that turns seawater into drinking water could be a game-changer Researchers find Star Wars ‘superlaser’ is actually possible Global IoT round-up: Samsung, Microsoft and warehouse robots AI and IoT dominated insurtech funding in 2016, with UK in the lead SoftBank’s new take on SIM cards the perfect ingredient for IoT Architecture firm reveals crazy plan to attach skyscraper to an asteroid How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS Could the future of work include a basic income? How to find a new job, and find the right person to fill one How to solve the ageism problem in the tech sector Code Institute and IBAT join forces with coding courses Tech apprenticeships could be the answer to the skills shortage What do you need to know to get a job in emerging technologies? ‘Every day, there is a new challenge as the tech ecosystem evolves around us’ How can the most successful people help you become a better entrepreneur? How to make sure your company really has diversity How to quit your job with no backup plan How do I explain the gap in my CV? 5 alternative career goals to make you happy Game giant Brenda Romero to receive BAFTA for stunning career ‘Seeing the science evolve from concept to reality is the best part of research’ MSD thinks beyond business to make a positive impact What is it like working on the chatbot platforms of the future? Deep learning is about more than AI – it has unified research MSD chemical engineer: ‘Soft skills are key to what I do every day’ 6 top international companies hiring in data right now How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce? 6 companies hiring in fintech right now 7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful Software firm SL Controls creates 40 jobs across Irish offices UK patent firm Keltie opens office in Galway to tap into medtech start-ups Financial services player Alter Domus creates 60 jobs in Cork Damovo creates bridge to 30 new Dublin jobs At Qualtrics, culture is a huge part of the interview process Could robots actually take up 30pc of all jobs? PwC thinks so ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Adorable ‘My Happy Robot Tom’ named Irish Doodle 4 Google winner Twitter is ditching the egg avatar to shed troll image Twitter will now stop replies hogging your 140-character limit Holidaymakers, rejoice! Passport renewal will soon be offered online Bonfire night in Derry lands top Sony photo award Facebook is in crackling form to pop Snap’s bubble Android smashes Windows and the rest is history Samsung confirms release date and specs for Galaxy S8 Apple rolls out iOS 10.3 and watchOS 3.2 updates, plus Night Shift for Mac Apple brings out Product (RED) edition iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus phones Where did I park my car? Google Maps will soon tell all First impressions: The Huawei P10 smartphone Netflix to tailor future original series to suit smartphones Could The Matrix be making a comeback to our screens? Twitch reveals Pulse, a Twitter-like social network for gamers Is preloaded content on phones the new way to enjoy movies? Take a tour of Earth in this amazing Google Maps hyperlapse When is Stranger Things back? Netflix finally reveals all 13 inspirational women honoured in latest Google Doodle From Ferraris to aircraft carriers: Mind-blowing Lego creations ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas Where was every Star Wars movie filmed? This map reveals all ALL Want an internship that’s about more than coffee? Do you have what it takes to be an engineer in IoT? IBM Watson and AI are key players in the cybersecurity game of wits Growing a career in tech at Intel Ireland NIBRT: We help people who want to work in biotech What does a data analyst do on a day-to-day basis? ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT COMPANIES Return of the McAfee: Intel Security spun out as new $4.2bn business by John Kennedy 2 hours ago1 Share Image: Evdokimov Maxim/Shutterstock Intel Security will once again be known as McAfee. Intel has made good on its promise to divest itself of its security division by spinning it out as an independent company. The new business will go by its old name, McAfee, and will be valued at $4.2bn. Intel acquired McAfee in 2010 for $7.6bn. The chip giant will still own 49pc of the new company, and the remainder will be owned by venture firm TPG. In September, Intel sold a 51pc stake to TPG for around $3.1bn and the latter promised to invest $1.1bn in the former Intel Security division. Equity investment firm Thoma Bravo has joined McAfee as a minority investor through an agreement with TPG. 200bn smart objects will need security Intel senior vice-president and general manager Chris Young will lead the new McAfee as CEO. Young described cybersecurity as the greatest challenge of the connected age. “As a stand-alone company with a clear purpose, McAfee gains the agility to unite people, technology and organisations against our common adversaries and ensure our technology-driven future is safe,” he said. By 2020, Intel estimates that 200bn smart objects will be part of the internet of things universe, posing new security challenges. “We offer Chris Young and the McAfee team our full support as they establish themselves as one of the largest pure-play cybersecurity companies in the industry,” said Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO. “Security remains important to Intel, and in addition to our equity position and ongoing collaboration with McAfee, Intel will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices,” Krzanich said. Related: M&As, infosec, McAfee, Intel Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist. editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Machines IoT global round-up: Suspect arrested in Mirai botnet attack 24 Feb 201710 Shares Hiring Now A dynamic and rapidly expanding company Always at the cutting edge of new innovation Keeps files safe, synced and easy to share 2016 Graduate Employer of the Year Start-ups Start-up of the week: Firmwave 12 Dec 2016872 Shares Companies Oath is the new name for AOL and Yahoo, we swear! 3 hours ago2 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Companies Intel snaps up computer vision expert Mobileye in $15.3bn deal 13 Mar 201716 Shares Companies Will the titans of tech allow themselves to be Trump’s pawns? 15 Dec 201614 Shares Enterprise Tech giants to use digital fingerprinting to block terrorist content 6 Dec 201622 Shares Latest News Those mysterious radio bursts are definitely coming from space 23 minutes ago Ireland lands latest 1Gbps tech hub, with Galway centre up to speed 34 minutes ago ‘Every day, there is a new challenge as the tech ecosystem evolves around us’ 2 hours ago Graphene sieve that turns seawater into drinking water could be a game-changer 2 hours ago Return of the McAfee: Intel Security spun out as new $4.2bn business 2 hours ago Oath is the new name for AOL and Yahoo, we swear! 3 hours ago TV and film industry wins case to force Irish ISPs to block streaming sites 3 hours ago Enet to light up 10 regional Irish towns with fibre in €5m investment 3 hours ago Android smashes Windows and the rest is history 18 hours ago Imagination Technologies shares freefall by 70pc after Apple cuts ties 18 hours ago Could the future of work include a basic income? 19 hours ago Slack co-founder: ‘No one in business software thinks of the users’ 19 hours ago Researchers find Star Wars ‘superlaser’ is actually possible 19 hours ago Astia to host Entrepreneur Showcase and Investor Masterclass at Inspirefest 2017 19 hours ago Adorable ‘My Happy Robot Tom’ named Irish Doodle 4 Google winner 20 hours ago LINC Dublin start-ups project 60 new jobs in the next year 21 hours ago Angel investors say they will invest €85m in 264 Irish start-ups by 2022 21 hours ago IoT sensor firm AmbiSense gets €1m to fund international expansion 23 hours ago How can the most successful people help you become a better entrepreneur? 23 hours ago No signal: Internet and TV licence debate is flawed 1 day ago Twitter is ditching the egg avatar to shed troll image 1 day ago Software firm SL Controls creates 40 jobs across Irish offices 1 day ago Izzy Wheels named winner of 2017 Accenture Leaders of Tomorrow award 1 day ago How to make sure your company really has diversity 1 day ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian McAfee spins off from Intel Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: New Mac Pro O’Reilly losing ads Umunhum opening set What ails Chevy Bolt? Dancing With the Stars Ask Amy: Little League jerk Business McAfee back after expected Intel spin-off Chipmaker expected to announce Tuesday that its completed deal to spin-off security unit Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Chris Young, CEO of McAfee. On Tuesday, April 4, Intel plans to announce that it has formerly spun off its security division and renamed it McAfee, the name the business had before the chipmaker acquired it in 2011. (Courtesy of McAfee) By Troy Wolverton | twolverton@bayareanewsgroup.com | PUBLISHED: April 4, 2017 at 12:01 am | UPDATED: April 4, 2017 at 8:08 am McAfee is back in business by itself. Intel plans to announce Tuesday that it has spun off its security unit as a standalone company. That unit was established at Intel when the chipmaker purchased anti-virus software maker McAfee in 2011. Intel renamed the business Intel Security three years later, but now that the business is going off on its own again, it will reclaim its old name. The spin-off will allow both Intel and McAfee to work at their own pace and focus on what each does best, said Steve Grobman, who will be McAfee’s chief technology officer. Intel’s product development efforts are very “methodical,” Grobman said. By contrast, “when we see new threats, we need to be able to develop new technology very rapidly and get it into consumers’ hands as rapidly as possible.” As a standalone business, McAfee plans to move from offering software that protects individual devices to trying to offer technology that offers broader coverage, he said. With the number of devices connected to consumers’ networks growing — particular with growing adoption of Internet of Things gadgets — so too are security threats, Grobman said. The company is already working with modem and network equipment makers to get its software installed on their devices. “We’re moving to be all about protecting consumers’ overall digital life,” he said. In addition to its consumer business, McAfee offers security software for companies. In that business, the company is hoping to offer a kind of modular system where customers can add different protections to a base security platform. The company also plans to make its software work with that of other security companies, he said. That’s a reflection of how many networks are configured today. Santa Clara-based Intel announced plans last September to sell a majority stake of its security business to investment firm TPG. TPG agreed to pay Intel $1.1 billion and assume about $2 billion in the security business’ debt to gain a 51 percent stake in the unit. At the close of the deal, Intel will own 49 percent of McAfee. The security company will remain based in Santa Clara. Chris Young, who has been heading up the unit under Intel as a senior vice president and general manager, will be McAfee’s new CEO. The standalone company will have 7,500 to 8,000 employees, Grobman said. McAfee plans to hire a “fairly significant” number of employees after the spin-off to staff administrative positions, he said. Intel acquired McAfee in 2011 for about $6.7 billion. The security business has seen relatively flat sales in recent years, although its operating profit grew 88 percent in 2016 year compared with the year before. Tags:  Intel Personal Technology Security Technology Troy Wolverton Troy Wolverton writes the Tech Files column and covers consumer technology as the personal technology columnist for the Bay Area News Group. Previously, he covered Apple and the consumer electronics industry. Earlier, he reported on technology, business and financial issues for TheStreet.com and CNET News.com. Follow Troy Wolverton TechFiles.bayareanewsgroup Follow Troy Wolverton @troywolv Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Warriors sprint away from Timberwolves with another dominant third quarter Giants nearing deal with veteran outfielder Drew Stubbs Good wood: Madison Bumgarner declines Hall of Fame’s request for his historic bat The Bay Area could be in for some nasty gridlock this evening California bill to eliminate bail clears panel Hiking Santa Clara County’s ‘Magnificent 7’ trails Ask Amy: I’m married to that jerk at the Little League game Silicon Valley investing slump continues, fewer startups get funded More in Business Silicon Valley investing slump continues, fewer startups get funded April 04, 2017, 9:01 pm Experts say activity isn’t likely to rebound in the near future to the highs hit in 2015, but that’s not necessarily. Palo Alto fines against Edgewood Plaza owners ‘justified,’ hearing officer says April 04, 2017, 7:39 pm The fines the city of Palo Alto has imposed on the owners of Edgewood Plaza for not having a grocery store at the site are justified, an administrative hearing officer said in a decision that became effective Sunday. Lance Bayer, the hearing officer, found that Sand Hill Property Co. in violation of various ordinances and must pay an outstanding $248,250... Dublin: New Ikea plan reignites debate; store would open in 2020 April 04, 2017, 8:18 pm Revised plans for a new Ikea store in Dublin include underground parking and open space, but some residents say the store isn’t a good fit for the community. H-1B visa lottery brings truckloads of applications, new uncertainty April 04, 2017, 1:09 pm Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Pong, anyone? How about Pong on a vintage oscilloscope? Goodbye, cruel world! NASA's Cassini preps for kamikaze Saturn dive Patch Qubes to prevent pwnage via Xen bug Theres's no shame in VMware quitting the public cloud Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Theres's no shame in VMware quitting the public cloud Adieu pour toujours! VMware flogs vCloud Air hosting biz to OVH Google serves Espresso link-ups for Cloud Qumulo 'cumulates mad dollar through VCs with Chinese connection Ford slurps 400 BlackBerry devs in smart car software push Android beats Windows as most popular OS for interwebz – by 0.02% Microsoft's in-store Android looks desperate but can Google stop it? Ubuntu 17.04 beta FACT: It's what's on the inside that matters, not looks Patch Qubes to prevent pwnage via Xen bug McAfee is McAfee again, promises security with kum ba yah Schneider Electric still shipping passwords in firmware RAT-catchers spot new malware attacking South Korean word processor The 'data driven enterprise' is actually just the enterprise Converged systems market is so hot it just went backwards Defence in Depth: A 'layered' strategy can repel cold attackers Surprise! Thanks to the cloud, you've got a hybrid infrastructure Continuous Lifecycle: Over 40 reasons to secure your place Massive scale, tight security – what's not to love about Kubernetes 1.6? Well... Continuous Lifecycle Workshops: Choose your preferred deep dive DevOps hype? Sometimes a pizza really is just a pizza Policy The Channel NY court slaps down Facebook's attempt to keep accounts secret from search warrants Couchbase swaps CEO for ex-Veritas prez Governments could introduce 'made by humans' tags - legal report Google opens patent pool for Android Ha ha, OK, fun's over. Time to drop that FTC antitrust thing, like, now – Qualcomm begs court Mac Pro update: Apple promises another pricey thing it will no doubt abandon after a year Teenagers think Doritos are cooler than Apple It's 30 years ago: IBM's final battle with reality SPB Geek's Guide Goodbye, cruel world! NASA's Cassini preps for kamikaze Saturn dive Steppe thugs pacified by the love of stone age women Boeing details 'Deep Space Gateway' for Mars mission staging Mediaeval Yorkshirefolk mutilated, burned t'dead to prevent reanimation Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Startup remotely 'bricks' grumpy bloke's IoT car garage door – then hits reverse gear M3: Dr Mark Bishop to present keynote Andreesen Horowitz tips $10m into American AI drone upstart Google's video recognition AI is trivially trollable Verity Stob Pong, anyone? How about Pong on a vintage oscilloscope? New plastic banknote plans now upsetting environmental campaigners Pirate of the Caribbean to play Hacker of the Caribbean Nuns left in limbo after phone line transfer hell More like this Brocade Pure Storage Data Center Storage Stealth-cloaked startup claims to be developing super-fast arrays. How fast? Well... Name-checks VC object of affection in leaked pitch 4 Apr 2017 at 08:31, Chris Mellor +Comment Vexata is a stealthy storage array startup with a product technology that it has been telling people is "25 times faster" than arrays from leading rival vendor and VC favourite Pure Storage. That's the claim made in pre-stealth emergence material, anyway. We have no product against which to measure performance data. The VCs who have funded Vexata will have been given more detailed information, but The Register has not seen that. Pure, of course, has its own faster arrays coming, as we've written about here previously. Vexata's founder and CEO is Zahid Hussain, ex-SVP and GM at EMC, former engineering VP at VMware, an Entrepreneur in Residence (EIR) at August Capital, and previously VP engineering at Brocade. The company is based in San Jose. Pitchbook says it was: Founded in 2013 $5m A round in Feb 2014 $22m B round in Sep 2014 $22m B1 round in July 2016 That's $49m in total, before emergence from stealth, and the pattern and amount of funding indicates hardware development to El Reg. The investors are Lightspeed, Intel Capital, Mayfield and Redline Capital Management. Lightspeed's website says: "Vexata delivers data systems that empower businesses to operate faster and smarter than ever before. Our solution eliminates the need to rewrite applications, adjust provisioning and performance knobs, add caching or memory grids, or deal with complex monitoring and troubleshooting. Simply and easily deploy Vexata systems into new or existing data-intensive environments and enjoy unprecedented data velocity at massive scale." Intel Capital's says: "Vexata is an early stage company developing a disruptively high performance system for analytics, IoT, and database applications." Vexata website landing page Vexata's own website talks of real data in realtime and a document we have seen says it's developing an improvement in data velocity at scale, using a distributed software architecture and high-performance networking. The company claims it will deliver a more-than-10-times higher throughput and lower latency at better cost than today's leading storage all-flash array products. The Vexata website trills: "Transact, respond and analyze at the," er, "speed of you," adding, "We invented the Real Time Architecture so you don't have to wait." It says its technology means you can "scale capacity and throughput on-demand, without disruption" and "plug and play into your existing environment. No re-architecting, tiering or tuning." The startup claims the array's latency has "unmatched response time across large data sets," is fabric-attached, supports the latest flash and storage-class memory SSDs, indicating NVMe drives and, in the future, 3D Xpoint SSDs and DIMMs. It also has "enterprise availability, data protection and data services." NVMe SSD characteristics are listed as: 200 microsecs latency 45GBps read bandwidth 15GBps write bandwidth 7 million IOPS The fabric-attached point refers to Fibre Channel if a Vexata quote on Brocade's 32Gbps Fibre Channel announcement is taken at face value: "Vexata's mission is to deliver a fast, simple and transformative data infrastructure for all modern applications. With Brocade's Gen 6 Fibre Channel solutions paired with Vexata's Real Time Architecture, enterprises will have access to the most efficient shared data storage infrastructure at a performance never seen before. In addition, the Vexata array is being fully qualified with Brocade's Gen 6 Fibre Channel portfolio providing customers the confidence that they are deploying the most modern data infrastructure available today." Vexata's array supports Oracle, KX, SQL Server, DB2, MySQL, Splunk, Postgres SQL, SAP, Aerospike and SAS, which makes it seem like a general-purpose data access accelerator. The developing technology has been tried out at several customers and, we understand, the fastest SAS analytic benchmarks ever run were seen by one customer. Another thought the developing Vexata array's response times and throughput must have been misrecorded – they were so fast. Records have been set on a SQL Server data warehouse analytics run and a software build process ran ten times faster. Reg comment The NVMe SSD characteristics Vexata quotes are ballpark. An Intel DC P3700 NVMe SSD has 200 microsec read access latency, different write access latency, and 2,800/2,000 MB/sec read/write bandwidth. We don't get told by Intel what its IOPS rating is. El Reg thinks Vexata may be quoting numbers it has obtained directly from an SSD supplier. Pure doesn't use NVMe SSDs yet but it intends to in the not-too-distant future. We might imagine that these kinds of results could prise cash from VCs. It seems that this is a DSSD-class product, recently killed off by Dell – but with data services, a more affordable price point, and the ability to run in existing IT environments by using, for example, Fibre Channel. The presence of a Vexata quote in Brocade's latest Gen 6 Fibre Channel switch release suggests the company will emerge from stealth later this year. If it can deliver on the claims above then we could be about to welcome the latest and greatest storage array to our shared storage world. If it can't then there'll be another headstone in the storage technology graveyard. ® Tips and corrections 4 Comments More from The Register Brocade baits its switch: Entry level kit to ID abnormal VM activity Pops out second Gen 6 FC switch a year after its first Arris slaps down US$800m to buy Brocade's wireless bits Broadcom waves farewell to what used to be Ruckus and the ICX switch business 4 Comments Brocade virtualises flow monitoring to Fibre Channel 'Tapless' traffic analysis Brocade SAN sales butchered by hyper-converged upstarts Fibre Channel revenues flag as Broadcom acquisition spooks IP network buyers Old school Fibre Channel gets new lesson in NVMe treatment Brocade and QLogic team up for a proof of concept demo 3 Comments Infinidat to flog Brocade storage networking gear Adds networking port failover capability Whitepapers The CIO Guide to Autonomic IT How do you assure application performance while minimizing costs. Faster Applications with Predictive Flash Interactive tool outlining the benefits of Predictive Flash to remove the app-data gap. Advanced Evasion Techniques for Dummies This e-book explains how AETs defeat traditional security measures and how you can beat them, with special attention to the risks posed to industrial control systems Dynamic Optimization Technology for Infrastructure Resources and Cloud Services Access this Innovation Insight to read Gartner’s recommendations for incorporating dynamic optimisation technology into your infrastructure and cloud initiatives. Most read Wi-Fi sex toy with built-in camera fails penetration test Head of US military kit-testing slams F-35, says it's scarcely fit to fly Microsoft's in-store Android looks desperate but can Google stop it? Franken-firm DXC Technology is born today, the fun begins... It's 30 years ago: IBM's final battle with reality Spotlight Stealth-cloaked startup claims to be developing super-fast arrays. How fast? Well... Finally – from brandbox to whitebox: Storage fabric is SDS realised Manchester college swaps out disk for rackful of hybrid flash Sweet AFA: Pure sees flash of Big Blue as it drops to fifth behind IBM SolidFire chief talks up secret upcoming hyperconverged system The gospel according to Blockchain, or is it the other way round? Western Digital CTO Martin Fink refused El Reg's questions, but did write this sweet essay WD changes tack on its archiving array strategy but fails to tell anyone Sponsored links Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Contact us Advertise with us More content Under the hood Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Intel Shows Life Beyond CMOS By admin in Uncategorized April 4, 2017 R. Colin Johnson, EETimes 4/3/2017 01:20 PM EDT PORTLAND, Ore. ‐Intel described more than a dozen technologies to transcend the limitations of CMOS it is developing in conjunction with universities and the Semiconductor Research Corp. industry consortium at the International Symposium on Physical Design here last month. Intel’s ultimate goal is to achieve significantly lower energy per operation for computation while utilizing the same fabs. “We are looking beyond CMOS logic and computation methods to discover how to do it differently,” said Ian Young, a senior fellow in with Intel’s Technology Manufacturing Group and director of exploratory integrated circuits in components research. “We want to lower the power supply voltage well below 0.5V, but the 60mV per decade sub-threshold swing of the MOSFET limits us from doing this for CMOS logic.”Click here to read more … E-mail This Article Printer-Friendly Page Contact Intel Fill out this form for contacting a Intel representative.… Post navigation Global Semiconductor Sales Up 16.5 Percent Year-to-Year Can Imagination survive without Apple? Search for: Recent Posts Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Smartphone Review Sydney measles outbreak: six people infected, spent time in Children’s Hospital at Westmead IPL 2017: We know we have the capability to win the tournament again, says David Warner Costa peps up Chelsea ahead of City clash Missing IPL 10, Murali Vijay and KL Rahul watch Manchester United vs Everton Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
Search Contactez-nous Suivez-nous sur Twitter News Product Reviews Business News Market News MAGIC QUADRANT  Files Special Reports Interviews International News Opinion WHITE  PAPER Cyber Security ENISA Security Vulnerability Malware Update Diary Diary EVENTS Guide & Podcast Jobs Adeptis Group - Recruitment Agency Indeed - one search. all jobs TRAINING   Next Issues Subscribe Freely subscribe to our NEWSLETTER Newsletter FR Newsletter EN Vulnérabilités Unsubscribe IT Jobs and Computer Security SEO SEM Business News A Brand New McAfee Commits to Building a Safer Future April 2017 by Marc Jacob McAfee announced that it has begun operating as a new standalone company. As a standalone business, McAfee is one of the world’s largest pure-play cybersecurity firms. Built on the belief that “Together is Power,” the new McAfee will expand upon its leading security solutions platform to better enable customers to effectively identify and orchestrate responses to cyber-threats. The launch of McAfee marks the closing of the previously announced investment by TPG and Intel Corporation (INTC) to establish a pure-play cybersecurity company with access to significant capital, operational and technology resources. Additionally, McAfee announced that leading private equity investment firm Thoma Bravo has joined, as a minority investor in the Company, through an agreement with TPG. As previously announced, Intel is retaining a 49 percent equity stake in the new entity. With the help of its new investment partners, McAfee will apply greater market focus, build its platform and target new financial, operational and technology investments to better address the cybersecurity market’s significant global growth opportunity. Intel Senior Vice President and General Manager Chris Young will lead the new McAfee as Chief Executive Officer. TPG Partner Bryan Taylor has been named Chairman of the Board. Innovation McAfee represents more than 7,500 of the industry’s most talented cybersecurity professionals, while holding more than 1,200 security technology patents and ongoing industry recognition for its products. McAfee is also home to McAfee Labs, one of the world’s leading sources for cyber-threat intelligence. McAfee’s people, technology and insights enable McAfee solutions to correlate real-world data collected from millions of sensors across key threat vectors and inform the next generations of McAfee product innovation. Trust From the moment the first worm was unleashed on the internet in 1988, to the massive 2016 Mirai distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack, the cybersecurity industry has witnessed exponential growth in the volume and variety of cyber-threats. For the last three decades, McAfee has earned the trust of consumers, businesses and governments by delivering practical solutions to address these threats. Today, McAfee’s award winning products and solutions today protect more than 74.9 million endpoints daily, including 87% of the world’s largest banks and Fortune 100 firms and more than 263 million consumer endpoints. Collaboration McAfee believes in the power of working together—only when people, technology and organizations work together can we become safer. The McAfee Security Innovation Alliance, the industry’s premier technology partnering program, boasts more than 135 partners globally. Over the past year, more than 30 partners have integrated or planned integrations with the McAfee Data Exchange Layer (DXL), the industry-endorsed communication fabric providing real-time interaction between applications. Goldman Sachs, & Co., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, RBC Capital Markets, and UBS Investment Bank served as financial advisors to TPG and Thoma Bravo, and Allen & Company LLC served as financial advisor to Intel. Ropes & Gray served as legal advisors to TPG, Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP served as legal advisors to Intel, and Kirkland & Ellis served as legal advisors to Thoma Bravo. Tweeter See previous articles      See next articles Security Vulnerability Vigil@nce - sscg: security improvement Vigil@nce - svgSalamander: Cross Site Request (...) Vigil@nce - WavPack: four vulnerabilities Vigil@nce - mupdf: three vulnerabilities Vigil@nce - Drupal Better Exposed Filters: (...) Blog securiTeam : SSD Advisory - AlienVault (...) Vigil@nce - Sophos SafeGuard encryption: lack (...) Vigil@nce - IBM AIX : déni de service via (...) Vigil@nce - IBM AIX: denial of service via (...) Vigil@nce - IBM AIX: privilege escalation via (...) Toutes nos news en Francais EQUITY annonce l’obtention de la certification (...) Frans Imbert Vier, PDG d’Ubcom : Comment les (...) LogPoint obtient un financement de 10 (...) Kaspersky Lab identifie des cybercriminels (...) 5 décembre 2017 : Le Data Center au coeur de (...) Benchmarkez la maturité des entreprises et (...) OVH annonce son projet d’acquérir l’activité (...) Les élections et la cybersécurité : dernières (...) Double Attaque : que recherchent vraiment les (...) Cybersécurité et Cloud : dépenses en hausse et (...) Your podcast Here New, you can have your Podcast here. Contact us for more information ask: Marc Brami Phone: +33 1 40 92 05 55 Mail: ipsimp@free.fr All new podcasts   News Files Cyber Security Security Vulnerability Malware Update Diary Guide & Podcast Jobs TRAINING Contact About Mentions légales S'identifier ADMIN Global Security Mag Copyright 2011  
Follow بالعربيه Log In Search this site: Country Specific News Algeria Bahrain Egypt Iran Iraq Jordan KSA Kuwait Lebanon Libya Morocco Oman Palestine Qatar Sudan Syria Tunisia UAE Yemen HOME NEWS BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS WEATHER EDITOR'S CHOICE THE LOOP Home » Business » It And Technology » A Brand New Mcafee Commits To Building A Safer Future ALSO IN BUSINESS 1 - 5 OF 15 Dubai real estate deals hit record high of $21B Qatar: 2022 World Cup offers $385M in business opportunities Revealed: Saudi Arabia's top 10 salaries for 2017 Jordan, Egypt sign gas supply deals Qatar to launch world’s biggest gas field: QP chief Egypt's external debt up 40.8 percent amid currency flotation Turkey's exports surge to $13.6B in March Landlords and tenants in Dubai could see new rental law Tunisia gets EU support for SME growth, development New soft drinks tax confirmed by GCC countries: Sources British firm lands $1.3B oil project in Kuwait Tunisia receives $64M grant from the European Commission Now is the time to invest in Turkey: Akfen Holding chief Saudi Arabia tops list of importers from Bahrain with $119M: Report Gulf Business reveals UAE's top 10 salaries for 2017, is yours one of them? A brand new McAfee commits to building a safer future A brand new McAfee commits to building a safer future 2.5 5 Published April 4th, 2017 - 07:50 GMT Press Release Rate Article: 2.5 Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit Christopher Young, CEO, McAfee Follow > Click here to add Allen & Company LLC as an alert Click here to remove the Allen & Company LLC alert Disable alert for Allen & Company LLC, Click here to add Brian Krzanich as an alert Click here to remove the Brian Krzanich alert Disable alert for Brian Krzanich, Click here to add Bryan Taylor as an alert Click here to remove the Bryan Taylor alert Disable alert for Bryan Taylor, Click here to add Chris Young as an alert Click here to remove the Chris Young alert Disable alert for Chris Young, Click here to add Christopher Young as an alert Click here to remove the Christopher Young alert Disable alert for Christopher Young, Click here to add Goldman Sachs & Co. as an alert Click here to remove the Goldman Sachs & Co. alert Disable alert for Goldman Sachs & Co., Click here to add Intel Corporation as an alert Click here to remove the Intel Corporation alert Disable alert for Intel Corporation, Click here to add KIRKLAND & ELLIS as an alert Click here to remove the KIRKLAND & ELLIS alert Disable alert for KIRKLAND & ELLIS, Click here to add McAfee Labs as an alert Click here to remove the McAfee Labs alert Disable alert for McAfee Labs, Click here to add McAfee Security Innovation Alliance as an alert Click here to remove the McAfee Security Innovation Alliance alert Disable alert for McAfee Security Innovation ..., Click here to add Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC as an alert Click here to remove the Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC alert Disable alert for Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Click here to add RBC Capital Markets as an alert Click here to remove the RBC Capital Markets alert Disable alert for RBC Capital Markets, Click here to add ROPES & GRAY as an alert Click here to remove the ROPES & GRAY alert Disable alert for ROPES & GRAY, Click here to add Seth Boro as an alert Click here to remove the Seth Boro alert Disable alert for Seth Boro, Click here to add Thoma Bravo as an alert Click here to remove the Thoma Bravo alert Disable alert for Thoma Bravo, Click here to add TPG Capital as an alert Click here to remove the TPG Capital alert Disable alert for TPG Capital, Click here to add UBS Investment Bank as an alert Click here to remove the UBS Investment Bank alert Disable alert for UBS Investment Bank McAfee (the “Company”), the globally trusted security provider, announced today that it has begun operating as a new standalone company. As a standalone business, McAfee is one of the world’s largest pure-play cybersecurity firms. Built on the belief that “Together is Power,” the new McAfee will expand upon its leading security solutions platform to better enable customers to effectively identify and orchestrate responses to cyber-threats. The launch of McAfee marks the closing of the previously announced investment by TPG and Intel Corporation (INTC) to establish a pure-play cybersecurity company with access to significant capital, operational and technology resources. Additionally, McAfee announced that leading private equity investment firm Thoma Bravo has joined, as a minority investor in the Company, through an agreement with TPG. As previously announced, Intel is retaining a 49 percent equity stake in the new entity. With the help of its new investment partners, McAfee will apply greater market focus, build its platform and target new financial, operational and technology investments to better address the cybersecurity market’s significant global growth opportunity. Intel Senior Vice President and General Manager Chris Young will lead the new McAfee as Chief Executive Officer. TPG Partner Bryan Taylor has been named Chairman of the Board. “Cybersecurity is the greatest challenge of the connected age, weighing heavily on the minds of parents, executives and world leaders alike,” said Christopher Young, CEO of McAfee. “As a standalone company with a clear purpose, McAfee gains the agility to unite people, technology and organizations against our common adversaries and ensure our technology-driven future is safe.” “We offer Chris Young and the McAfee team our full support as they establish themselves as one of the largest pure-play cybersecurity companies in the industry,” said Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO. “Security remains important to Intel, and in addition to our equity position and ongoing collaboration with McAfee, Intel will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices.” “Since its founding, McAfee has been dedicated to offering its customers industry-leading cybersecurity solutions,” said Bryan Taylor, Partner at TPG Capital and Chairman of the Board at McAfee. “Its ongoing commitment to product innovation, a rich partner ecosystem, and superior customer service has created a trusted brand that will thrive as a standalone entity. We look forward to working with the company and our partners to accelerate growth and continue building a leading cybersecurity platform that serves to protect customers in today’s changing environment.” “McAfee is a global organization with a 30-year history and a brand known the world over for innovation, trust and collaboration. Given our years of focus on the security software sector, we see great opportunity for McAfee to continue to advance and innovate,” said Seth Boro, a Managing Partner at Thoma Bravo. “Our deep sector knowledge and history of helping build successful businesses will be an asset to the company, and we look forward to working with the management team and our colleagues at TPG and Intel to guide McAfee through its next chapter of growth.” The New McAfee The company also outlined a new strategic vision, focused on innovation, trust, and collaboration. Innovation McAfee represents more than 7,500 of the industry’s most talented cybersecurity professionals, while holding more than 1,200 security technology patents and ongoing industry recognition for its products. McAfee is also home to McAfee Labs, one of the world’s leading sources for cyber-threat intelligence. McAfee’s people, technology and insights enable McAfee solutions to correlate real-world data collected from millions of sensors across key threat vectors and inform the next generations of McAfee product innovation. Trust From the moment the first worm was unleashed on the internet in 1988, to the massive 2016 Mirai distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack, the cybersecurity industry has witnessed exponential growth in the volume and variety of cyber-threats. For the last three decades, McAfee has earned the trust of consumers, businesses and governments by delivering practical solutions to address these threats. Today, McAfee’s award winning products and solutions today protect more than 74.9 million endpoints daily, including 87% of the world’s largest banks and Fortune 100 firms and more than 263 million consumer endpoints. Collaboration McAfee believes in the power of working together—only when people, technology and organizations work together can we become safer. The McAfee Security Innovation Alliance, the industry’s premier technology partnering program, boasts more than 135 partners globally. Over the past year, more than 30 partners have integrated or planned integrations with the McAfee Data Exchange Layer (DXL), the industry-endorsed communication fabric providing real-time interaction between applications. Goldman Sachs, & Co., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, RBC Capital Markets, and UBS Investment Bank served as financial advisors to TPG and Thoma Bravo, and Allen & Company LLC served as financial advisor to Intel. Ropes & Gray served as legal advisors to TPG, Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP served as legal advisors to Intel, and Kirkland & Ellis served as legal advisors to Thoma Bravo.  Join Albawaba Business Follow Albawaba Business Rate Article: 2.5 Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit EDITOR’S CHOICE 1 - 4 OF 12 Algeria adds to archives - by buying back documents from France These young Palestinian women are bringing baseball to Gaza Whopping $40.8 million in prize money to be given out for UAE camel races Dubai’s new taxi fleet will come with wifi and flat screens! Embroidered dolls tell stories of Aleppo’s mothers Snookered: Iran bans female billiards players for “un-Islamic” performances Social media: A platform to promote or curb extremist activities 'We want to eat!' - Austerity measures in Egypt take a new turn German ambassador invites Saudi Arabia to go green! Egyptian judge sentenced to life for possession of 68kg of cannabis! Egypt-Sudan pyramid spat continues: cultural disdain on display in both countries’ media New Lebanese film highlights tensions with Syria Top Headlines Amid criticism, Britain announces £1bn aid package for Syrian refugees These hot Egyptian models will make you wanna buy these clothes even if you're a woman! Hamas announces ‘week of repentance’ for Gazans working with Israel Dubai real estate deals hit record high of $21B Food poisoning lands Nadine el Rassi in hospital RECENT ARTICLES Dubai real estate deals hit record high of $21B Qatar: 2022 World Cup offers $385M in business opportunities Revealed: Saudi Arabia's top 10 salaries for 2017 Jordan, Egypt sign gas supply deals No ban on horses it seems.. Qatar Airways flies 50 horses to US city FEATURED STORIES Zain, UNHCR, Facebook to bring free internet access to urban refugees in Jordan Start Up Lebanon entrepreneurs head to Silicon Valley Roadshow Huawei to establish a center of innovation in Saudi Arabia Middle East poised to become an industry leader in 3D printing Bahrain's Investcorp buys UK's Nebulas to become European cybersecurity giant RELATED ARTICLES Kuwait’s Ministry of Education Implements McAfee’s Foundstone Solution mcafee, inc. introduces mcafee mobile security risk management McAfee Expands Distribution Network by Appointing Redington mcafee, inc. research reveals 83 percent of global mobile operators have been hit by mobile device infections mcafee appoints new distribution partner in jordan MOST POPULAR Emirates set to bring world's largest plane with pool, gym and park! Oman eyes share of the halal food industry Saudi Aramco chooses Islamic bonds in the run-up to its much-anticipated IPO Real estate market in Lebanon growing slowly, but steadily: Report China helps Saudi Arabia reduce labor, material costs with 3D printed houses Add a new comment Reply to - X Write your comment... Post as anonymous Background information McAfee McAfee, headquartered in Santa Clara, California, is the world's largest dedicated security technology company. McAfee delivers proactive and proven solutions and services that help secure systems, networks, and mobile devices around the world, allowing users to safely connect to the Internet, browse and shop the Web more securely. More... McAfee, headquartered in Santa Clara, California, is the world's largest dedicated security technology company. McAfee delivers proactive and proven solutions and services that help secure systems, networks, and mobile devices around the world, allowing users to safely connect to the Internet, browse and shop the Web more securely. Backed by its unrivaled Global Threat Intelligence, McAfee creates innovative products that empower home users, businesses, the public sector and service providers by enabling them to prove compliance with regulations, protect data, prevent disruptions, identify vulnerabilities, and continuously monitor and improve their security.  Less... Contact Information: McAfee Dubai Internet City, Building16, Offices 137,141, Dubai, United Arab Emirates http://home.mcafee.com PR agency Procre8 Procre8 is a UAE-based PR agency. It offers services in PR, press and event consultancy. Procre8 is a UAE-based PR agency. It offers services in PR, press and event consultancy. Contact Information: Dubai, United Arab Emirates Tel:  +971 (0) 50 640 0762 Fax:  colin@procre8.biz http://www.procre8.biz PR contact Vernon Saldanha Mob:  +971 (0) 52 288 0850 vernon@procre8.biz Related Videos Michael Bay quits Samsung's press conference Egypt businessman on the state of Egypt BBC interview Naguib Sawiris From Around The Web Most Popular Most Discussed Contact the Editor Egypt agrees to train Lebanese army: 'It is time for Lebanon to decide its destiny on its own' Curbing 'irregular' migration, Libya and Tunisia sign deal with European countries Reduce, Reuse, Recycle! Amman’s first recycling station First photo of Saad Lamjarred in prison has been leaked Palestinian embroidery: Cultural heritage in transformation   More Stories » User login Log In Log in to Al Bawaba in order to manage your various website activities Login with Facebook Login with LinkedIn Login with Google Login with Live   © 2000 - 2017 Al Bawaba (www.albawaba.com) About Us Advertising Content Contact Us PR Services RSS Terms of Use
Menu CSO Mobile Security Data Protection Identity & Access CSOM CISO Leaders CSO Events Resources/Whitepapers Women in Security Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Google + RSS Feed Login Forgot password? Don't have an account? Sign up now close Security industry “has failed the customer”, exec concedes as reborn McAfee spruiks consulting, integration growth ‘Tool sprawl’ has complicated the security story and fueled surging demand for security skills David Braue (CSO Online) on 04 April, 2017 15:57 0 - - - - print email Gavin Struthers,Senior Vice President and President Asia Pacific Sales, McAfee The relaunching of the McAfee brand as a standalone company – after 7 years in which the company formerly known as Intel Security functioned as a division of Intel – will give the security giant more latitude to capitalise on runaway demand across the Asia-Pacific region, according to the company’s regional head. That demand saw the company increase its security consulting capabilities by 60 percent last year as enterprises wrestled with the challenges of integration and modernisation in what, McAfee senior vice president and president of Asia Pacific sales Gavin Struthers told CSO Australia, has become a “messy, fragmented industry”. “There’s a new widget every day because there’s a new threat that evolves every day,” explained Struthers, a 14-year McAfee veteran who assumed his regional role with Intel Security in early 2015. “And the industry is really good at inorganic innovation, where you just buy up features and technologies.” Yet this approach had become untenable in the long term, he said, because “we have all these point technologies and new innovations as a result. We’ve developed tool sprawl, which is too fragmented for customers to make sense of. And that’s one of the reasons the industry has failed the customer.” Contemporary solutions needed to be better integrated to facilitate sharing of threat data at the data exchange layer, he said, with various tool drawing on common sources of information so they can respond more effectively to new threats. “You can then automate a response because you are integrated at the platform level,” Struthers said, adding that the integration needed to extend to third-party products and services such as those in what is now called the McAfee Security Innovation Alliance (MSIA). The breadth and depth of MSIA partners – which, Struthers said, gives the company “a very broad spectrum of competitors and contributors that play in the industry” – will help McAfee continue building on the momentum that Intel Security put behind its division, which it acquired in 2010 and positioned as a cornerstone of its efforts in the exploding security industry. Yet with corporate ownership had come stricture around the organisation’s operations, which had led to there being “maybe not a lot of clarity around what is really going on in McAfee,” Struthers conceded. “Intel did a great job supporting the business, but we were somewhat obscured by the mothership being Intel. The McAfee brand coming back is very powerful.” Intel announced last September that it would join TPG in spinning off the Intel Security business with the McAfee name and take a minority stake in the new company, but faced legal challenges from original owner John McAfee after Intel preemptively moved to prevent him from starting his own security company with the name. Read more The week in security: Do businesses trust the cloud too much? The new entity is in “growth mode” in Australia and “hyper-growth” in south-east Asia and India, Struthers said, where businesses and governments are catching up with digital initiatives and laying down digital-security frameworks. This is driving more demand for advanced consulting capabilities and skills – an area where he said the company has been investing heavily, having quadrupled its training business in the last 18 months. Closing the cybersecurity skills gap remains a key part of general security strategy across Australia and the region, with the latest Hays Specialist Recruitment market report noting that security, system/infrastructure engineers with cloud experience, and DevOps remain key focus areas for employers. Data protection, compliance and auditing were key areas of demand in the security space, Hays said, as were firewall experts, cybersecurity specialists and security engineers. The recent Cisco Annual Cybersecurity Report 2017 identified key initiatives around skills as being part of cybersecurity improvement programs. For example, to protect the company from security breaches, some 38 percent of the 1375 respondents said they had separated the security team from the IT department and 37 percent had increased their investment in training of security staff. Fully 51 percent said they had outsourced security advice and consulting services in an effort to be more cost-efficient (52 percent) and to obtain unbiased insight (48 percent). Furthermore, those companies that were most dependent on security outsourcing, were the most ready to boost their investment even more: of those outsourcing 80 percent or more of their security, 15 percent said they would significantly increase their investment in the next year – compared with just 2 percent that said the same amongst those outsourcing 20 to 40 percent of their security needs. Read more Despite limited visibility, businesses trust cloud services over email and mobiles This demand created strong opportunity for the reborn McAfee organisation and a key part of the company’s strategy as it pursued new opportunities unfettered by its former ownership. “We are maturing the way that we engage, manage and partner with our customers on a more strategic level rather than just being a product supplier,” Struthers said, noting initiatives such as the hiring of a customer success leader, use of Net Promoter Scores to track customer satisfaction, and training and collaborating with partners. “We’re putting a lot more effort and resources into those companies,” he said. “Awareness and enablement for customers goes hand in hand with closing that skills gap, and we will hold ourselves accountable to customer satisfaction.” Read more: Attack, detection metrics improve but security specialists warn against complacency Cisco Live: Policy is closing Australia’s cybersecurity gap, but technology will preserve our momentum More from Cisco Join the CSO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Intel securitymcafeeMSIA partnerssecurity industryMcAfee Security Innovation Alliance (MSIA)data exchangeenterpriseCSO Australianew innovation More about CiscoCSOHaysHays Specialist RecruitmentIntelIntel SecurityMcAfee SecurityMSIA Read next The week in security: Do businesses trust the cloud too much? Beyond Trust: privilege, vulnerability management available through Azure Security industry “has failed the customer”, exec concedes as reborn McAfee spruiks ... Cisco Live: Innovation Day Anticipate 2016 Patching humans: Pointless exercise or an essential defence | ANTICIPATE 2016 Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Featured Whitepapers BYOD and Mobile Security – 2016 Spotlight Report PCI: It’s Not Just for Card Companies Anymore Responding to Today’s Advanced Threats Editor's Recommendations ​Apple patches iPhone Broadcom wi-fi bug; Samsung Galaxy may be affected too The week in security: Do businesses trust the cloud too much? ​Espionage expert offers five viewpoints on state-sponsored hacking Solution Centres Enterprise Mobility Resource Centre Security Intelligence Network Security Zone Stories by David Braue Security industry “has failed the customer”, exec concedes as reborn McAfee spruiks consulting, integration growth The week in security: Do businesses trust the cloud too much? Ransomware-ignorant consumers barely protect their digital lives – so how will they protect their employers’ data? Despite limited visibility, businesses trust cloud services over email and mobiles Latest Videos CSO Webinar: 21st-century whalers will harpoon your profits – and conventional defences can't stop them Play Video CSO Webinar: So, you’ve put your data in the cloud. How will you keep it safe? Play Video CSO Webinar: Will your data protection strategy be enough when disaster strikes? Play Video CSO Webinar: The Human Factor - Your people are your biggest security weakness Play Video CSO Webinar: Current ransomware defences are failing – but machine learning can drive a more proactive solution Play Video More videos Blog Posts Are all proxies actually security assets? Matthew Hackling Awareness Matt Tett Are you on the backfoot? Jarrod Loidl Internet Security....the final word.....well maybe the second final.....ah, maybe one more after that..... Drazen Drazic Send Us E-mail | Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Subscribe to emails | Contacts Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO | CMO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Home Login/Sign up Sections Industries Industries Banking & Finance Health Government Retail Manufacturing Data Protection Data Protection Application Security Network Security Cloud Security Social Networking Security Wireless / Mobile Security Malware / Cybercrime Data Privacy PCI & Compliance IT Audit Social Engineering Identity & Access Identity & Access Access Control Identity Management Identity Theft Prevention Mobile Security Security Leadership Security Leadership Compliance Executive Communication Security Awareness Strategic Planning / ERM Metrics / Budgets Security Industry Global Security Security Career Staffing Risk Management RSA 2014 Women in Security News Features Opinions Blogs Reviews EThreatz Resources / Whitepapers Galleries Events CSO Directory RSS Feed
Software store | AliExpress | MightyApe | The Grand Tour | Amazon Prime | Amazon Fire TV | Amazon (Kindle, books, electronics) Home Forums News Articles Reviews Price comparison Email Blasts Slack Search Contact Welcome Guest. You haven't logged in yet. If you don't have an account you can register now. McAfee now a standalone company Posted on 4-Apr-2017 18:17 | Filed under: News : Security McAfee has begun operating as a new standalone company. As a standalone business, McAfee is one of the world’s largest pure-play cybersecurity firms.    The launch of McAfee marks the closing of the previously announced investment by TPG and Intel Corporation (INTC) to establish a pure-play cybersecurity company with access to significant capital, operational and technology resources. Additionally, McAfee announced that private equity investment firm Thoma Bravo has joined, as a minority investor in the company, through an agreement with TPG. As previously announced, Intel is retaining a 49 percent equity stake in the new entity.   With the help of its new investment partners, McAfee will apply greater market focus, build its platform and target new financial, operational and technology investments to better address the cybersecurity market’s significant global growth opportunity. Intel Senior Vice President and General Manager Chris Young will lead the new McAfee as Chief Executive Officer. TPG Partner Bryan Taylor has been named Chairman of the Board.   “Cybersecurity is the greatest challenge of the connected age, weighing heavily on the minds of parents, executives and world leaders alike,” said Christopher Young, CEO of McAfee. “As a standalone company with a clear purpose, McAfee gains the agility to unite people, technology and organizations against our common adversaries and ensure our technology-driven future is safe.”   “We offer Chris Young and the McAfee team our full support as they establish themselves as one of the largest pure-play cybersecurity companies in the industry,” said Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO. “Security remains important to Intel, and in addition to our equity position and ongoing collaboration with McAfee, Intel will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices.”   “Since its founding, McAfee has been dedicated to offering its customers industry-leading cybersecurity solutions,” said Bryan Taylor, Partner at TPG Capital and Chairman of the Board at McAfee. “Its ongoing commitment to product innovation, a rich partner ecosystem, and superior customer service has created a trusted brand that will thrive as a standalone entity. We look forward to working with the company and our partners to accelerate growth and continue building a leading cybersecurity platform that serves to protect customers in today’s changing environment.”   “McAfee is a global organization with a 30-year history and a brand known the world over for innovation, trust and collaboration. Given our years of focus on the security software sector, we see great opportunity for McAfee to continue to advance and innovate,” said Seth Boro, a Managing Partner at Thoma Bravo. “Our deep sector knowledge and history of helping build successful businesses will be an asset to the company, and we look forward to working with the management team and our colleagues at TPG and Intel to guide McAfee through its next chapter of growth.”   McAfee represents more than 7,500 cybersecurity professionals, while holding more than 1,200 security technology patents and ongoing industry recognition for its products. McAfee is also home to McAfee Labs, one of the world’s leading sources for cyber-threat intelligence. McAfee’s people, technology and insights enable McAfee solutions to correlate real-world data collected from millions of sensors across key threat vectors and inform the next generations of McAfee product innovation.   McAfee’s products and solutions today protect more than 74.9 million endpoints daily, including 87% of the world’s largest banks and Fortune 100 firms and more than 263 million consumer endpoints.   Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Trending now » Hot discussions in our forums right now: The President Of The USA: Donald Trump Created by TimA, last reply by kingdragonfly on 5-Apr-2017 17:32 (3843 replies) ... 255 256 257 spam email Created by Ford, last reply by Ford on 1-Apr-2017 22:44 (23 replies) ... 2 WTB: Cheap X360 or PS3 with games Auckland Created by TimA, last reply by 6FIEND on 5-Apr-2017 16:22 (20 replies) ... 2 Recommended Sci-Fi Novels Created by Paul1977, last reply by BlueShift on 5-Apr-2017 16:46 (54 replies) ... 2 3 4 NZ Met Service weather APP Created by ronw, last reply by MetServiceComms on 5-Apr-2017 12:56 (37 replies) ... 2 3 2degrees Max Unlimited data plan Created by freitasm, last reply by SaltyNZ on 5-Apr-2017 14:37 (51 replies) ... 2 3 4 TiVo Service ending on 31 October 2017 Created by Riggleby, last reply by DMCM on 5-Apr-2017 11:57 (579 replies) ... 37 38 39 Escape Rooms Created by LennonNZ, last reply by Lias on 3-Apr-2017 17:44 (16 replies) ... 2 RSS feeds Main feed Forums feed All RSS feeds Site features Geekzone Mobile Geekzone Badges Geekzone Slack channel Geekzone on Twitter Geekzone Dashboard Geekzone offers Amazon orders (Kindle, books, everything) MightyApe orders Geekzone software store Payoneer card Site Information Subscribe to Geekzone Privacy Statement Forum Usage Guidelines (FUG) Advertising on Geekzone Trademark and copyright ©2002-2017 Geekzone®
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News A Brand New McAfee Commits to Building a Safer Future NEWS HIGHLIGHTS – McAfee announces new status as a standalone cybersecurity company dedicated to enabling technology, people and organisations to work together – Closing of previously announced investment from TPG Capital and Intel that valued the company at $4.2 billion USD – In connection with the close of this transaction, Thoma Bravo joins as a minority investor through an agreement with TPG – Partnership provides McAfee with capital to accelerate growth and enhance focus as a standalone business – Previous Intel Security general manager Christopher Young named McAfee CEO  Santa Clara, Calif., April 4, 2017 – McAfee (the “Company”), the globally trusted security provider, announced today that it has begun operating as a new standalone company. As a standalone business, McAfee is one of the world’s largest pure-play cybersecurity firms. Built on the belief that “Together is Power,” the new McAfee will expand upon its leading security solutions platform to better enable customers to effectively identify and orchestrate responses to cyber-threats.  The launch of McAfee marks the closing of the previously announced investment by TPG and Intel Corporation (INTC) to establish a pure-play cybersecurity company with access to significant capital, operational and technology resources. Additionally, McAfee announced that leading private equity investment firm Thoma Bravo has joined, as a minority investor in the Company, through an agreement with TPG. As previously announced, Intel is retaining a 49 percent equity stake in the new entity.  With the help of its new investment partners, McAfee will apply greater market focus, build its platform and target new financial, operational and technology investments to better address the cybersecurity market’s significant global growth opportunity. Intel Senior Vice President and General Manager Chris Young will lead the new McAfee as Chief Executive Officer. TPG Partner Bryan Taylor has been named Chairman of the Board.  “Cybersecurity is the greatest challenge of the connected age, weighing heavily on the minds of parents, executives and world leaders alike,” said Christopher Young, CEO of McAfee. “As a standalone company with a clear purpose, McAfee gains the agility to unite people, technology and organisations against our common adversaries and ensure our technology-driven future is safe.”  “We offer Chris Young and the McAfee team our full support as they establish themselves as one of the largest pure-play cybersecurity companies in the industry,” said Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO. “Security remains important to Intel, and in addition to our equity position and ongoing collaboration with McAfee, Intel will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices.” “Since its founding, McAfee has been dedicated to offering its customers industry-leading cybersecurity solutions,” said Bryan Taylor, Partner at TPG Capital and Chairman of the Board at McAfee. “Its ongoing commitment to product innovation, a rich partner ecosystem, and superior customer service has created a trusted brand that will thrive as a standalone entity. We look forward to working with the company and our partners to accelerate growth and continue building a leading cybersecurity platform that serves to protect customers in today’s changing environment.” “McAfee is a global organisation with a 30-year history and a brand known the world over for innovation, trust and collaboration. Given our years of focus on the security software sector, we see great opportunity for McAfee to continue to advance and innovate,” said Seth Boro, a Managing Partner at Thoma Bravo. “Our deep sector knowledge and history of helping build successful businesses will be an asset to the company, and we look forward to working with the management team and our colleagues at TPG and Intel to guide McAfee through its next chapter of growth.” The New McAfee The company also outlined a new strategic vision, focused on innovation, trust, and collaboration. Innovation McAfee represents more than 7,500 of the industry’s most talented cybersecurity professionals, while holding more than 1,200 security technology patents and ongoing industry recognition for its products. McAfee is also home to McAfee Labs, one of the world’s leading sources for cyber-threat intelligence. McAfee’s people, technology and insights enable McAfee solutions to correlate real-world data collected from millions of sensors across key threat vectors and inform the next generations of McAfee product innovation. Trust From the moment the first worm was unleashed on the internet in 1988, to the massive 2016 Mirai distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack, the cybersecurity industry has witnessed exponential growth in the volume and variety of cyber-threats. For the last three decades, McAfee has earned the trust of consumers, businesses and governments by delivering practical solutions to address these threats. Today, McAfee’s award winning products and solutions today protect more than 74.9 million endpoints daily, including 87% of the world’s largest banks and Fortune 100 firms and more than 263 million consumer endpoints. Collaboration McAfee believes in the power of working together—only when people, technology and organisations work together can we become safer. The McAfee Security Innovation Alliance, the industry’s premier technology partnering program, boasts more than 135 partners globally. Over the past year, more than 30 partners have integrated or planned integrations with the McAfee Data Exchange Layer (DXL), the industry- endorsed communication fabric providing real-time interaction between applications. Goldman Sachs, & Co., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, RBC Capital Markets, and UBS Investment Bank served as financial advisors to TPG and Thoma Bravo, and Allen & Company LLC served as financial advisor to Intel. Ropes & Gray served as legal advisors to TPG, Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP served as legal advisors to Intel, and Kirkland & Ellis served as legal advisors to Thoma Bravo. About McAfee McAfee is one of the world’s leading independent cybersecurity companies. Inspired by the power of working together, McAfee creates business and consumer solutions that make the world a safer place. www.mcafee.com About Intel Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel can be found at newsroom.intel.com and intel.com. About TPG TPG is a leading global alternative asset firm founded in 1992 with more than $74 billion USD of assets under management and offices in Austin, Beijing, Boston, Dallas, Fort Worth, Hong Kong, Houston, Istanbul, London, Luxembourg, Melbourne, Moscow, Mumbai, New York, San Francisco, São Paulo, and Singapore. TPG’s investment platforms are across a wide range of asset classes, including private equity, growth venture, real estate, credit, and public equity. TPG aims to build dynamic products and options for its investors while also instituting discipline and operational excellence across the investment strategy and performance of its portfolio. For more information, visit http://www.tpg.com/. About Thoma Bravo Thoma Bravo is a leading private equity firm focused on the software and technology-enabled services sectors. With a series of funds representing more than $17 billion USD in capital commitments, Thoma Bravo partners with a company’s management team to implement operating best practices, invest in growth initiatives and make accretive acquisitions intended to accelerate revenue and earnings, with the goal of increasing the value of the business. Representative past and present portfolio companies include industry leaders such as Blue Coat Systems, Deltek, Digital Insight, Global Healthcare Exchange, Hyland Software, PowerPlan, Riverbed, SolarWinds, SonicWall, Sparta Systems and TravelClick. The firm has offices in San Francisco and Chicago. For more information, visit www.thomabravo.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Surgical Stapling Devices Market by Type, Size, Share, Cost, Revenue, Applications and Forecast 2017-2021 Next PostNext Spino: A Simple Solution for a Healthy Back by Notion Innovations Search Recent Posts IQF Fruits and Vegetables Market,2015-2025 by Segmentation Based on Product, Application and Region Shock Wave Therapy Devices Sales Market Report 2017-2022 Focuses On Top Companies, Research Methodology, Drivers and Opportunities Progressing Cavity Pumps Sales Market 2022: New Business Opportunities for Manufactures to Upsurge in Coming Years APAC Broadcasting Equipment Market to be Worth US $5,104.8 Million by 2024 Prenatal Vitamins Supplements Sales Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Computers Intel to Develop Hybrid Kaby Lake-G Processor; Will Feature Multi Die Design By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on April 4, 2017 01:42 PM At the moment, major semiconductor foundry both in Asia and America are boasting the 10nm process node. However, there are some reports that this technology is quite tricky to accomplish, especially on a complete die. This is why Intel came up with a hybrid technology that will feature multiple process nodes and dies on its next line of Kaby Lake-G processors. According to a recent leak from Benchlife, the new heterogeneous or hybrid design will make use of multiple process nodes for various parts of the processor. For the main core and GPU, Intel will use its current 10nm process node. For other parts like IO and communication peripherals, it could use a much older technology which is the 14nm process. Finally, on other non-critical parts of the chip, Intel could use a process node that is a lot more older, for instance a 22nm process node. Intel Kaby Lake-G road map (via intel.com) In addition to multi-node design, Intel is also considering a multi-die design strategy. In this case, the CPU will be interconnected with other peripherals like HBM2 memory using the flip-chip technology. Multiple dies will be connected via a silicon bridge instead of a usual interposer commonly used in fanout chip design. This new strategy will ensure that good die-to-die interconnection is being maximized while maintaining a small die footprint and lower overall cost. At the moment, apart from a few details, nothing much is known about the Intel Kaby Lake-G processors. However, consumers can expect chips made from this node will be used for embedded and laptop applications. According to the same reports from Benchlife, the Kaby Lake-G will come with two SKUs, a 65W and a 100W TDP chip. Furthermore, unlike the earlier Kaby Lake processors, this version will not have in-built PCH controller. Instead, system developers will need to implement their own external PCH bridge to use the Kaby Lake-G. For more updates on the Intel Kaby Lake-G, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also Read: Snapdragon 835-based HTC U Phone Renders Leaked Intel to Develop Hybrid Kaby Lake-G Processor; Will Feature Multi Die Design April 4th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:Inte Kaby Lake, intel, Intel Kaby Lake-G Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Intel 10nm Chips Will Be Better And Cheaper Than Samsung, Qualcomm Intel Introduces Optane SSD DC P4800X, It’s Fastest Solid State Drive Yet 32-Core Intel Skylake EP Xeon E5 2699 v5 Benchmark Surfaces Online About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured State Of Decay 2 Release Date Reveal At E3 2017 Confirmed By Undead Labs Persona 5 DLC: How To Get The Day One Bonuses Overwatch April 11 Predictions: 25th Hero Reveal, Daily Rewards, And More Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS The Sims 4 Developers Need Your Help For A New Stuff Pack The Sims team is reaching out to its fans to help them create a... Injustice 2 Gotham City Sirens: Catwoman Trailer Teases The Popular DC Team No one expected Injustice 2 Gotham City Sirens, since the upcoming game is a... Destiny 2 Release Details Leaked By GameStop; DLCs, Carryovers, And More Revealed By Bungie Last week was a good week for Destiny fans as Bungie had a lot... Pokemon GO Shiny Magikarp Spawns Confirmed Permanent, New Shinies Possibly Soon The official Pokemon GO Twitter confirmed that the Water Festival event has finally concluded.... Mass Effect Andromeda Update: Bioware To Address Feedback On April 4 It looks like Bioware will be discussing a possible Mass Effect Andromeda update soon,... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go featured Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook PC iOS pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Pokemon Go Update Marvel Stephen Heller Overwatch NBA 2k17 iPad iPhone 7 Blizzard Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
A Brand New McAfee Commits to Building a Safer Future NEWS HIGHLIGHTS McAfee announces new status as a standalone cybersecurity company dedicated to enabling technology, people and organizations to work together Closing of previously announced investment from TPG Capital and Intel that valued the company at $4.2 billion In connection with the close of this transaction, Thoma Bravo joins as a minority investor through an agreement with TPG Partnership provides McAfee with capital to accelerate growth and enhance focus as a standalone business Previous Intel Security general manager Christopher Young named McAfee CEO Loading media player... A Brand New McAfee Download Windows Media Video Quicktime MPEG-4 Video ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? A Brand New McAfee Windows Media Video Quicktime MPEG-4 Video Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 04, 2017 12:01 AM Eastern Daylight Time SANTA CLARA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--McAfee (the “Company”), the globally trusted security provider, announced today that it has begun operating as a new standalone company. As a standalone business, McAfee is one of the world’s largest pure-play cybersecurity firms. Built on the belief that “Together is Power,” the new McAfee will expand upon its leading security solutions platform to better enable customers to effectively identify and orchestrate responses to cyber-threats. The launch of McAfee marks the closing of the previously announced investment by TPG and Intel Corporation (INTC) to establish a pure-play cybersecurity company with access to significant capital, operational and technology resources. Additionally, McAfee announced that leading private equity investment firm Thoma Bravo has joined, as a minority investor in the Company, through an agreement with TPG. As previously announced, Intel is retaining a 49 percent equity stake in the new entity. With the help of its new investment partners, McAfee will apply greater market focus, build its platform and target new financial, operational and technology investments to better address the cybersecurity market’s significant global growth opportunity. Intel Senior Vice President and General Manager Chris Young will lead the new McAfee as Chief Executive Officer. TPG Partner Bryan Taylor has been named Chairman of the Board. “Cybersecurity is the greatest challenge of the connected age, weighing heavily on the minds of parents, executives and world leaders alike,” said Christopher Young, CEO of McAfee. “As a standalone company with a clear purpose, McAfee gains the agility to unite people, technology and organizations against our common adversaries and ensure our technology-driven future is safe.” “We offer Chris Young and the McAfee team our full support as they establish themselves as one of the largest pure-play cybersecurity companies in the industry,” said Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO. “Security remains important to Intel, and in addition to our equity position and ongoing collaboration with McAfee, Intel will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices.” “Since its founding, McAfee has been dedicated to offering its customers industry-leading cybersecurity solutions,” said Bryan Taylor, Partner at TPG Capital and Chairman of the Board at McAfee. “Its ongoing commitment to product innovation, a rich partner ecosystem, and superior customer service has created a trusted brand that will thrive as a standalone entity. We look forward to working with the company and our partners to accelerate growth and continue building a leading cybersecurity platform that serves to protect customers in today’s changing environment.” “McAfee is a global organization with a 30-year history and a brand known the world over for innovation, trust and collaboration. Given our years of focus on the security software sector, we see great opportunity for McAfee to continue to advance and innovate,” said Seth Boro, a Managing Partner at Thoma Bravo. “Our deep sector knowledge and history of helping build successful businesses will be an asset to the company, and we look forward to working with the management team and our colleagues at TPG and Intel to guide McAfee through its next chapter of growth.” The New McAfee The company also outlined a new strategic vision, focused on innovation, trust, and collaboration. Innovation McAfee represents more than 7,500 of the industry’s most talented cybersecurity professionals, while holding more than 1,200 security technology patents and ongoing industry recognition for its products. McAfee is also home to McAfee Labs, one of the world’s leading sources for cyber-threat intelligence. McAfee’s people, technology and insights enable McAfee solutions to correlate real-world data collected from millions of sensors across key threat vectors and inform the next generations of McAfee product innovation. Trust From the moment the first worm was unleashed on the internet in 1988, to the massive 2016 Mirai distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack, the cybersecurity industry has witnessed exponential growth in the volume and variety of cyber-threats. For the last three decades, McAfee has earned the trust of consumers, businesses and governments by delivering practical solutions to address these threats. Today, McAfee’s award winning products and solutions today protect more than 74.9 million endpoints daily, including 87% of the world’s largest banks and Fortune 100 firms and more than 263 million consumer endpoints. Collaboration McAfee believes in the power of working together—only when people, technology and organizations work together can we become safer. The McAfee Security Innovation Alliance, the industry’s premier technology partnering program, boasts more than 135 partners globally. Over the past year, more than 30 partners have integrated or planned integrations with the McAfee Data Exchange Layer (DXL), the industry-endorsed communication fabric providing real-time interaction between applications. Goldman Sachs, & Co., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, RBC Capital Markets, and UBS Investment Bank served as financial advisors to TPG and Thoma Bravo, and Allen & Company LLC served as financial advisor to Intel. Ropes & Gray served as legal advisors to TPG, Skadden LLP, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom served as legal advisors to Intel, and Kirkland & Ellis served as legal advisors to Thoma Bravo. For more information, please visit the McAfee Press Kit. About McAfee McAfee is one of the world’s leading independent cybersecurity companies. Inspired by the power of working together, McAfee creates business and consumer solutions that make the world a safer place. www.mcafee.com About Intel Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel can be found at newsroom.intel.com and intel.com. About TPG TPG is a leading global alternative asset firm founded in 1992 with more than $74 billion of assets under management and offices in Austin, Beijing, Boston, Dallas, Fort Worth, Hong Kong, Houston, Istanbul, London, Luxembourg, Melbourne, Moscow, Mumbai, New York, San Francisco, São Paulo, and Singapore. TPG’s investment platforms are across a wide range of asset classes, including private equity, growth venture, real estate, credit, and public equity. TPG aims to build dynamic products and options for its investors while also instituting discipline and operational excellence across the investment strategy and performance of its portfolio. For more information, visit http://www.tpg.com/. About Thoma Bravo Thoma Bravo is a leading private equity firm focused on the software and technology-enabled services sectors. With a series of funds representing more than $17 billion in capital commitments, Thoma Bravo partners with a company’s management team to implement operating best practices, invest in growth initiatives and make accretive acquisitions intended to accelerate revenue and earnings, with the goal of increasing the value of the business. Representative past and present portfolio companies include industry leaders such as Blue Coat Systems, Deltek, Digital Insight, Global Healthcare Exchange, Hyland Software, PowerPlan, Riverbed, SolarWinds, SonicWall, Sparta Systems and TravelClick. The firm has offices in San Francisco and Chicago. For more information, visit www.thomabravo.com. McAfee and the McAfee logo are trademarks of McAfee LLC in the United States and other countries. *Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others. Contacts McAfee Jaime Le Jaime_Le@McAfee.com or Zeno Group Melinda Jenkins Melinda.Jenkins@zenogroup.com #Hashtags #NewMcAfee #TogetherisPower #Cyberthreats Social Media Profiles McAfee on Facebook McAfee on LinkedIn Contacts McAfee Jaime Le Jaime_Le@McAfee.com or Zeno Group Melinda Jenkins Melinda.Jenkins@zenogroup.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Intel divests McAfee after rough marriage, will now secure hardware Intel divests McAfee after rough marriage, will now secure hardware Intel will focus on putting security hooks in hardware and components Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 04 April, 2017 14:01 - - - - print email Comments Intel's finally washing its hands of McAfee after seven up and down years, which included a lawsuit last year from John McAfee, after whom the company is named. The chip maker has divested its majority holdings in McAfee to investment firm TPG for US$3.1 billion. McAfee will now again become a standalone security company, but Intel will retain a minority 49 percent stake. The chip maker will focus internal operations on hardware-level security. For Intel, dumping majority ownership in McAfee amounts to a loss. It spent $7.68 billion to acquire McAfee in 2010, which was a head-scratcher at the time. Intel's McAfee acquisition will stand as one of the company's worst acquisitions. The chip maker had the right idea when it acquired McAfee -- to add layers of security to hardware and components. Intel embedded McAfee technology in firmware at the PC and server chip level, and developed security management tools. McAfee technology was also used in hardware using real-time operating systems. However, McAfee had little ties to Intel's core hardware strategy. Intel was running a parallel hardware security strategy that had little to no ties to McAfee, which was renamed Intel Security. The chip maker was developing trusted boot systems and partnering with other companies on server security and secure payments. The McAfee acquisition gave Intel deep insight into the security arena, said Doug Fisher, senior vice president and general manager of the Software and Services Group at Intel. Separating the companies will put McAfee in a better position to grow in the software area, which is its core competency, Fisher said. It also leaves Intel in a better position to grow in hardware-level security at the chip and firmware levels, he added. Intel's focus will be on putting instructions and hooks on its silicon to protect users. It is already providing secure areas in its chips where user authentication data can be stored. For example, it's SGX (Software Guard Extensions) feature can authenticate users so content providers can stream 4K video to authorized PCs. It wants to use similar features to ensure secure payments from PCs. Security is also a big concern in IoT devices, but Intel will rely on partnerships. Intel is a member of Open Connectivity Foundation, and will work with industry partners to develop IoTivity protocols, which aim for secure connectivity between devices with multiple OSes and wireless technologies. Intel also is expanding into self-driving cars, where security is a big consideration. Hacking into the software controls of a self-driving car could be disastrous, and Intel is putting supercomputers in vehicles that will need to be secured. Another area of focus is the ability to securely deliver over-the-air updates to self driving cars, Fisher said. Intel will deliver a reference architecture to harden edge devices and gateways for automobile security. There will also be automobile security standards that could protect self-driving cars from hacks, Fisher said. VR is still in its infancy, and so are the security considerations. In virtual worlds, security could be much like it is in the real world, where certain virtual areas are cordoned off from unauthorized users. Also, Intel wants to cut the cord from VR headsets with secure wireless connections to PCs, Fisher said. The fate of some products like True Key -- which allows users to log into Windows PCs via biometric authentication -- are not yet known. True Key is a competitor to Microsoft's Windows Hello. Intel will also work with Microsoft to promote Windows Hello. Why Performance Matters When Building Your SD-WAN More from Silver Peak Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about IntelIntel SecurityMicrosoft Editor's Recommendations When will the IT project madness end? Ridley leads charge on 'intelligent built environments' in digital age Regaining trust after a digital government failure Tech dreams come true: Origin’s Kelly Ferguson reveals personal journey Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Accelerating digital business in the 4th industrial revolution Mastering the science of IT spend Read more Silver Peak Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Kingston Technology Moves to a Broadband WAN with Silver Peak PCI: It’s Not Just for Card Companies Anymore Detecting a Phising Email Anatomy of a Hack Disrupted Latest Jobs Senior Project Manager - Digital / Media NSW Contracts Manager NSW Data Analyst Lead SA New Business Lead - Professional Services (Pre-Sales) NSW Project Coordinator/Administrator NSW Delivery Executive SA ICT Project Manager NSW Service Delivery Manager NSW Head of Architecture, Global Financial Institution NSW Contracts Manager NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next G Suite vs. Office 365 cloud collaboration battle heats up Can more tech save Formula One from fan apathy? Security industry “has failed the customer”, exec concedes as reborn McAfee spruiks ... CSO Online In pictures: Breakfast - Information governance in a digital world 10 things you may not know about Google New era, new buzzphrase: We're headed for 'Digital Cohesion' CSO Chinese hackers go after third-party IT suppliers to steal data Apple fixes wireless-based remote code execution flaw in iOS Politicians' web browsing history targeted after privacy vote A free decryption tool is now available for all Bart ransomware versions Privacy rollback can cause headaches for corporate security pros Computerworld Labor calls for independent review of govt digital transformation efforts Former NAB exec to take charge of govt’s Digital Transformation Agency TPG picks up additional Singapore spectrum Demand driving up cyber security salaries After Congress revokes Internet privacy rules, downloads double of VPN-equipped Opera browser ARN OVH to acquire VMware’s vCloud Air business Businesses need to up the ante on digital strategies in CX The heat is on for hybrid infrastructure services providers Finding and selling a niche in a digital world SonicWall brings its partner program to Asia-Pacific Techworld Amazon to refund parents over kids' in-app purchases, says FTC Cisco says Arista’s redesign moves not good enough AT&T trials open switches for better future services After Congress revokes Internet privacy rules, downloads double of VPN-equipped Opera browser Chinese hackers go after third-party IT suppliers to steal data CMO Carat secures Yahoo7 brand chief as CMO iSelect CMO on building the ultimate customer ‘life admin store’ Updated: ExactTarget co-founder joins Experian cross-channel marketing division following sale ​Coca-Cola data chief on the art of connecting with customers Google, Coles, Cambridge Analytica on harnessing data to offer personalised experiences Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Computerworld New Zealand Intel divests McAfee after rough marriage, will now secure hardware News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Intel divests McAfee after rough marriage, will now secure hardware Intel will focus on putting security hooks in hardware and components Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 04 April, 2017 14:01 - - - - print email Comments Intel's finally washing its hands of McAfee after seven up and down years, which included a lawsuit last year from John McAfee, after whom the company is named. The chip maker has divested its majority holdings in McAfee to investment firm TPG for US$3.1 billion. McAfee will now again become a standalone security company, but Intel will retain a minority 49 percent stake. The chip maker will focus internal operations on hardware-level security. For Intel, dumping majority ownership in McAfee amounts to a loss. It spent $7.68 billion to acquire McAfee in 2010, which was a head-scratcher at the time. Intel's McAfee acquisition will stand as one of the company's worst acquisitions. The chip maker had the right idea when it acquired McAfee -- to add layers of security to hardware and components. Intel embedded McAfee technology in firmware at the PC and server chip level, and developed security management tools. McAfee technology was also used in hardware using real-time operating systems. However, McAfee had little ties to Intel's core hardware strategy. Intel was running a parallel hardware security strategy that had little to no ties to McAfee, which was renamed Intel Security. The chip maker was developing trusted boot systems and partnering with other companies on server security and secure payments. The McAfee acquisition gave Intel deep insight into the security arena, said Doug Fisher, senior vice president and general manager of the Software and Services Group at Intel. Separating the companies will put McAfee in a better position to grow in the software area, which is its core competency, Fisher said. It also leaves Intel in a better position to grow in hardware-level security at the chip and firmware levels, he added. Intel's focus will be on putting instructions and hooks on its silicon to protect users. It is already providing secure areas in its chips where user authentication data can be stored. For example, it's SGX (Software Guard Extensions) feature can authenticate users so content providers can stream 4K video to authorized PCs. It wants to use similar features to ensure secure payments from PCs. Security is also a big concern in IoT devices, but Intel will rely on partnerships. Intel is a member of Open Connectivity Foundation, and will work with industry partners to develop IoTivity protocols, which aim for secure connectivity between devices with multiple OSes and wireless technologies. Intel also is expanding into self-driving cars, where security is a big consideration. Hacking into the software controls of a self-driving car could be disastrous, and Intel is putting supercomputers in vehicles that will need to be secured. Another area of focus is the ability to securely deliver over-the-air updates to self driving cars, Fisher said. Intel will deliver a reference architecture to harden edge devices and gateways for automobile security. There will also be automobile security standards that could protect self-driving cars from hacks, Fisher said. VR is still in its infancy, and so are the security considerations. In virtual worlds, security could be much like it is in the real world, where certain virtual areas are cordoned off from unauthorized users. Also, Intel wants to cut the cord from VR headsets with secure wireless connections to PCs, Fisher said. The fate of some products like True Key -- which allows users to log into Windows PCs via biometric authentication -- are not yet known. True Key is a competitor to Microsoft's Windows Hello. Intel will also work with Microsoft to promote Windows Hello. Join the Computerworld New Zealand newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about IntelIntel SecurityMicrosoft Editor's Recommendations Vertiv helps Xtreme Networks keep its cool Genesis Energy migrates IT to Spark cloud Kordia aims for one million Sigfox IoT connections Telcos call for copper cut-off code NZTech urges action on IoT Spark promises 4.5G as 4G coverage passes 90 percent Related Whitepapers Detecting a Phising Email Accelerate Your Glide Path to AWS Cloud Migration PCI: It’s Not Just for Card Companies Anymore Anatomy of a Hack Disrupted Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Commerce Commission assesses Spark’s Teamtalk offer Latest WikiLeaks dump exposes CIA methods to mask malware ​Espionage expert offers five viewpoints on state-sponsored hacking CSO Online In pictures: The 2016 Hi-Tech Awards 'The Oscars of NZ's ICT industry' IN PICTURES: Kiwi student innovators unite as Microsoft Imagine Cup 2016 hits ... UpGuard names Nextgen as NZ distie Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Reseller News []
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan McAfee spin-off closes, company touts focus, independence McAfee was spun out from Intel in a deal with TPG. TPG owns 51 percent of McAfee and Intel retains 49 percent. McAfee CTO Steve Grobman said the company will be more agile going forward. By Larry Dignan for Between the Lines | April 4, 2017 -- 04:01 GMT (21:01 PDT) | Topic: Enterprise Software Cybersecurity company McAfee is independent once again and is hoping that focus will keep it ahead of emerging threats. McAfee will also have the capital to acquire other cybersecurity players. special feature Cyberwar and the Future of Cybersecurity Today's security threats have expanded in scope and seriousness. There can now be millions -- or even billions -- of dollars at risk when information security isn't handled properly. Read More On Tuesday, McAfee was spun out from Intel in a deal with TPG. TPG owns 51 percent of McAfee and Intel retains 49 percent. With the transaction, McAfee becomes one of the larger pure-play cybersecurity firms along with the likes of Symantec. McAfee CTO Steve Grobman said the company will be more agile going forward. "The product strategy doesn't change, but we will be more agile and have the ability to execute faster from organic development. The way you run a semiconductor company is different than what's needed in cybersecurity," said Grobman. Now the company wasn't hurting as part of Intel, but the core focus of McAfee's old owner was multi-year product cycles. McAfee, which will continue to be led by CEO Chris Young and most of the current executive team, will have to adapt to ransomware hitting larger companies, the weaponization of data and Internet of things attacks. "There are a lot of changes in a lot of areas," said Grobman. McAfee's goal is to work well with the broader security community because no one technology can do it all. McAfee will pivot to cloud services and build out its platform. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Enterprise Software Five emerging technologies for rapid digital transformation Enterprise Software Ralph Lauren calls ecommerce audible, bets on Salesforce Enterprise Software Best Google Chrome extensions Enterprise Software 'Windows as a service' means big, painful changes for IT pros × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
A Brand New McAfee Commits to Building a Safer Future NEWS HIGHLIGHTS McAfee announces new status as a standalone cybersecurity company dedicated to enabling technology, people and organizations to work together Closing of previously announced investment from TPG Capital and Intel that valued the company at $4.2 billion In connection with the close of this transaction, Thoma Bravo joins as a minority investor through an agreement with TPG Partnership provides McAfee with capital to accelerate growth and enhance focus as a standalone business Previous Intel Security general manager Christopher Young named McAfee CEO Loading media player... A Brand New McAfee Download Windows Media Video Quicktime MPEG-4 Video ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? A Brand New McAfee Windows Media Video Quicktime MPEG-4 Video Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 04, 2017 12:01 AM Eastern Daylight Time SANTA CLARA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--McAfee (the “Company”), the globally trusted security provider, announced today that it has begun operating as a new standalone company. As a standalone business, McAfee is one of the world’s largest pure-play cybersecurity firms. Built on the belief that “Together is Power,” the new McAfee will expand upon its leading security solutions platform to better enable customers to effectively identify and orchestrate responses to cyber-threats. The launch of McAfee marks the closing of the previously announced investment by TPG and Intel Corporation (INTC) to establish a pure-play cybersecurity company with access to significant capital, operational and technology resources. Additionally, McAfee announced that leading private equity investment firm Thoma Bravo has joined, as a minority investor in the Company, through an agreement with TPG. As previously announced, Intel is retaining a 49 percent equity stake in the new entity. With the help of its new investment partners, McAfee will apply greater market focus, build its platform and target new financial, operational and technology investments to better address the cybersecurity market’s significant global growth opportunity. Intel Senior Vice President and General Manager Chris Young will lead the new McAfee as Chief Executive Officer. TPG Partner Bryan Taylor has been named Chairman of the Board. “Cybersecurity is the greatest challenge of the connected age, weighing heavily on the minds of parents, executives and world leaders alike,” said Christopher Young, CEO of McAfee. “As a standalone company with a clear purpose, McAfee gains the agility to unite people, technology and organizations against our common adversaries and ensure our technology-driven future is safe.” “We offer Chris Young and the McAfee team our full support as they establish themselves as one of the largest pure-play cybersecurity companies in the industry,” said Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO. “Security remains important to Intel, and in addition to our equity position and ongoing collaboration with McAfee, Intel will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices.” “Since its founding, McAfee has been dedicated to offering its customers industry-leading cybersecurity solutions,” said Bryan Taylor, Partner at TPG Capital and Chairman of the Board at McAfee. “Its ongoing commitment to product innovation, a rich partner ecosystem, and superior customer service has created a trusted brand that will thrive as a standalone entity. We look forward to working with the company and our partners to accelerate growth and continue building a leading cybersecurity platform that serves to protect customers in today’s changing environment.” “McAfee is a global organization with a 30-year history and a brand known the world over for innovation, trust and collaboration. Given our years of focus on the security software sector, we see great opportunity for McAfee to continue to advance and innovate,” said Seth Boro, a Managing Partner at Thoma Bravo. “Our deep sector knowledge and history of helping build successful businesses will be an asset to the company, and we look forward to working with the management team and our colleagues at TPG and Intel to guide McAfee through its next chapter of growth.” The New McAfee The company also outlined a new strategic vision, focused on innovation, trust, and collaboration. Innovation McAfee represents more than 7,500 of the industry’s most talented cybersecurity professionals, while holding more than 1,200 security technology patents and ongoing industry recognition for its products. McAfee is also home to McAfee Labs, one of the world’s leading sources for cyber-threat intelligence. McAfee’s people, technology and insights enable McAfee solutions to correlate real-world data collected from millions of sensors across key threat vectors and inform the next generations of McAfee product innovation. Trust From the moment the first worm was unleashed on the internet in 1988, to the massive 2016 Mirai distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack, the cybersecurity industry has witnessed exponential growth in the volume and variety of cyber-threats. For the last three decades, McAfee has earned the trust of consumers, businesses and governments by delivering practical solutions to address these threats. Today, McAfee’s award winning products and solutions today protect more than 74.9 million endpoints daily, including 87% of the world’s largest banks and Fortune 100 firms and more than 263 million consumer endpoints. Collaboration McAfee believes in the power of working together—only when people, technology and organizations work together can we become safer. The McAfee Security Innovation Alliance, the industry’s premier technology partnering program, boasts more than 135 partners globally. Over the past year, more than 30 partners have integrated or planned integrations with the McAfee Data Exchange Layer (DXL), the industry-endorsed communication fabric providing real-time interaction between applications. Goldman Sachs, & Co., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, RBC Capital Markets, and UBS Investment Bank served as financial advisors to TPG and Thoma Bravo, and Allen & Company LLC served as financial advisor to Intel. Ropes & Gray served as legal advisors to TPG, Skadden LLP, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom served as legal advisors to Intel, and Kirkland & Ellis served as legal advisors to Thoma Bravo. For more information, please visit the McAfee Press Kit. About McAfee McAfee is one of the world’s leading independent cybersecurity companies. Inspired by the power of working together, McAfee creates business and consumer solutions that make the world a safer place. www.mcafee.com About Intel Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel can be found at newsroom.intel.com and intel.com. About TPG TPG is a leading global alternative asset firm founded in 1992 with more than $74 billion of assets under management and offices in Austin, Beijing, Boston, Dallas, Fort Worth, Hong Kong, Houston, Istanbul, London, Luxembourg, Melbourne, Moscow, Mumbai, New York, San Francisco, São Paulo, and Singapore. TPG’s investment platforms are across a wide range of asset classes, including private equity, growth venture, real estate, credit, and public equity. TPG aims to build dynamic products and options for its investors while also instituting discipline and operational excellence across the investment strategy and performance of its portfolio. For more information, visit http://www.tpg.com/. About Thoma Bravo Thoma Bravo is a leading private equity firm focused on the software and technology-enabled services sectors. With a series of funds representing more than $17 billion in capital commitments, Thoma Bravo partners with a company’s management team to implement operating best practices, invest in growth initiatives and make accretive acquisitions intended to accelerate revenue and earnings, with the goal of increasing the value of the business. Representative past and present portfolio companies include industry leaders such as Blue Coat Systems, Deltek, Digital Insight, Global Healthcare Exchange, Hyland Software, PowerPlan, Riverbed, SolarWinds, SonicWall, Sparta Systems and TravelClick. The firm has offices in San Francisco and Chicago. For more information, visit www.thomabravo.com. McAfee and the McAfee logo are trademarks of McAfee LLC in the United States and other countries. *Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others. Contacts McAfee Jaime Le Jaime_Le@McAfee.com or Zeno Group Melinda Jenkins Melinda.Jenkins@zenogroup.com #Hashtags #NewMcAfee #TogetherisPower #Cyberthreats Social Media Profiles McAfee on Facebook McAfee on LinkedIn Contacts McAfee Jaime Le Jaime_Le@McAfee.com or Zeno Group Melinda Jenkins Melinda.Jenkins@zenogroup.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Snap Amazon NASA News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team TC Sessions: JusticeFind Out What We'll Be Discussing At TC Sessions: Justice This June Check Out The Agenda Intel Cloudera posts long-awaited IPO filing Here’s how to watch NCAA March Madness in VR BMW’s self-driving car will aim for full Level 5 autonomy by 2021 Browse more... McAfee Incoming McAfee CEO Chris Young on his company’s post-Intel future How the tiny startup Phantom Cyber scored big at RSA Presidential Candidate John McAfee To Talk At Disrupt SF Browse more... john mcafee John McAfee’s first move as a new CEO is to rename the company after himself Presidential Candidate John McAfee To Talk At Disrupt SF John McAfee Just Put Out A Very Strange Official Presidential Campaign Announcement Browse more... Intel Security is McAfee again Posted yesterday by Kate Conger (@kateconger) 0 SHARES Next Story Crunch Report | Tesla Now Valued More Than Ford If you were on the internet in a certain era, you remember McAfee. It was the defensive line between you and the rest of the internet, reminding you with incessant popups that you were not hacked, not quite yet, but only if you renewed your subscription right away. Then Intel bought the firewall company in 2010 for an eye-popping $7.68 billion and billed it as Intel Security, and the name McAfee became more closely associated with the company’s founder, a man who retired to Belize only to be accused of his neighbor’s murder. (Johnny Depp will reportedly play John McAfee in an upcoming film.) But things didn’t work out with Intel (or Belize, for that matter) and so the unit formerly known as Intel Security will be McAfee once again. Today, Intel is officially inking a deal that will spin McAfee out, with the asset management firm TPG taking a 51 percent stake in the company at a $4.2 billion valuation. Intel will retain a 49 percent stake. What “McAfee” means now rests largely in the hands of TPG and McAfee’s newly-minted CEO, Chris Young, who led Intel Security over the past two years. TPG partner Bryan Taylor will serve as the chairman of McAfee’s board, and Young will have a chance to prove himself out from under the umbrella of Intel. The spinout is designed to give McAfee more independence to pursue “pure-play” cybersecurity, untethered from Intel’s chip-making ambitions. Laugh if you will at the McAfee branding (hey, at least it’s not Oath) but the company’s off to a pretty good start — it secures two-thirds of the world’s 2,000 largest companies and grew its revenue 11 percent in the first half of 2016. That is not a bad place from which to launch a company! It seems that Intel and McAfee are going through a very mutual breakup. Both parties wish each other the best (Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said in a statement, “We offer Chris Young and the McAfee team our full support as they establish themselves as one of the largest pure-play cybersecurity companies in the industry”) and setting a cybersecurity company like McAfee free from Intel’s hardware ambitions seems mutually beneficial. “With so many different elements of the threat landscape, a cybersecurity company needs to develop technology from a different place than a semiconductor company,” McAfee chief technology officer Steve Grobman told TechCrunch. “If you think a lot about the technology we would have defended organizations with six years ago — perimeter defenses, signature-based AV [anti-virus] — we had a rate and pace of new threats that was largely manageable, whereas in 2017, the threat landscape is changing very, very quickly.” While Intel and McAfee turned out not to be the ideal match, Grobman pointed out that Intel will still benefit from the monetary successes of McAfee. He also noted that McAfee/Intel Security took a positive turn under Young’s leadership. “The division took a positive course correction over two years ago when Chris came in to run the group,” he explained. Young, he said, brought in a change in strategy: “The change in strategy from a broad product strategy, having a product in every category, was not as good a strategy as a targeted strategy where we focus on the areas where we can be world-class.” McAfee will stay focused on threat detection, but it’s moving beyond the signature-based approaches of its early days and is adopting machine learning technology instead in an effort to detect attacks as they happen, rather than after the fact. Machine learning will also be a part of McAfee’s play in attack reconstruction, aimed at letting defenders know how their networks were breached. The company is also reaching out to other defenders. In November, it open-sourced a messaging interface to allow different security products to communicate with each other — an effort to break down the silos between different enterprise cybersecurity products. “We have two choices: have technology work as islands or have technology work together,” Grobman said. “The ability to have good results with things working together is significantly more effective.” McAfee has pursued a few other partnerships: It’s a founding partner in NoMoreRansom.org, a site that attempts to unite ransomware victims with keys to decrypt their data, and in the Cyber Threat Alliance, an organization that shares threat intelligence data among cybersecurity firms. Now that McAfee has more room to maneuver, is it possible that the company will snatch up some of the cybersecurity startups rumored to be up for acquisition? Grobman tells us that he “can’t name any specifics on companies that are under consideration,” which sorta implies that there are companies under consideration. We’ll have to wait and see. And about that McAfee branding? Grobman said we’re the only people still worrying about what John McAfee is up to. Going back to the original name is “a business decision based on the brand position of McAfee as a trusted security brand,” he said, adding, “It’s important that people recognize John hasn’t had anything to do with the company in over two decades. Although he has interesting aspects of his personal life, people don’t think about the person. They recognize the value that the brand brings.” Featured Image: Bryce Durbin/Bryce Durbin 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase McAfee Founded 1987 Overview McAfee is now part of Intel Security. With its Security Connected strategy, innovative approach to hardware-enhanced security, and unique Global Threat Intelligence, Intel Security is intensely focused on developing proactive, proven security solutions and services that protect systems, networks, and mobile devices for business and personal use around the world. Intel Security combines the experience … Location Santa Clara, CA Categories Network Security, Security, Enterprise Software Website http://www.mcafee.com Full profile for McAfee John McAfee Bio John David McAfee (born September 18, 1945) is a American computer programmer and developer of the first commercial anti-virus program. This bore the McAfee brand-name for years, until it was bought by Intel and given the Intel name. His wealth peaked at $100 million, before his investments suffered in the global crisis of 2007. McAfee also has interests in smartphone apps, yoga and all-natural antibiotics. … Full profile for John McAfee Intel Founded 1968 Overview Intel designs, manufactures, and sells integrated digital technology platforms worldwide. The company operates through PC client, data center, Internet of Things, mobile and communications groups; software and services; and all other segments. Its platforms are used in various computing applications comprising notebooks, desktops, servers, tablets, smartphones, wireless and wired connectivity products, … Location Santa Clara, CA Categories Semiconductor, Product Design, Hardware, Manufacturing Website http://www.intel.com/ Full profile for Intel Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Yahoo and AOL combine to become Oath | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes McAfee john mcafee Intel Popular Posts Featured Stories Yahoo and AOL combine to become Oath | Crunch Report VIDEO | 4:35 | Crunch Report Tesla now worth more than GM, making it the most valuable U.S. automaker 15 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Microsoft launches Sprinkles, a silly camera app powered by machine learning 15 hours ago | Sarah Perez Apple has a new iMac and Pro display in the works, too 16 hours ago | Brian Heater Yelp acquires Wi-Fi marketing company Turnstyle Analytics for $20 million 16 hours ago | Sarah Perez Latest From TechCrunch Are you ready for the internet of toll roads? 2 hours ago | Michael Morton AdAsia, an ambitious one-year-old ad tech startup, raises $12M for expansion 2 hours ago | Jon Russell Crunch Report | Yahoo and AOL combine to become Oath 3 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze New bipartisan bill seeks to stop warrantless device searches at U.S. borders 5 hours ago | Taylor Hatmaker Comment moderation powered by Up Next Crunch Report | Tesla Now Valued More Than Ford Posted yesterday CrunchBoard Job Listings Senior Data Engineer at BCG Digital Ventures (Manhattan Beach, CA, United States) Lead Data Scientist at BCG Digital Ventures (Manhattan Beach, CA, United States) Principal Full Stack Software Developer, Solaria Labs-83046 at Liberty Mutual Insurance (Boston, MA, United States) Office Manager at BizSmart Global (Santa Clara, CA, United States) Digital Strategies / Webmaster Director at Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Carolinas Realty (Raleigh, NC, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip Activations Blog International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Are you ready for the internet of toll roads? 2 hours ago by Michael Morton AdAsia, an ambitious one-year-old ad tech startup, raises $12M for expansion 2 hours ago by Jon Russell Crunch Report | Yahoo and AOL combine to become Oath 3 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze New bipartisan bill seeks to stop warrantless device searches at U.S. borders 5 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Amazon will live stream 10 NFL games this season, replacing Twitter 6 hours ago by Fitz Tepper Researchers use a pair of robotics platforms in hopes of developing drought-resistant crops 7 hours ago by Brian Heater CheckRecipient, a London startup that uses machine learning to stop misaddressed emails, raises $2.7M 7 hours ago by Steve O'Hear Instacart VP of operations Mike Swartz has left the company 8 hours ago by Matthew Lynley After an unexpected reveal, AOL’s CEO explains that Oath is about B2B branding 9 hours ago by Brian Heater Tusk Ventures quietly held a first close on $25 million for its debut fund 9 hours ago by Connie Loizos
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News A Brand New McAfee Commits to Building a Safer Future SANTA CLARA, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–McAfee (the “Company”), the globally trusted security provider, announced today that it has begun operating as a new standalone company. As a standalone business, McAfee is one of the world’s largest pure-play cybersecurity firms. Built on the belief that “Together is Power,” the new McAfee will expand upon its leading security solutions platform to better enable customers to effectively identify and orchestrate responses to cyber-threats. The launch of McAfee marks the closing of the previously announced investment by TPG and Intel Corporation (INTC) to establish a pure-play cybersecurity company with access to significant capital, operational and technology resources. Additionally, McAfee announced that leading private equity investment firm Thoma Bravo has joined, as a minority investor in the Company, through an agreement with TPG. As previously announced, Intel is retaining a 49 percent equity stake in the new entity. With the help of its new investment partners, McAfee will apply greater market focus, build its platform and target new financial, operational and technology investments to better address the cybersecurity market’s significant global growth opportunity. Intel Senior Vice President and General Manager Chris Young will lead the new McAfee as Chief Executive Officer. TPG Partner Bryan Taylor has been named Chairman of the Board. “Cybersecurity is the greatest challenge of the connected age, weighing heavily on the minds of parents, executives and world leaders alike,” said Christopher Young, CEO of McAfee. “As a standalone company with a clear purpose, McAfee gains the agility to unite people, technology and organizations against our common adversaries and ensure our technology-driven future is safe.” “We offer Chris Young and the McAfee team our full support as they establish themselves as one of the largest pure-play cybersecurity companies in the industry,” said Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO. “Security remains important to Intel, and in addition to our equity position and ongoing collaboration with McAfee, Intel will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices.” “Since its founding, McAfee has been dedicated to offering its customers industry-leading cybersecurity solutions,” said Bryan Taylor, Partner at TPG Capital and Chairman of the Board at McAfee. “Its ongoing commitment to product innovation, a rich partner ecosystem, and superior customer service has created a trusted brand that will thrive as a standalone entity. We look forward to working with the company and our partners to accelerate growth and continue building a leading cybersecurity platform that serves to protect customers in today’s changing environment.” “McAfee is a global organization with a 30-year history and a brand known the world over for innovation, trust and collaboration. Given our years of focus on the security software sector, we see great opportunity for McAfee to continue to advance and innovate,” said Seth Boro, a Managing Partner at Thoma Bravo. “Our deep sector knowledge and history of helping build successful businesses will be an asset to the company, and we look forward to working with the management team and our colleagues at TPG and Intel to guide McAfee through its next chapter of growth.” The New McAfee The company also outlined a new strategic vision, focused on innovation, trust, and collaboration. Innovation McAfee represents more than 7,500 of the industry’s most talented cybersecurity professionals, while holding more than 1,200 security technology patents and ongoing industry recognition for its products. McAfee is also home to McAfee Labs, one of the world’s leading sources for cyber-threat intelligence. McAfee’s people, technology and insights enable McAfee solutions to correlate real-world data collected from millions of sensors across key threat vectors and inform the next generations of McAfee product innovation. Trust From the moment the first worm was unleashed on the internet in 1988, to the massive 2016 Mirai distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack, the cybersecurity industry has witnessed exponential growth in the volume and variety of cyber-threats. For the last three decades, McAfee has earned the trust of consumers, businesses and governments by delivering practical solutions to address these threats. Today, McAfee’s award winning products and solutions today protect more than 74.9 million endpoints daily, including 87% of the world’s largest banks and Fortune 100 firms and more than 263 million consumer endpoints. Collaboration McAfee believes in the power of working together—only when people, technology and organizations work together can we become safer. The McAfee Security Innovation Alliance, the industry’s premier technology partnering program, boasts more than 135 partners globally. Over the past year, more than 30 partners have integrated or planned integrations with the McAfee Data Exchange Layer (DXL), the industry-endorsed communication fabric providing real-time interaction between applications. Goldman Sachs, & Co., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, RBC Capital Markets, and UBS Investment Bank served as financial advisors to TPG and Thoma Bravo, and Allen & Company LLC served as financial advisor to Intel. Ropes & Gray served as legal advisors to TPG, Skadden LLP, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom served as legal advisors to Intel, and Kirkland & Ellis served as legal advisors to Thoma Bravo. For more information, please visit the McAfee Press Kit. About McAfee McAfee is one of the world’s leading independent cybersecurity companies. Inspired by the power of working together, McAfee creates business and consumer solutions that make the world a safer place. www.mcafee.com About Intel Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel can be found at newsroom.intel.com and intel.com. About TPG TPG is a leading global alternative asset firm founded in 1992 with more than $74 billion of assets under management and offices in Austin, Beijing, Boston, Dallas, Fort Worth, Hong Kong, Houston, Istanbul, London, Luxembourg, Melbourne, Moscow, Mumbai, New York, San Francisco, São Paulo, and Singapore. TPG’s investment platforms are across a wide range of asset classes, including private equity, growth venture, real estate, credit, and public equity. TPG aims to build dynamic products and options for its investors while also instituting discipline and operational excellence across the investment strategy and performance of its portfolio. For more information, visit http://www.tpg.com/. About Thoma Bravo Thoma Bravo is a leading private equity firm focused on the software and technology-enabled services sectors. With a series of funds representing more than $17 billion in capital commitments, Thoma Bravo partners with a company’s management team to implement operating best practices, invest in growth initiatives and make accretive acquisitions intended to accelerate revenue and earnings, with the goal of increasing the value of the business. Representative past and present portfolio companies include industry leaders such as Blue Coat Systems, Deltek, Digital Insight, Global Healthcare Exchange, Hyland Software, PowerPlan, Riverbed, SolarWinds, SonicWall, Sparta Systems and TravelClick. The firm has offices in San Francisco and Chicago. For more information, visit www.thomabravo.com. McAfee and the McAfee logo are trademarks of McAfee LLC in the United States and other countries. *Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy Market Revenue and Value Chain 2015-2025 Next PostNext EnvisionTEC and 3Shape Offer Turnkey System to 3D Scan and Print In-Ear Devices Search Recent Posts IQF Fruits and Vegetables Market,2015-2025 by Segmentation Based on Product, Application and Region Shock Wave Therapy Devices Sales Market Report 2017-2022 Focuses On Top Companies, Research Methodology, Drivers and Opportunities Progressing Cavity Pumps Sales Market 2022: New Business Opportunities for Manufactures to Upsurge in Coming Years APAC Broadcasting Equipment Market to be Worth US $5,104.8 Million by 2024 Prenatal Vitamins Supplements Sales Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Bud Light, Angel Soft, Geico and More 13 minutes ago Array 0 Ralph Lauren to Close Flagship Fifth Avenue Store in Manhattan, Cut Jobs 1 hour ago Array 0 Anomaly's Carl Johnson Says Freedom Is Key for Agency of the Future By Lindsay Stein - 1 hour ago Array 0 When Tronc and Oath Merge, Should the Combined Company Be Called Troath? By Simon Dumenco - 3 hours ago Array 0 This Comics Artist Turned Apple's Terms and Conditions Into a Graphic Novel By Kate Kaye - 3 hours ago Array 0 When Tronc and Oath Merge, Should the Combined Company Be Called Troath? By Simon Dumenco - 3 hours ago 0 BMW Joins 'O'Reilly Factor' Ad Boycott Over New Allegations By E.J. Schultz - 20 hours ago 0 YouTube Invites in Safety Inspectors, but Powers Are Limited By Garett Sloane - 7 hours ago 0 See Kendall Jenner in Her New Pepsi Ad By E.J. Schultz - 4 hours ago 0 Hey, Brands: Almost Half of Americans Don't Find You Honest By Judann Pollack - 19 hours ago 0 Behind the Rise of Esports and What It Means for Brands By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Inside Esports Star Franchise Optic Gaming By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 YouTube to Offer Third-Party Brand Safety Tools Following Revolt by Marketers By George Slefo - Yesterday 0 Instagram's First Global Stories Campaign Keeps the Heat on Snapchat By Lindsay Stein - Yesterday 0 Crocs Tries Reboot With New Campaign By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US McAfee Rebranding Might Be One of 2017's Boldest Moves By George Slefo. Published on April 04, 2017. Most Popular Here's a question for marketers: When rebranding your company, do you start fresh and pick a new name or do you select an established identity that's also associated with the bizarre and scandalous life of former software tycoon John McAfee? For Allison Cerra, who was just promoted to chief marketing officer from VP-marketing at Intel Security, the company being renamed, the answer is simple: McAfee. The move comes at an interesting time for the cyber security software provider, but time will tell if it was the right one to make. Last September, Showtime released a documentary called "Gringo: The Dangerous Life of John McAfee," about Mr. McAfee's time in Belize, where he was accused of murdering his neighbor after he suspected him of killing his dogs, among many, many other things. Last week, Deadline.com reported that Johnny Depp would portray Mr. McAfee in an upcoming movie based on a 2012 Wired article called "John McAfee Fled to Belize, But He Couldn't Escape Himself." "It is something we definitely considered," Ms. Cerra said about choosing the company's newfound name. "But John McAfee has not been associated with this company for 25 years." John McAfee speaks at Def Con 2014. Credit: NullSession via Wikimedia Commons/Flickr What's known as McAfee as of today was founded 30 years ago as McAfee Associates by the company's founder, Mr. McAfee. Intel acquired the business in 2010 for $7.7 billion and later renamed it Intel Security. Last September, Intel sold a 51% stake of its business to private investment firm TPG. Both companies decided to spin out the antivirus maker as an independent, standalone company. "What we found is that no matter the market, no matter the segment, 'McAfee' is synonymous with cyber security because in our industry, we have a thousand competitors buying for the cyber security wallet," Ms. Cerra said. "When you are consistently well-known across multiple geographies and across multiple segments that is huge brand equity value that you can take to the bank." According to a recent report by International Data Corporation, worldwide revenue for security-related hardware, software and services will grow to $102 billion in 2020 from $74 billion in 2016, an increase of about 38%. The company worked with digital agency Solid Branding when deciding on its new name, logo and tagline. The new logo ditches the familiar shield and updates it with interlocking elements to emphasize its new tagline, "Together Is Power," but keeps the throwback red color from its former name. The company is also launching a new campaign that's slated to run in publications like The Wall Street Journal, USA Today and Forbes, as well as social media platforms like Twitter and LinkedIn. The company performed extensive research with consumers around the world prior to deciding its name, Ms. Cerra said, adding that it was "well-known that John McAfee is not associated with the company." "'McAfee' is an enduring name that is synonymous with cyber security," she said. "To be candid, our identity does not want to be anything other than a stable company or trusted provider in this space," Ms. Cerra added. "We did not aggressively seek the spotlight. That is not our motto as a company. It is with precision that we took care to research this to make sure it would not be an impediment or headwind for us as a company." In this article: Design Digital Politics Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars SECURITY Intel Security finally spins out as independent McAfee Dean Takahashi@deantak April 3, 2017 9:00 PM Tags: Intel, Intel Security, McAfee, top-stories, TPG Above: Intel Security has spun out as McAfee. Image Credit: McAfee Intel has followed through on its pledge to divest itself of its Intel Security division, which it acquired for $7.68 billion in 2010. Now the new company will go by its old name, McAfee, and it is valued at $4.2 billion. Intel will still own 49 percent of the new company, while private equity firm TPG Capital will own the rest, and McAfee will function independently as a cybersecurity company based in Santa Clara, Calif. Intel Security general manager Christopher Young has been named McAfee CEO. As a standalone business, McAfee is one of the world’s largest pure-play cybersecurity firms. Built on the belief that “Together is Power,” the new McAfee will expand upon its leading security solutions platform to better enable customers to effectively identify and orchestrate responses to cyber threats. Steve Grobman, chief technology officer at McAfee, said in an interview with VentureBeat that he believes both Intel and McAfee will be able to focus on their businesses better as separate companies. He said that cybersecurity is changing fast, and the company needs to think about challenges such as ransomware, the weaponization of data, and political leaks of digital information. “The business has changed a lot in the past year, and even more so since Intel acquired McAfee,” Grobman said. “We think we can unlock more value, have greater agility for organic growth, and use new mechanisms to raise capital for mergers and acquisitions. That will give us many opportunities to be a stronger company.” The launch of McAfee marks the closing of the previously announced investment by TPG and Intel to establish an independent cybersecurity company with access to significant capital and operational and technology resources. Above: Chris Young of McAfee says the name means a lot. Image Credit: McAfee “Cybersecurity is the greatest challenge of the connected age, weighing heavily on the minds of parents, executives, and world leaders alike,” said Christopher Young, CEO of McAfee, in a statement. “As an independent company with a clear purpose and new investment, McAfee gains the agility and wherewithal to unite people, technology, and organizations against our common adversaries and ensure our technology-driven future is safe.” McAfee has more than 7,500 employees, and it holds more than 1,200 security technology patents. McAfee is also home to McAfee Labs, one of the world’s leading sources for cyber-threat intelligence. McAfee’s people, technology, and insights enable McAfee solutions to correlate real-world data collected from millions of sensors across key threat vectors to inform the next generations of McAfee product innovation. From the moment the first worm was unleashed on the internet in 1988 to the massive 2016 Mirai distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack, the industry has witnessed exponential growth in the volume and variety of cyber threats. McAfee has operated for more than three decades to address these threats. McAfee’s products and solutions today protect more than 74.9 million endpoints daily, including 87 percent of the world’s largest banks and Fortune 100 firms and more than 263 million consumer endpoints. McAfee said it believes in the power of working together — that only when people, technology, and organizations work together can we all become safer. In fact, The McAfee Security Innovation Alliance, the industry’s premier technology partnering program, boasts more than 135 partners globally. Over the past year, more than 30 partners have integrated or planned integrations with the McAfee Data Exchange Layer (DXL), the industry-endorsed communication fabric that provides real-time interaction between applications. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Security Privacy Encryption Antivirus Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Privacy Encryption Antivirus Home Security News Intel divests McAfee after rough marriage, will now secure hardware Intel will focus on putting security hooks in hardware and components Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Agam Shah U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Apr 3, 2017 9:05 PM PT Credit: Intel More like this Intel's McAfee Acquisition a Mobile Play Intel to Buy Security Vendor McAfee for $7.68 Billion Intel’s Go supercomputer for cars points to a PC-like horsepower race Video Why You Lost Your Windows 10 Product Key Intel's finally washing its hands of McAfee after seven up and down years, which included a lawsuit last year from John McAfee, after whom the company is named. The chip maker has divested its majority holdings in McAfee to investment firm TPG for US$3.1 billion. McAfee will now again become a standalone security company, but Intel will retain a minority 49 percent stake. The chip maker will focus internal operations on hardware-level security. [ Further reading: How the new age of antivirus software will protect your PC ] For Intel, dumping majority ownership in McAfee amounts to a loss. It spent $7.68 billion to acquire McAfee in 2010, which was a head-scratcher at the time. Intel's McAfee acquisition will stand as one of the company's worst acquisitions. The chip maker had the right idea when it acquired McAfee -- to add layers of security to hardware and components. Intel embedded McAfee technology in firmware at the PC and server chip level, and developed security management tools. McAfee technology was also used in hardware using real-time operating systems. However, McAfee had little ties to Intel's core hardware strategy. Intel was running a parallel hardware security strategy that had little to no ties to McAfee, which was renamed Intel Security. The chip maker was developing trusted boot systems and partnering with other companies on server security and secure payments. The McAfee acquisition gave Intel deep insight into the security arena, said Doug Fisher, senior vice president and general manager of the Software and Services Group at Intel. Separating the companies will put McAfee in a better position to grow in the software area, which is its core competency, Fisher said. It also leaves Intel in a better position to grow in hardware-level security at the chip and firmware levels, he added. Intel's focus will be on putting instructions and hooks on its silicon to protect users. It is already providing secure areas in its chips where user authentication data can be stored. For example, it's SGX (Software Guard Extensions) feature can authenticate users so content providers can stream 4K video to authorized PCs. It wants to use similar features to ensure secure payments from PCs. Security is also a big concern in IoT devices, but Intel will rely on partnerships. Intel is a member of Open Connectivity Foundation, and will work with industry partners to develop IoTivity protocols, which aim for secure connectivity between devices with multiple OSes and wireless technologies. Intel also is expanding into self-driving cars, where security is a big consideration. Hacking into the software controls of a self-driving car could be disastrous, and Intel is putting supercomputers in vehicles that will need to be secured. Another area of focus is the ability to securely deliver over-the-air updates to self driving cars, Fisher said. Intel will deliver a reference architecture to harden edge devices and gateways for automobile security. There will also be automobile security standards that could protect self-driving cars from hacks, Fisher said. VR is still in its infancy, and so are the security considerations. In virtual worlds, security could be much like it is in the real world, where certain virtual areas are cordoned off from unauthorized users. Also, Intel wants to cut the cord from VR headsets with secure wireless connections to PCs, Fisher said. The fate of some products like True Key -- which allows users to log into Windows PCs via biometric authentication -- are not yet known. True Key is a competitor to Microsoft's Windows Hello. Intel will also work with Microsoft to promote Windows Hello. To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Security Hardware You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Type to Search Flight Cars Culture Home How To Military Science Reviews Reviews Apps Gadgets Gear Tools Space Technology The Code Subscribe Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Podcasts Newsletter Popular Mechanics STEM Experience Follow Follow facebook twitter google+ pinterest youtube instagram Promotions Win Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter PopMech Follow Us On Pinterest Popular Mechanics Page-1 Cars How To Adventure Tech Flight Follow Subscribe Give A Gift Digital Edition Get Smart Learn to Code on the Cheap With This Complete Guide How Intel Creates Pop-Up 360-Replays for the Final Four 28 cameras and 12 engineers run tech from top of stadium Most Popular Tim Newcomb By Tim Newcomb Apr 3, 2017 GLENDALE, Arizona — For CBS viewers on Saturday during the first game of the NCAA's March Madness time stopped. Twice. The first time came on a jumper from Gonzaga's Nigel Williams-Goss. The second was a three-pointer from North Carolina's Joel Berry II. Both times, the pop-up team from the Intel Sports Group's 360 replay team grabbed the moment and froze it, then allowed millions of viewers across the country to flow through the space, a full 360-degree rotation around the moment. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below While installed in about a dozen sports venues across the country, the set-up for the Final Four, including Monday's National Championship in University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale, Arizona, comes temporary. Consider it a 360-degree pop-up. Tim Newcomb Crews installed 28 cameras around the ring of the stadium's seating bowl, providing 360-degree coverage of the entire court. Each 5K camera's sensor comes identical, but the lenses vary, with some providing full views of the court and others zooming into more specific locations. Most Popular These cameras combine to provide a volumetric view of the court. Instead of pure pixels, think of them with volume—height, length and depth—turning them into voxels. The cameras run during all live action, capturing everything in the defined space, as if creating a bubble of action. The technology then allows viewers inside that bubble, able to explore every x, y and z coordinate. "We have total control within the bubble and have every coordinate covered," says Jeff Hopper, general manager of strategy for Intel Sports Group. "We have unlimited views from anywhere inside." As the game happens, the 12-person engineering team—inside a tent in the highest reaches of the stadium next door to a server room with 52 servers handling the up to 5TB of data created from one game on custom-made racks specifically to house the technology—watches for moments. When they see one, the "pilot" of the system tells the servers to save the data, all connected to the cameras via fiber optics. With that clip, able to run up to 25 seconds at about 30 frames per second, the pilot then selects one of the 700-plus frames to reconstruct and build a clip around. Then the system goes to work. In about 90 seconds, using as many camera angles as needed, it builds a complete bubble of the moment, in essence giving the engineering team a virtual camera. Moving this virtual camera through the moment—in any plane they choose—Intel shows a 360-degree view of the stopped action with stopping, pivoting and moving as needed. The final clip, which includes the action both leading into the moment and directly after, gets sent to CBS and Turner for use in the broadcast, whether as a unique in-game highlight or a telestrator talking point. While Intel prepares anywhere from 15 to 20 of these moments over the course of the game, CBS typically uses around two per game. In the National Semifinals on Saturday, CBS ran with one in each game. Intel "It gives them lots of things they could never do," Hopper says. "You can move around the court in the volumetric sphere." Hopper says that Intel hopes to move the replay tech into its virtual reality abilities in the future, giving a fan complete control of making their own moments. Already, Intel has VR set up at the Final Four, available for streaming on Samsung devices with its March Madness Live app. For virtual reality, Intel has placed seven pods on or around the court—three on the sidelines, two on the rear of each basketball stanchion looking out to the crowd and two on the stanchion facing toward the court—giving users of the app full control over which angle they want. Intel is also producing a complete telecast in virtual reality, including with commentary. Each pod contains two lenses, set 2.5-inches apart to create stereoscopic images true to the human eye, says Dr. Jay Jayaram, Voke VR founder, which is now part of Intel True VR. The lenses allow for the camera to move while keeping the depth perception natural, unlike a fish-eye lens. "It turns and looks around the way your eyes would," Jayaram says. "Then it is stitched together in real-time." Generating 1 GB of data per second per pod, fiberoptics run all the VR camera data to a production truck outside of the stadium. While able to capture data in greater than 8K quality, headsets can't support that level of technology, so Intel offers the finished product in various bit rates for user consumption. With the two Intel Sports teams working through technology to provide both broadcasters and consumers new ways to view sports, Hopper says the future will eventually meld them together. One day, the way we saw a pair of plays during the Final Four will come commonplace. Time will stop whenever we want. And virtually. Follow Tim Newcomb on Twitter at @tdnewcomb. More from Popular Mechanics: More From Outdoors Outdoors Share What You Need to Know to Climb Mt. Kilimanjaro Outdoors Share Why an Entire Lake Just Turned Pink Outdoors Share Malta's Iconic Azure Window Rock Formation Just Collapsed Into the Sea Outdoors Share Iditarod Air Force: The Pilots Who Support Alaska's Frozen Race From Above Outdoors Share A $16,000 Bicycle Is Completely Unreasonable and Totally Awesome GIF Outdoors Share Jetpack Skiing Seems Like a Fun Way to Break Your Legs Outdoors Share Fishing From the Sky GIF Outdoors Share See the Majestic Andes Mountains in One Stunning Bike Trip Outdoors Share 8 Things to Know Before You Hike the Appalachian Trail Outdoors Share The Best Lights for Illuminating Your Campsite Adventure Outdoors Transforming a Football Stadium Into a Final Four Court Producer David X. Cohen on Futurama's Final Final Season Sandia Labs Creates Temps Hotter Than Suns Core Bimmer, or Bomber? Conspicuous BMW Creates a Panic New Laser Burns Hotter Than the Sun And Creates Mini-Stars in the Lab Gene-Editing Creates Malaria-Resistant Mosquitoes More From Outdoors PM_Logo Created with Sketch. Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Media Kit Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Site Map
Laptops Best Laptops Under $500 For Gaming For Business For College Chromebooks CPU Guide GPU Guide Tablets Best Overall Best 2-in-1s Kids' Tablets Under $200 Samsung Tablets Longest Battery Life Buying Guide Windows 10 Win 10 Review How to Upgrade Should You Wait? versus El Capitan Test Results Ultrabooks Best Ultrabooks Best Laptops Overall Best College Laptops Laptop-Tablet Hybrids Buying Guide Deals Deal-Buying Do's and Don'ts Gaming Best Gaming Laptops Sub-$1,000 Gaming Laptops VR-Ready Laptops Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptop Guide Reviews Popular Searches: Laptops Under $1,000 Tablets Under $300 News Tips Follow Us: SEARCH Laptops Tablets Windows 10 Ultrabooks Deals Gaming Reviews News Tips Best Laptops Under $500 For Gaming For Business For College Chromebooks CPU Guide GPU Guide Laptops By Brand Acer Apple ASUS Dell HP Lenovo MSI Samsung Toshiba Laptop Finder Home Reviews Laptops Dell Precision 3520 Review Dell Precision 3520 Review Andrew E. Freedman April 2, 2017 Pros / Strong performance; Very long battery life Cons / Dim screen; Awkward keyboard Verdict / The Dell Precision 3520 offers strong performance and long-lasting battery life, but suffers from a dim screen and a flexy keyboard. Dell Precision 3520 from $999.00 Visit Site from Dell Small Business You can't work at your desk all the time. The Dell Precision 3520 ($999 to start, $2,249 as tested) uses discrete graphics in a workstation that's small enough that you could carry it around if you wanted. The Nvidia Quadro GPU and Intel Core i7 CPU make a potent mix for multitasking and graphics performance, and the optional six-cell battery lasted over 10 hours. However, this Dell's dim screen and flexy keyboard will have you checking out its competitors. Specs Design The Precision doesn't make much of a design statement; it's all business. The lid is made of black plastic, except for Dell's logo in the center, which is silver. Lifting the lid reveals the touch-screen display, chiclet keyboard with number pad and a plastic deck (also black, but with a subtle, glittery finish). The only color in the computer is on the pointing stick in the center of the keyboard, which has a light blue circle surrounding (you guessed it) more black. At 14.6 x 9.9 x 1 inches and 5.2 pounds, the Precision is fairly average in size for a 15-inch workstation. The Lenovo ThinkPad P50 is a heavier 5.8 pounds, measuring 14.9 x 9.9 x 1.2 inches, while the HP ZBook Studio G3 is a slighter 4.6 pounds, measuring 14.8 x 10 x 0.7 inches. Dell's more-expensive Precision 5520, which starts at $1,399, weighs a mere 4.4 pounds and measures only 14.1 x 9.3 x 0.44 inches. There are ports on three sides of the Precision 3520: The left is home to a Thunderbolt 3 port, a USB 3.0 port, an SD card slot and a Smart Card reader, and the right is where you'll find the headphone jack, a SIM card slot, another USB 3.0 port, VGA output and a Noble lock slot. Finally, the back features an Ethernet jack, HDMI output, one more USB 3.0 port and the power button. Dell Precision 3520 from $999.00 Visit Site from Dell Small Business Dell claims that the Precision is MIL-STD-tested to survive shocks, dust, extreme temperatures, vibrations and more. As for security, our model came with a fingerprint reader for Windows Hello as well as the Smart Card reader. Our review unit also supported vPro for remote management and TPM to support biometric data, but not all of the possible configurations have vPro. Display Crank the brightness up as far as it can go, because even though the Precision's 15.6-inch, 1080p touch screen -- the highest-end panel config -- is sharp, it's also quite dim. When I watched the latest trailer for Spider-Man: Homecoming, I could make out every wrinkle in actor Michael Keaton's face. But in a scene in which Spidey faces off with the Vulture in a parking garage, I could only barely make out the action, because the screen was so dark. The colors aren't vivid, either, because the Precision covers just 69 percent of the sRGB color gamut. Spider-Man's red and blue suit looked washed out, as if Peter Parker ran it through the laundry too many times. The average desktop replacement reproduces 118 percent, and the competition is even better; the Precision 5520, ThinkPad P50 and ZBook Studio show off 113 percent, 183 percent and 169 percent, respectively. The Precision 3320 is, however, more accurate than the competition, earning a Delta-E score of 2 (0 is ideal). The category average (1.56) and the Precision 5520's score (1.5) are better, but the ThinkPad P50 and ZBook Studio were even less accurate. The Precision 3320's panel measured a measly 216 nits of brightness, which is way darker than the 291-nit desktop-replacement category average as well as the screens on the Precision 5520, ThinkPad P50 and ZBook Studio. Keyboard, Touchpad and Pointing Stick The keyboard on the Precision 3520 isn't pleasant to type on. The keyboard flexed when I worked on it, and while the keys have a wonderful 1.9mm of travel, the 55 grams of force required to press them down doesn't feel like enough (60 grams is typical). I reached 105 words per minutes on the 10fastfingers.com typing test (lower than my usual 107 wpm), with a 3 percent error rate (higher than customary 2 percent). The flex on the keyboard made using the pointing stick, situated amid the G, H and B keys, feel strange. The stick sank into the chassis when I pressed on it to move the mouse around the screen. The nub is too low among the keys, too, and I wish it protruded more like the TrackPoint on a Lenovo ThinkPad. The 4 x 2-inch touchpad was smooth and responsive to gestures in Windows 10, but the mouse buttons underneath it were too small for my liking. Audio The speakers on the Precision 3520 are powerful and loud. When I listened to Ed Sheeran's "Shape of You," the marimba filled the room, as did the vocals, though the latter sounded hollow. With the preinstalled Waves MaxxAudio Pro app, pumping up the bass dial did little, although the details dial brought out more of the percussion. Performance With its 2.9-GHz Intel Core i7-7820HQ CPU, 16GB of RAM, 512GB M.2 PCIe SSD and Nvidia Quadro M620 GPU with 2GB of VRAM, the Precision is excellent for multitaskers. I had 40 tabs open in Google Chrome, two of which were streaming 1080p videos from YouTube, with no lag (though the vents did start spitting out hot air). The Precision notched a score of 14,985 on the Geekbench 3 overall performance test. That falls below the Xeon E3-1505M v6-powered Precision 5520's score (15,437) and the desktop-replacement average (17,019), but that average includes much more powerful, overclocked gaming laptops. The Precision did beat the ZBook Studio (Intel Xeon E3-1505M, 14,276) and the ThinkPad P50 (Intel Xeon E3-1505M, 13,378), though. Thanks to its M.2 PCIe SSD, the Precision copied 4.97GB of files in just 9 seconds, a rate of 565MBps. That speed is faster than the average (522.8MBps) as well as the showings by the Precision 5520, ZBook Studio and ThinkPad P50. Dell Precision 3520 from $999.00 Visit Site from Dell Small Business The Precision paired 20,000 names and addresses in our OpenOffice spreadsheet macro in 3 minutes and 23 seconds, tying both the ThinkPad P50 and the ZBook Studio, and beating the 3:29 average. However, the Precision 5520 (3:08) did a bit better. Though it's built for business, the Precision 3320's Quadro M620 GPU is powerful enough for gaming. It played Grand Theft Auto V at 46.7 frames per second on very high settings. The desktop-replacement average, which includes scores from actual gaming PCs, is 78 fps. The Quadro will more likely be useful in rendering programs and image-manipulation apps like Photoshop. Its 3DMark Fire Strike score was 3,091, which is lower than showings by the ThinkPad P50 and ZBook Studio, as well as the average (9,541, again, with uberpowerful gaming GPUs). The Precision 5520 and its Nvidia Quadro M1200 GPU scored 3,987. MORE: Best Dell and Alienware Laptops Battery Life The Precision 3520 will let you work all day and then into overtime. With its six-cell battery, Dell's workstation lasted a whopping 10 hours and 16 minutes on the Laptop Mag Battery test, which is more than double the 4:51 desktop-replacement average. MORE: Laptops with the Longest Battery Life The Precision 5520 fared even better, lasting for 11 hours and 57 minutes, while the ThinkPad P50 endured for 8:25 and the ZBook Studio G3 tapped out after 5:08. Webcam The 720p webcam on the Precision 3520 takes clear, color-accurate photos. When I snapped a picture of myself in our labs, my olive-green sweater looked great, and my hair was detailed but not so sharp that you could see each strand. Heat The Precision got a bit toasty during everyday use. After streaming 15 minutes of HD video from YouTube, the laptop measured 100 degrees Fahrenheit on its underside, 96.5 degrees on the G and H keys, and 84 degrees on the touchpad. We consider temperatures above 95 degrees uncomfortable. Software and Warranty The Precision comes with a few useful utilities and a small amount of bloatware, most of which is standard for Windows 10 PCs. Dell's software includes SupportAssist, which makes it easy to troubleshoot and, if necessary, contact tech support. You also get Command Power Manager to check your battery life and schedule when your laptop uses its battery or its charger. The Windows bloat consists of Twitter, Facebook, Candy Crush Soda Saga, Royal Revolt 2, Houzz and Minecraft: Windows 10 Edition. Dell sells the Precision 3520 with a three-year warranty. See how the company performed on our Tech Support Showdown and Best and Worst Brands rankings. Configurations The Precision 3520 I reviewed cost $2,249 and came armed with a 2.9-GHz Intel Core i7-7820HQ CPU, 16GB of RAM, a 512GB M.2 PCIe SSD, a six-cell battery and an Nvidia Quadro M620 GPU with 2GB of VRAM. The base model is $999 and comes with an Intel Core i5-7440HQ CPU, 4GB of RAM, a 500GB, 7,200-rpm HDD, a four-cell battery, no fingerprint reader and no discrete graphics. Dell Precision 3520 from $999.00 Visit Site from Dell Small Business On Dell.com, you can configure the Precision 3520 to order, with processor options ranging from a Core i5 to an Intel Core Xeon E3 1505M CPU, up to 32GB of RAM, SSDs up to 1TB and HDDs up to 2TB. When I maxxed out a model on Dell's website, it cost $2,838 before extras like a second hard drive and extended warranty. Bottom Line The Dell Precision 3520 offers strong performance, a discrete GPU that will pack a punch in rendering tasks, and long battery life (with the extended battery). However, the laptop's screen is dim and dull and the keyboard is awkward to type on. If you can spend a few hundred dollars more, Dell's Precision 5520 offers a far superior keyboard and screen, along with even better endurance. Lenovo ThinkPad P50 (starting at $1,385.10) is also a better, but more expensive choice, as it offers a best-in-class keyboard and pointing stick. Overall, the Precision 3520 is a serviceable machine that will handle the job you throw at it, but competitors offer better usability. Photo credit: Jeremy Lips/Laptopmag More on Laptops Best Chromebooks Available Now Best Samsung Laptops Our Favorite Tablets for Work and Play Pros / Strong performance; Very long battery life Cons / Dim screen; Awkward keyboard Verdict / The Dell Precision 3520 offers strong performance and long-lasting battery life, but suffers from a dim screen and a flexy keyboard. Dell Precision 3520 from $999.00 Visit Site from Dell Small Business CPU 2.9-GHz Intel Core i7-7820HQ CPU Operating System Windows 10 Pro RAM 16GB RAM Upgradable to 32GB Hard Drive Size 512GB SSD Hard Drive Type M.2 PCIe SSD Display Size 15.6 Highest Available Resolution 1920 x 1080 Native Resolution 1920x1080 Graphics Card Nvidia Quadro M620 2GB / Intel HD Graphics 630 Video Memory 2GB Wi-Fi 802.11ac Wi-Fi Model Intel WiFi Link 8265 2x2 802.11 ac+BT 4.0 (vPro) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Touchpad Size 4 x 2 inches Ports (excluding USB) SD card slot Ports (excluding USB) Noble Lock Ports (excluding USB) HDMI Ports (excluding USB) VGA Ports (excluding USB) Ethernet Ports (excluding USB) USB 3.0 Ports (excluding USB) Thunderbolt 3 Ports (excluding USB) SIM card USB Ports 3 Card Slots SD memory reader Warranty/Support 3 years Size 14.6 x 9.9 x 0.97 inches Weight 5.2 pounds Company Website dell.com COMPANY Company Info About the Site Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Copyright Policy Terms of Use and Sale Privacy Policy NETWORK Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy Anand Tech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved. Home About us SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Computing Intel claims three-year advantage on 10nm, wants to redefine process nodes Intel claims three-year advantage on 10nm, wants to redefine process nodes By Joel Hruska on March 31, 2017 at 9:27 am Comment Intel had a tech day this week to discuss the future of its own 14nm and 10nm chips, and it laid out some impressive claims in the process. It also laid out what it believes is a better metric for calculating process nodes in the future, though we suspect TSMC, Samsung, and GloFo may all disagree. Intel’s presentation focused mainly on two related topics: The strength and characteristics of its 10nm node, and its proposal for a new (or rather, a return to an old) method of calculating process node scaling. Intel drives “hyperscaling” at the 10nm node Intel is claiming that its 10nm node will deliver a 2.7x improvement in transistor density compared with its 14nm products. That’s a significant jump over its 14nm products, and it’s not just the result of the improvements to various semiconductor manufacturing metrics. Intel has improved its 10nm scaling compared with 14nm through the use of two specific new technologies — single dummy gate, and contact-over-active-gate. Typically, logic cells use a pair of what are called “dummy gates” to isolate each cell from its neighbors. Intel has found a method of using just one dummy gate instead of using a pair of them, and has managed to recover significant space savings as a result. Each gate has multiple contacts that connect to the metal layers within a CPU. Typically, these contacts are offset from the gate. At 10nm, Intel is moving the contact to directly under the gate, which frees up additional transistor space. All of these advantages combined is why Intel is claiming such significant improvements compared with 14nm. The slides below includes visualizations of these improvements and how they collectively improve Intel’s 10nm process node. All slides can be clicked on to expand them in a new window. The general thrust of Intel’s argument is that these new technologies will give it a significant lead over its rivals and competitors in the foundry space. Intel vs. everyone at the 10nm node One major point of Intel’s presentation is actually something we’ve discussed before: When TSMC, Samsung, GlobalFoundries and Intel talk about 14nm, the process nodes they discuss are not identical. Each foundry has implemented different feature sizes and each of their nodes (16nm/12nm for TSMC, 14nm for Samsung and GF) has its own distinct characteristics. To some extent, the modern definition of a node has become “The bucket of technologies we periodically dump in to improve some aspects of transistor density, power consumption, and performance enough to justify moving to a new number.” The problem, at least for Intel, is that when a company like Samsung announces 10nm production, that’s actually roughly equivalent to Intel’s 14nm, which debuted in 2014. To get around this issue, Intel has described a method for calculating process node size that would weight certain factors differently than they are weighted today. Intel’s Process Architecture and Integration Director, Mark Bohr, described the formula in an editorial published by Intel: One simple metric is gate pitch (gate width plus spacing between transistor gates) multiplied by minimum metal pitch (interconnect line width plus spacing between lines), but this doesn’t incorporate logic cell design, which affects the true transistor density. Another metric, gate pitch multiplied by logic cell height, is a step in the right direction with regard to this deficiency. But neither of these takes into account some second order design rules… At the other extreme, simply taking the total transistor count of a chip and dividing by its area is not meaningful because of the large number of design decisions that can affect it – factors such as cache sizes and performance targets can cause great variations in this value. It’s time to resurrect a metric that was used in the past but fell out of favor several nodes ago. It is based on the transistor density of standard logic cells and includes weighting factors that account for typical designs. While there is a large variety of standard cells in any library, we can take one ubiquitous, very simple one – a 2-input NAND cell (4 transistors) – and one that is more complex but also very common: a scan flip flop (SFF). This leads to a previously accepted formula for transistor density: (The weightings 0.6 and 0.4 reflect the ratio of very small and very large cells in typical designs.) Every chip maker, when referring to a process node, should disclose its logic transistor density in units of MTr/mm2 (millions of transistors per square millimeter) as measured by this simple formula. Reverse engineering firms can readily verify the data. Measuring process node metrics in this fashion would give Intel an obvious advantage over all of its rivals. As such, it’s hard to imagine they’ll ever endorse it. Whether its TSMC with a new “12nm” node or potential future gaps between the various pure-play foundries at 7nm, nobody but Intel will substantially benefit from measuring process nodes differently, even if Intel’s method is more accurate. The slides below steps through some of Intel’s transistor density comparisons against its competitors’ nodes, as well as how it compares against them on specific metrics and how large it expects the gaps to be at 10nm. We can’t speak to the accuracy of Intel’s projections for its competitors at 10nm, but the company’s general projection matches what we’ve seen at the 14nm node. With Intel taking on more foundry customers (or trying to), it doubtlessly sees this as a potential barrier to those efforts. What’s the point of calling a node “10nm” (from Intel’s perspective) if that artificially inflates the value of what your competitors’ are selling and diminishes your own value? The other interesting question is how much these advantages will practically matter going forward. When Intel intended to break into the tablet and smartphone markets to compete directly against ARM, it had an obvious rationale for comparing its own performance against Samsung, GlobalFoundries, and TSMC. Today, Intel and the pure-play foundries once again move in different circles — but that could change in the future if Intel can land some significant foundry deals. The other reason foundry die shrinks aren’t as interesting as they used to be is for the simple reason that they don’t deliver much in the way of improved performance any more, at least not outside specific market segments. Six years ago, the Core i5-2537M was a Sandy Bridge-era core clocked at 1.4GHz base / 2.3GHz Turbo with a TDP of 17W. Today, Intel’s Core i5-7300U is a 15W chip with a 2.6GHz base clock and a 3.5GHz Turbo. It’s TDP is 15W. Intel, in other words, improved the base clock by 1.86x and the boost clock by 1.52x all while trimming the TDP. But in the desktop space, performance gains have been rarer, overclocking headroom has shrunk, and frequency gains have been doled out very sparingly. Intel has absolutely made progress over this time, but not at anything like a quick pace. Again, that’s not the company’s fault — it’s related, as we’ve said before, more to the difficulties with scaling silicon than anything — but with AMD surging back into the CPU fight, Intel may find itself under increased pressure to demonstrate that its 10nm hardware can do more than look impressively futuristic in a variety of graphs.  Intel’s full presentations are available for download, if you’d care to flip through them yourself. Tagged In intel samsung semiconductors TSMC 14nm GlobalFoundries transistors 20nm 10nm 22nm 7nm process node Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Maker of smart garage door opener bricks customer’s device in retaliation for negative review Apr 4 Web inventor Tim Berners-Lee wins Turing Award, comes out against erosion of online privacy Apr 4 Apple finally upgrades the Mac Pro, admits the trash can design sucks Apr 4 Best gifts for scientists, academics, and hardcore science geeks Apr 4 The Nintendo Switch is apparently warping while safely in its dock Apr 4 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Computing Intel CEO admits to industry-wide conspiracy to slow CPU advances, kill frequency boosts Intel CEO admits to industry-wide conspiracy to slow CPU advances, kill frequency boosts By Joel Hruska on April 1, 2017 at 7:30 am Comment Intel CEO Brian Krzanich met with top investors and stockholders this week, on the same day that Intel held its Technology and Manufacturing Day (which we reported on here). ExtremeTech has received a tape-recording of that meeting and the contents will shock you: According to Krzanich, there’s an industry-wide conspiracy to slow CPU clock speeds and architectural advances to a crawl, while IBM, Intel, Qualcomm, ARM, Samsung, and a dozen other companies all rake in enormous profits. “We actually got the idea from Craig Barrett,” said Krzanich, referring to Intel’s CEO from 1998 – 2005. “Back in the late 1990s, the Pentium 4 was controversial because it dramatically increased clock speeds without delivering a corresponding performance improvement. The technical press labeled it a ‘marchitecture,’ and complained that customers weren’t actually getting the performance they thought they were entitled to.” “What we later realized,” Krzanich continued, “Was that we didn’t actually have to sell people any performance improvements at all. We could just tell them the chips were faster, make up some benchmark numbers, and kick the product out the door.” Krzanich then gave a rough timeline of events, including secret pacts between Intel and IBM, mutual agreements between itself and ARM that killed the early “smartbook” concept but led to Intel’s withdrawal from the mobile market, and AMD’s disastrous attempt to buck this shadowed conspiracy arrangement and go it alone. He chuckled, recounting how Intel funneled hundreds of millions of dollars in secret payments to GlobalFoundries and the Mubadala Development Company, ensuring that AMD’s fab partner was actually responsible for sabotaging the entire Bulldozer product family. That move, by the way, was payback for AMD’s counter-espionage that savaged Itanium and the IA-64 instruction set by paying Microsoft billions to promote the false notion that AMD64 was a superior architecture. Everything you thought you knew is wrong. Power curves like this don’t exist. “It took us several years,” Krzanich concluded, his voice hoarse and sounding vaguely like Emperor Palpatine, “But we finally got the mobile companies on board as well. Have you noticed how advances in mobile chips have slowed? It’s not power consumption issues. It’s certainly not a problem with our materials technology — silicon could easily hit 10GHz, like Craig Barrett predicted nearly 20 years ago. We just realized we didn’t need to bother doing it. The sheeple never knew what hit them.” A bombshell discovery For years, ExtremeTech and dozens of other publications and websites have written about the decline of silicon scaling. We’ve discussed future transistor designs, the myths of Moore’s law, the evolution of that law over time, process node technology, the failure of 450mm wafer development, and a dozen other topics. Now, that research stands in ruins; the work of hundreds of journalists, lithographers, and engineers, disproved by a single CEO’s secret taped remarks. But Krzanich’s remarks just lead to further questions. How has this super-alliance of evil been flawlessly maintained for decades? How could thousands of people working for dozens of companies possibly have been convinced or coerced into keeping this mammoth conspiracy a secret? Is it the Illuminati? The Bilderberg Group? Is Cthulhu stirring in the dead city of R’lyeh? We don’t know. But we’re going to find out. Tagged In microsoft intel amd ARM qualcomm silicon GlobalFoundries transistors moore's law bulldozer Piledriver Ryzen scaling itanium 450mm Krzanich AMD64 ia64 evil Illuminati Bilderberg Group conspiracy Cthulhu R'lyeh Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Maker of smart garage door opener bricks customer’s device in retaliation for negative review Apr 4 Web inventor Tim Berners-Lee wins Turing Award, comes out against erosion of online privacy Apr 4 Apple finally upgrades the Mac Pro, admits the trash can design sucks Apr 4 Best gifts for scientists, academics, and hardcore science geeks Apr 4 The Nintendo Switch is apparently warping while safely in its dock Apr 4 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Computing AMD announces low-power processor for tablet, smartphone markets AMD announces low-power processor for tablet, smartphone markets By Joel Hruska on April 1, 2017 at 9:00 am Comment When AMD announced Ryzen, it made it clear that the chip would hit the desktop market first, followed by server and mobile APUs. Server parts are expected in Q2, with mobile APUs following in the back half of the year. Analysts and reviewers have broadly praised the architecture, but some fans have asked why AMD hasn’t moved into the tablet and smartphone space? After all, these markets were ripe for an x86 alternative once Intel abandoned them, and AMD isn’t burdened by the high fab costs that made Intel products unprofitable. In fact, given that AMD has contracts with both TSMC and GlobalFoundries, there’s no reason to think it would be handicapped by the high manufacturing costs that crippled Intel’s attempts to build an Atom business that could compete with Android. Fans, the wait is finally over. Secret documents emailed to ExtremeTech show that AMD is planning a new mobile product. Codenamed “Little Foot,” the new architecture is a marvel of low-power, high-efficiency performance. We’ve even got an image of the CPU’s design to share with you. “The K6 is a remarkably efficient CPU,” said Greg Favor, the chief processor architect. “We’ve designed a chip that can readily compete with equivalent Intel or ARM processors at a much lower price, without compromising on the performance and power efficiency that users demand from today’s mobile devices.” Like most modern microprocessors, the K6 has a RISC-like front-end (AMD is calling it RISC86) and decodes native x86 instructions into micro-ops. The CPU’s 64KB of L1 (32KB instructions, 32KB data) ensure a high hit rate and keep branch prediction stalls to a minimum. The chip’s short pipeline (six stages), six integer execution units, and four instruction decoders are quite formidable when compared with what other manufacturers offer, and they allow the K6 to punch above its weight class in integer operations. “We settled on the name K6 because we wanted to capture AMD’s dedication to low-power efficiency,” said AMD CEO Lisa Su. “Our last K-branded design was the K12, and, well, K6 is half of that. We fired all our marketing people in 2012. Stop asking these questions.” AMD was cagey about what kind of GPU it might pair with its new architecture, saying the design was in early stages. “We’ve commissioned a new GPU, codenamed Rage,” RTG head Raja Koduri told us. “We expect to deliver superior performance in all 32-bit graphics modes, but God help you if you try using 16-bit color or OpenGL.” AMD expects its new K6 APUs to be in market by mid-2018 on 14nm technology. The company continues to play games with the press concerning which foundry it uses for which products, but our bet is on Samsung or GlobalFoundries. GF’s implementation of Samsung’s 14nm has been excellent for Ryzen, and this nascent APU will need all the power savings and clock speed it can get. The other uncertainty is OS support. AMD has signaled that Microsoft OSes, up to and including Windows 10 Mobile, will run on the K6 platform, but Android compatibility may be tricky. Some of you may recall that Intel was nearly a year late in shipping Bay Trail platforms with Android, and our sources tell us this was largely due to graphics driver issues. AMD will have to navigate a similar situation if it chooses to support Google’s operating system, and it’s not clear if they’ll bother at this point in time. Tagged In amd Windows 10 Mobile ATI Lisa Su rage K6-2 K6 Greg Favor K6-III Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Maker of smart garage door opener bricks customer’s device in retaliation for negative review Apr 4 Web inventor Tim Berners-Lee wins Turing Award, comes out against erosion of online privacy Apr 4 Apple finally upgrades the Mac Pro, admits the trash can design sucks Apr 4 Best gifts for scientists, academics, and hardcore science geeks Apr 4 The Nintendo Switch is apparently warping while safely in its dock Apr 4 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times World Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Comment Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World April 4 2017 Save Print Blackwater founder held secret Seychelles meeting to establish Trump-Putin back channel Adam Entous, Greg Miller, Kevin Sieff and Karen DeYoung 12 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Washington: The United Arab Emirates arranged a secret meeting in January between Blackwater founder Erik Prince and a Russian close to President Vladimir Putin as part of an apparent effort to establish a back-channel line of communication between Moscow and President-elect Donald Trump, according to US, European and Arab officials. The meeting took place around January 11 - nine days before Trump's inauguration - in the Seychelles islands in the Indian Ocean, officials said. Though the full agenda remains unclear, the UAE agreed to broker the meeting in part to explore whether Russia could be persuaded to curtail its relationship with Iran, including in Syria, a Trump administration objective that would likely require major concessions to Moscow on US sanctions. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Britain to protect Gibraltar 'all the way' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:37 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 00:58 Intel Committee begins Russia ... Intel Committee begins Russia interference hearing Senator Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, says he won't prejudge the probe into the possible links between the Trump campaign and Russia, saying "We are seeking to determine if there's an actual fire where there's clearly a lot of smoke." Up Next Britain to protect Gibraltar 'all the way' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:37 Video duration 01:37 Britain to protect Gibraltar 'all the way' Britain to protect Gibraltar 'all the way' British Defence Secretary Michael Fallon vows to protect Gibraltar after the European Union offered Spain a right of veto over Gibraltar's future relations with the bloc. Vision courtesy: BBC's Andrew Marr show, Sky News - Sophy Ridge on Sunday Up Next Martial arts master catches man after 8-metre fall Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:57 Video duration 00:57 Martial arts master catches man after ... Martial arts master catches man after 8-metre fall A martial arts coach has saved a construction worker who fell 8 metres after a scaffold collapsed in Suzhou City, in Eastern China. Up Next Horrifying gas attack in Syria Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:43 Video duration 01:43 Horrifying gas attack in Syria Horrifying gas attack in Syria GRAPHIC IMAGES WARNING: A suspected gas attack, believed to be by Syrian government jets, killed dozens of people and left hundreds wounded in the northwestern province of Idlib. Up Next North Korea tests medium-range missile Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:13 Video duration 01:13 North Korea tests medium-range missile North Korea tests medium-range missile The U.S. and South Korea say Pyongyang has launched what appears to be a medium-range missile, ahead of talks between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping. Up Next Spacecraft's final mission before planet fall Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:55 Video duration 00:55 Spacecraft's final mission before planet ... Spacecraft's final mission before planet fall NASA is preparing to send its long-lived Cassini probe into the unexplored region between Saturn and its rings for a scientific grand finale before the spacecraft's suicidal plunge into the planet, space officials said on Tuesday. Up Next 'Pink Star' diamond sale breaks records Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:27 Video duration 00:27 'Pink Star' diamond sale breaks records 'Pink Star' diamond sale breaks records A stunning 59.6 carat diamond known as the 'Pink Star' has sold for $94.3 million at a Sotheby's auction in Hong Kong, setting a new world record for any diamond or jewel. Up Next Badger buries cow. Can ya dig it? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:41 Video duration 00:41 Badger buries cow. Can ya dig it? Badger buries cow. Can ya dig it? A small American badger has buried a 22-kilogram calf carcass and it was all caught on camera by scientists at the University of Utah. More videos Intel Committee begins Russia interference hearing Senator Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, says he won't prejudge the probe into the possible links between the Trump campaign and Russia, saying "We are seeking to determine if there's an actual fire where there's clearly a lot of smoke." Though Prince had no formal role with the Trump campaign or transition team, he presented himself as an unofficial envoy for Trump to high-ranking Emiratis involved in setting up his meeting with the Putin confidant, according to the officials, who did not identify the Russian. Prince was an avid supporter of Trump who gave $US250,000 last year to support the GOP nominee's campaign, records show. He has ties to people in Trump's circle, including Stephen Bannon, now serving as the president's chief strategist and senior counsellor. Prince's sister Betsy DeVos serves as education secretary in the Trump administration. And Prince was seen in the Trump transition offices in New York in December. Related Content Donald Trump's problems with Russia Top Democrat says White House is trying to distract from Russia probe US officials said the FBI has been scrutinising the Seychelles meeting as part of a broader probe of Russian interference in the 2016 US election and alleged contacts between associates of Putin and Trump. The FBI declined to comment. The Seychelles encounter, which one official said spanned two days, adds to an expanding web of connections between Russia and Americans with ties to Trump - contacts that the White House has been reluctant to acknowledge or explain until they have been exposed by news organisations. Advertisement "We are not aware of any meetings and Erik Prince had no role in the transition," said Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary. "Erik had no role on the transition team. This is a complete fabrication," said a spokesman for Prince in a statement. "The meeting had nothing to do with President Trump. Why is the so-called under-resourced intelligence community messing around with surveillance of American citizens when they should be hunting terrorists?" SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Blackwater CEO and founder Erik Prince. Photo: AP Prince is best known as the founder of Blackwater, a security firm that became a symbol of US abuses in Iraq after a series of incidents including one in 2007 in which the company's guards were accused - and later criminally convicted - of killing civilians in a crowded Iraqi square. Prince sold the firm, which was subsequently rebranded, but has continued building a private paramilitary empire with contracts across the Middle East and Asia. Prince would probably have been seen as too controversial to serve in any official capacity in the Trump transition or administration. But his ties to Trump advisers, experience with clandestine work and relationship with the royal leaders of the Emirates - where he moved in 2010 amid mounting legal problems for his American business - would have positioned him as an ideal go-between. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link US President Donald Trump.  Photo: Bloomberg The Seychelles meeting came after private discussions in New York involving high-ranking representatives of Trump, Moscow and the Emirates. The White House has acknowledged that Michael Flynn, Trump's original national security adviser, and Trump adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner met with the Russian ambassador to the United States, Sergey Kislyak, in late November or early December in New York. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed-Al Nahyan, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi. Photo: Supplied Flynn and Kushner were joined by Bannon for a separate meeting with the crown prince of Abu Dhabi, Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed al-Nahyan, who made an undisclosed visit to New York later in December, according to the US, European and Arab officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss sensitive matters. In an unusual breach of protocol, the UAE did not notify the Obama administration in advance of the visit, though officials found out because Zayed's name appeared on a flight manifest. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Erik Prince has ties to Steve Bannon, Trump's chief strategist. Photo: AP Officials said Zayed and his brother, the UAE's national security adviser, coordinated the Seychelles meeting with Russian government officials with the goal of establishing an unofficial back channel between Trump and Putin. Officials said Zayed wanted to be helpful to both leaders who had talked about working more closely together, a policy objective long advocated by the crown prince. The UAE, which sees Iran as one of its main enemies, also shared the Trump team's interest in finding ways to drive a wedge between Moscow and Tehran. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Sergey Kislyak, Russia's ambassador to the US. Photo: AP Zayed met twice with Putin in 2016, according to Western officials, and urged the Russian leader to work more closely with the Emirates and Saudi Arabia - an effort to isolate Iran. At the time of the Seychelles meeting and for weeks afterward, the UAE believed that Prince had the blessing of the new administration to act as its unofficial representative. The Russian participant was a person whom Zayed knew was close to Putin from his interactions with both men, the officials said. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link White House press secretary Sean Spicer said he was not aware of any meetings.  Photo: AP When the Seychelles meeting took place, official contacts between members of the incoming Trump administration and the Russian government were under intense scrutiny, both from federal investigators and the press. Less than a week before the Seychelles meeting, US intelligence agencies released a report accusing Russia of intervening clandestinely during the 2016 election to help Trump win the White House. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Russian President Vladimir Putin. Photo: AP The FBI was already investigating communications between Flynn and Kislyak. The Washington Post's David Ignatius first disclosed those communications on January 12, around the time of the Seychelles meeting. Flynn was subsequently fired by Trump for misleading Vice President Pence and others about his discussions with Kislyak . Yousef Al Otaiba, the UAE's ambassador in Washington, declined to comment. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link White House senior adviser Jared Kushner. Photo: AP Government officials in the Seychelles said they were not aware of any meetings between Trump and Putin associates in the country around January 11. But they said luxury resorts on the island are ideal for clandestine gatherings like the one described by the US, European and Arab officials. "I wouldn't be surprised at all," said Barry Faure, the Seychelles secretary of state for foreign affairs. "The Seychelles is the kind of place where you can have a good time away from the eyes of the media. That's even printed in our tourism marketing. But I guess this time you smelled something." Trump has dismissed the investigations of Russia's role in the election as "fake news" and a "witch hunt." The level of discretion surrounding the Seychelles meeting seems extraordinary given the frequency with which senior Trump advisers, including Flynn and Kushner, had interacted with Russian officials in the United States, including at the high-profile Trump Tower in New York. Steven Simon, a National Security Council senior director for the Middle East and North Africa in the Obama White House, said: "The idea of using business cutouts, or individuals perceived to be close political leaders, as a tool of diplomacy is as old as the hills. These unofficial channels are desirable precisely because they are deniable; ideas can be tested without the risk of failure." Current and former US officials said that while Prince refrained from playing a direct role in the Trump transition, his name surfaced so frequently in internal discussions that he seemed to function as an outside adviser whose opinions were valued on a range of issues, including plans for overhauling the US intelligence community. He appears to have particularly close ties to Bannon, appearing multiple times as a guest on Bannon's satellite radio program over the past year as well as in articles on the Breitbart web site that Bannon ran before joining the Trump campaign. In a July interview with Bannon, Prince said those seeking forceful US leadership should "wait till January and hope Mr. Trump is elected." And he lashed out at President Barack Obama, saying that because of his policies "the terrorists, the fascists, are winning." Days before the November election, Prince appeared on Bannon's program again, saying that he had "well-placed sources" in the New York City Police Department telling him they were preparing to make arrests in the investigation of former congressman Anthony Weiner over allegations he exchanged sexually explicit texts with a minor. Flynn tweeted a link to the Breitbart report on the claim. No arrests occurred. Prince went on to make a series of unfounded assertions that damaging material recovered from Weiner's computers would implicate Hillary Clinton and her close adviser, Huma Abedin, who was married to Weiner. He also called Abedin an "agent of influence very sympathetic to the Muslim Brotherhood." Prince and his family were major GOP donors in 2016. After the Republican convention, he contributed $US250,000 to Trump's campaign, the national party and a pro-Trump super PAC led by GOP mega-donor Rebekah Mercer. The Centre for Responsive Politics reported that the family gave more than $US10 million to GOP candidates and super PACs, including about $US2.7 million from his sister, DeVos, and her husband. Prince's father, Edgar Prince, built his fortune through an auto-parts company. Betsy married Richard DeVos Jr., heir to the Amway fortune. Erik Prince has had lucrative contracts with the UAE government, which at one point paid his firm a reported $US529 million to help bring in foreign fighters to help assemble an internal paramilitary force capable of carrying out secret operations and protecting Emirati installations from terrorist attacks. The Trump administration and the UAE appear to share a similar preoccupation with Iran. Current and former officials said that Trump advisers were focused throughout the transition period on exploring ways to get Moscow to break ranks with Tehran. "Separating Russia from Iran was a common theme," said a former intelligence official in the Obama administration who met with Trump transition officials. "It didn't seem very well thought out. It seemed a little premature. They clearly had a very specific policy position, which I found odd given that they hadn't even taken the reins and explored with experts in the US government the pros and cons of that approach." Michael McFaul, former US ambassador to Russia, said he also had discussions with people close to the Trump administration about the prospects of drawing Russia away from Iran. "When I would hear this, I would think, 'Yeah that's great for you guys, but why would Putin ever do that?' " McFaul said. "There is no interest in Russia ever doing that. They have a long relationship with Iran. They're allied with Iran in fighting in Syria. They sell weapons to Iran. Iran is an important strategic partner for Russia in the Middle East." Following the New York meeting between the Emiratis and Trump aides, Zayed was approached by Prince, who said he was authorised to act as an unofficial surrogate for the president-elect, according to the officials. He wanted Zayed to set up a meeting with a Putin associate. Zayed agreed and proposed the Seychelles as the meeting place because of the privacy it would afford both sides. "He wanted to be helpful," one official said of Zayed. Wealthy Russians and Emirati royalty have a particularly large footprint on the islands. Signs advertising deep-sea fishing trips are posted in Cyrillic. Russian billionaire Mikhail Prokhorov owns North Island, where Prince William and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, went on their honeymoon in 2011. Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed al-Nahyan, president of the UAE, built a hilltop palace for himself with views across the chain of islands. The Emiratis have given hundreds of millions of dollars to the Seychelles in recent years for causes including public health and affordable housing. But when the Emirati royal family visits, they are rarely seen. "The jeep comes to their private jet on the tarmac and they disappear," said one Seychellois official who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he did not want to be seen as criticising the Emiratis. Zayed, the crown prince, owns a share of the Seychelles' Four Seasons, a collection of private villas scattered on a lush hillside on the main island's southern shore, overlooking the Indian Ocean, according to officials in the Seychelles. The hotel is tucked away on a private beach, far from the nearest public road. Current and former US officials who have worked closely with Zayed, who is often referred to as MBZ, say it would be out of character for him to arrange the Jan. 11 meeting without getting a green light in advance from top aides to Trump and Putin, if not the leaders themselves. "MBZ is very cautious," said an American businessman who knows Zayed. "There had to be a nod." The Seychelles meeting was deemed productive by the UAE and Russia but the idea of arranging additional meetings between Prince and Putin's associates was dropped, officials said. Even unofficial contacts between Trump and Putin associates had become too politically risky, officials said. Sieff reported from the Seychelles. The Washington Post's Julie Tate, Devlin Barrett, Matea Gold, Tom Hamburger and Rosalind S. Helderman contributed to this report. Washington Post Related Content Trump fans premature 'mission accomplished' on Islamic State and the Middle East Ivanka and Jared on perilous ethical grounds Flynn asks for immunity to testify before Congress Advertisement Most Popular Chemical attack in Syria poses profound questions for Trump's leadership As he prepares to meet Trump, Xi Jinping has a lot to worry about Former Trump adviser admits to 2015 communication with Russian spy Advertisers flee Bill O'Reilly over harassment story Outrage in UK after Cadbury drops Easter reference for egg hunt Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Suspected deadly chemical attack a 'war crime', says Boris Johnson As he prepares to meet Trump, Xi Jinping has a lot to worry about North Korea fires projectile into sea off east coast: South Korea Former Trump adviser admits to 2015 communication with Russian spy Outrage in UK after Cadbury drops Easter reference for egg hunt Canberra Times TURC star witness company collapses owing $4 million Man caused $550k damage to Canberra office after minibar binge 'You start to get twitchy': Julia's battle after being hit by a car Two-hour train between Canberra and Sydney on the cards The Sydney Morning Herald Anti-Uber activist Russell Howarth 'terrorised' drivers, told to stop harassment Hero mother died with child in arms as car sank into river Suspected deadly chemical attack a 'war crime', says Boris Johnson 'You start to get twitchy': Julia's battle after being hit by a car The Age Man stabbed at Melbourne Central Rebecca Judd encourages natural birth after 'horrific' caesarean with twin boys Divorced couple locked in legal spat over $93m share market bonanza Tram services slashed despite runaway passenger growth Brisbane Times Queen Street bus station closed due to flooding After Cyclone Debbie's fury, holidaymakers unleash on Whitsundays operators Plan to increase Wivenhoe by two Sydney Harbours in $900m safety revamp Coroner calls for road rules quiz every few years after two cyclist deaths Thirsty work: Adani coal mine to draw 26 million litres of water per day WA Today WA teacher who indecently recorded dozens of kids revealed Why Perth councils are playing a new verge collection game Eagles, Dockers away games televised ... after the siren has sounded Illegal dumper fined $40,000 for emptying truck waste on private properties, verges Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,445 Reviews & Articles | 54,727 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets Intel's Kaby Lake-G: super-fast discrete GPU + HBM2 tech Intel's next-gen Kaby Lake-G processors will reportedly feature fast discrete GPU with HBM2 tech By: Anthony Garreffa | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: 1 day, 6 hours ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Intel's next-gen Kaby Lake-G processors might be something to get excited about for Chipzilla, with the latest rumors pointing towards Intel's upcoming Kaby Lake-G architecture featuring a massive integrated GPU, with HBM2 technology.     The leaked slides tease that Kaby Lake-G will feature a massive iGPU, all built on the 14nm process, and a dedicated PCIe link to a separate discrete GPU with HBM2 tech. The news was revealed during Intel's recent Technology and Manufacturing Day, with two SKUs teased on the BGA design: one for embedded systems, and the other for next-gen laptops.     Intel's next-gen Kaby Lake-G processors will reportedly come in 4C/8T with a 65W and 100W model, and since there's no on-package cache, the 65/100W TDPs are weird - but, it makes sense if they rock powerful integrated GPU + HBM2 tech. The separate GPU will be connected to the CPU through a dedicated PCIe 3.0 x8 interface, while the HBM2 memory will be the main on-board VRAM for the iGPU.   There's not much else known on the Kaby Lake-G series, but we do know that it is being made as a 2-chip platform - meaning there will be the main CPU, and a separate PCH on the motherboard. NEWS SOURCES:Wccftech.com Recommended for You AMD preparing Ryzen 3 1200, mainstream 3.1GHz CPU AMD Ryzen 5 1600 reviewed, 6C/12T combats Core i7-... The first sign of Kaby Lake X: the Intel Core i7-7740K... AMD Ryzen with 12C/24T appears, excites us all so... >> NEXT STORY: ASUS unveils ROG Areion, a 10GbE Ethernet PCIe adapter << PREVIOUS STORY: ASUS Radeon RX 580 ROG Strix 8GB spotted Related Tags Intel Intel Kaby Lake Kaby Lake-G Intel Kaby Lake-G Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Apple's next-gen iMac: 5K display and Kaby Lake CPU iPhone X concept is exactly what Apple needs to do Radeon RX 580, RX 570, RX 550 benchmarked leaked AMD preparing Ryzen 3 1200, mainstream 3.1GHz CPU AMD Ryzen 5 1600 reviewed, 6C/12T combats Core i7-5930KView More News Posts Forum Activity GA Z170 HD3 phase question? Best mainstream motherboard - Gigabyte or Asus 2017 model? Advice needed motherboard H270M-ITX/ac problems Apricorn Aegis Secure Key 3z and Configurator Review Patriot Memory LX 256GB microSDXC Memory Card ReviewView More Forum Posts Press Releases ASUS Republic of Gamers announces latest gaming lineup at Join the Republic: Outshine the Competition event Western Digital increases capacity of surveillance-class hard drives to 10TB ADATA SD700 durable external 3D NAND SSD wins Red Dot Award 2017 CD PROJEKT summarizes its 2016 financial results Destiny 2 announced: blockbuster sequel to the biggest new console video game franchise launch of all time set for September 8View More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Genevieve Bell calls out the creeps and warns of analytics' unintended consequences Genevieve Bell calls out the creeps and warns of analytics' unintended consequences World leading tech-anthropologist says creepy algorithms make us anxious George Nott (CIO) 05 April, 2017 13:58 - - - - print email Comments When Genevieve Bell's ATM machine wished her a happy birthday, she found it a bit creepy. When it wished her happy anniversary she was downright disturbed. "It felt like they were tipping their hand a little too much," she said. "I had to take a step back and say 'ooh that's not good'. You've now told me much more about your tracking of me than I needed to know, in the guise of a personal experience. What you've done has gotten really creepy." Speaking at the AIIA Navigating Digital Government Summit in Canberra today, the former Intel anthropologist warned that government and industry needed to keep in mind the effect data and technology had on people. "It got too close. It was just too personal," the Australian National University professor said of her unnerving ATM experience. While data can give rise to "magic" user interactions, Bell explained, it could also cause people to be anxious about what was known about them. "We talk about big data and recommendation engines and algorithms. Consumers encounter it through preferences, they encounter it through things being served up to them which inevitably creates a sense of anxiety and questioning. Why is it that Netflix thinks I should watch that show? What is it they know about me that they imagine I should?" she said. Humans can sometimes fear their choices are being "prescribed by their past" by these algorithms, which by their nature work on retrospective data. "They want to imagine they're more interesting than that," she added. What cows want Read more Researchers use analytics and machine learning to detect dodgiest travellers Making data visible and opening up analysis could also have unintended consequences, Bell warned, and data should not be considered a "benign thing". Bell, who joined the ANU in February, recounted an Intel study into household water usage. In one case when a couple could see that one took a shower in the early evening after a business meeting, the other became suspicious of why. "Making data visible has the capacity to make a series of tacit rituals public and visible. And it turns out that's a little bit confronting," she said. Another study concerning agricultural IoT gave dairy cows RFID tags to they could trigger a automated milking process by themselves. While the farmers usually milked twice daily, given the ability, the cows were doing so far more often. Read more CSIRO heads to US as Trump muzzles science agencies "Suddenly there's this moment: 'We need to think about what cows want'. And that was uncomfortable. Scale that up and imagine what data can tell us about what things want that we hadn't thought about." Human in the middle Bell, who is recognised as a world leader in the ethnographic approach to developing technology, explained that though it was easy to be wooed by "provocative and remarkable and delightful" innovations, human users can't be forgotten. "If all we do is think about the technology we set ourselves up to not be as successful as we could and should be," she said. "Having humans in the middle, both as the objects and subjects and regulators of that technology is the most important and in some ways the hardest thing to do. "It's not just talking about digital transformation but digital transformation in a world where we are still human beings." @georgepnott Why Performance Matters When Building Your SD-WAN More from Silver Peak Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags CSIROData61Australian National University (ANU)genevieve bellintel More about Australian National UniversityIntelNetflix Editor's Recommendations When will the IT project madness end? Ridley leads charge on 'intelligent built environments' in digital age Regaining trust after a digital government failure Tech dreams come true: Origin’s Kelly Ferguson reveals personal journey Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Accelerating digital business in the 4th industrial revolution Mastering the science of IT spend Read more Silver Peak Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Anatomy of a Hack Disrupted Responding to Today’s Advanced Threats Latest Jobs Contracts Manager NSW Head of Architecture, Global Financial Institution NSW ICT Project Manager NSW Senior Project Manager - Digital / Media NSW Contracts Manager NSW New Business Lead - Professional Services (Pre-Sales) NSW Data Analyst Lead SA Service Delivery Manager NSW Manager Portfolio Planning QLD Contracts Manager NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next ​Eftpos taps culture-of-innovation-as-a-service ​Catholic Education WA moves to Microsoft cloud Security industry “has failed the customer”, exec concedes as reborn McAfee spruiks ... CSO Online In pictures: Breakfast - Information governance in a digital world 10 things you may not know about Google New era, new buzzphrase: We're headed for 'Digital Cohesion' CSO Chinese hackers go after third-party IT suppliers to steal data Apple fixes wireless-based remote code execution flaw in iOS Politicians' web browsing history targeted after privacy vote A free decryption tool is now available for all Bart ransomware versions Privacy rollback can cause headaches for corporate security pros Computerworld Labor calls for independent review of govt digital transformation efforts Former NAB exec to take charge of govt’s Digital Transformation Agency TPG picks up additional Singapore spectrum Demand driving up cyber security salaries After Congress revokes Internet privacy rules, downloads double of VPN-equipped Opera browser ARN OVH to acquire VMware’s vCloud Air business Businesses need to up the ante on digital strategies in CX The heat is on for hybrid infrastructure services providers Finding and selling a niche in a digital world SonicWall brings its partner program to Asia-Pacific Techworld Amazon to refund parents over kids' in-app purchases, says FTC Cisco says Arista’s redesign moves not good enough AT&T trials open switches for better future services After Congress revokes Internet privacy rules, downloads double of VPN-equipped Opera browser Chinese hackers go after third-party IT suppliers to steal data CMO Carat secures Yahoo7 brand chief as CMO iSelect CMO on building the ultimate customer ‘life admin store’ Updated: ExactTarget co-founder joins Experian cross-channel marketing division following sale ​Coca-Cola data chief on the art of connecting with customers Google, Coles, Cambridge Analytica on harnessing data to offer personalised experiences Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Cybersecurity Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide McAfee spins out of Intel to become an independent cybersecurity company Saheli Roy Choudhury | @sahelirc 4 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters McAfee spins out of Intel    8 Hours Ago | 02:15 In an age where more devices are connected to the Internet, and to each other, users need a lot more help from cybersecurity providers to tackle evolving digital threats, a senior executive at McAfee told CNBC on Wednesday. The security software company, founded by American computer programmer John McAfee, has been around for three decades but was acquired by Intel between 2010 and 2011. This week, it became a new, jointly-owned independent cybersecurity company, with alternative asset management firm TPG owning a 51 percent stake and Intel retaining 49 percent. The deal was announced last September, and valued the business at approximately $4.2 billion. "We spin out today to become a standalone — one of the largest standalone security companies globally, so we're very excited," Gavin Struthers, global SVP and Asia Pacific president at McAfee, told CNBC's "The Rundown" on Wednesday. Asia Pacific — which is split between mature markets like Singapore and Australia and emerging Asia, where security levels are not as comprehensive — is a "hyper-growth" market for McAfee, according to Struthers. He also reckoned no one is safe from hackers — from families at home trying to raise their children in a hyper-connected world to small and medium businesses, large corporations and even governments. "The bad actors are more sophisticated and they're coming after not just for profit, but sometimes for principle," he said. That is where Struthers said McAfee can help with its numerous security technologies. "McAfee has always been a broad portfolio company and that ability to connect multiple technologies together — we call it a platform — is something the rest of the market is not doing," he said. Struthers added access to a comprehensive global threat intelligence network and automation of technologies to detect and tackle breaches was what set McAfee apart from the competition. Vertigo3d | Getty Images But, he acknowledged keeping up with hackers and their increasingly complex means of attacks can be a challenge. "It's an asymmetrical balance — (hackers) have to get it right only once, we have to get it right every time," he said. McAfee provides a range of antivirus software to individual users to help protect their home, offices and connected devices. McAfee also offers advanced threat analysis, data protection, encryption and network intrusion prevention for enterprises. Cybersecurity threats have grown in frequency and complexity in recent years. Hackers have targeted government institutions and companies, and have made away with databases containing personal information. Awareness, according to Struthers, is also important in defending against digital threats, as is industry-wide collaboration in intelligence gathering. Saheli Roy ChoudhuryNews Assistant Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change INTC --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Politics Intel Committee Democrat Says Trump Associates ‘Will Probably Go To Jail’ Over Kremlin Connections [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 9:00 PM 04/04/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5573760 A Democratic member of the House Intelligence Committee said Tuesday that associates of Donald Trump will “probably go to jail” over their connections to the Russian government. Texas Rep. Jaoquin Castro made the explosive claim in an interview with CNN’s Wolf Blitzer, though he declined to give specifics about why he believes jail time is in the offing for Trump advisers. “There’s…quite a lot of smoke, the investigation is to determine if there’s a fire or not,” Castro said of the investigations into collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian government operatives. “I would say this, that my impression is I wouldn’t be surprised after all of this is said and done, that some people end up in jail,” said Castro. Asked by Blitzer if he was implying that multiple Trump advisers will wind up in the slammer, he said: “That’s my impression, yes.” The FBI is said to be investigating the activities of former Trump campaign advisers Paul Manafort, Roger Stone, Carter Page and Michael Flynn. All have denied coordinating with the Russian government to influence the election. So far, no Democrats have produced evidence of collusion between the Trump team and Kremlin. Obama administration intelligence officials, including James Clapper, the former director of national intelligence, said last month that he saw no evidence of collusion up through the end of his term on Jan. 20. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter Tags: Donald Trump, Jaoquin Castro Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Automotive Cyber Security Industry 2017 Market Solutions & Services : Harman, Infineon, Lear Brooklyn, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/04/2017 — This market research report delves deep into the global Automotive Cyber Security market. It highlights the recent market scenario, growth in the past few years, and opportunities present for manufacturers in the future. The research methods and tools used in the completion of this study are both primary and secondary. The study further presents details on the investments initiated by several organizations, institutions, government, and non-government bodies. EMEA Automotive Cyber Security market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Automotive Cyber Security sales volume, price, revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Argus Cyber Security Cisco Systems Arilou Technologies Harman International Intel Corporation NXP Semiconductors ESCRYPT Embedded Systems Secunet AG Infineon Technologies AG Harman International Industries Argus Cyber Security Delphi Automotive Intel Corporation Lear Corporation Trillium SBD Automotive & NCC Group Karamba Security Escrypt Arilou Technologies Order your Free Sample Copy of this Report @ http://www.qyresearchreports.com/sample/sample.php?rep_id=1035130&type=E The study presents an evaluation of the factors that are expected to inhibit or boost the progress of the global Automotive Cyber Security market. The global Automotive Cyber Security market has been examined thoroughly on the basis of key criteria such as end user, application, product, technology, and region. An analysis has been provided in the report of the key geographical segments and their share and position in the market. The estimated revenue and volume growth of the global Automotive Cyber Security market has also been offered in the report. An assessment of the market attractiveness with regard to the competition that new players and products are likely to present to older ones has been provided in the publication. The research report also mentions the innovations, new developments, marketing strategies, branding techniques, and products of the key participants present in the global Automotive Cyber Security market. The competitive landscape has been thoroughly analyzed utilizing the value chain analysis and Porter’s five forces analysis to present a clear vision of the market. The opportunities and threats present in the future for the key market players have also been highlighted in the publication. Browse Complete Report with TOC @ http://www.qyresearchreports.com/report/emea-europe-middle-east-and-africa-automotive-cyber-security-market-report-2017.htm Table of Contents 1 Automotive Cyber Security Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Automotive Cyber Security 1.2 Classification of Automotive Cyber Security 1.2.1 EMEA Automotive Cyber Security Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 EMEA Automotive Cyber Security Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Network 1.2.4 Endpoint 1.2.5 Wireless 1.3 EMEA Automotive Cyber Security Market by Application/End Users 1.3.1 EMEA Automotive Cyber Security Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2012-2022 1.3.2 Infotainment 1.3.3 Telematics 1.3.4 Safety 1.3.5 Communication 1.4 EMEA Automotive Cyber Security Market by Region 1.4.1 EMEA Automotive Cyber Security Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Middle East Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Africa Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 EMEA Market Size (Value and Volume) of Automotive Cyber Security (2012-2022) QYResearchReports offers Latest News & Articles @ http://www.qyresearchreports.com/press-releases.htm CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hemodialysis and Peritoneal Dialysis Industry Overview Trends, Shares and Forecast Research Report 2017 – 2025 Next PostNext National Carwash Solutions Partners with AEA Investors Search Recent Posts Adslot Appoint Seasoned Ad Tech Executive as General Manager – North America Trend Expected to Guide Quantum Computing Market 2025 Trend Expected to Guide Kosher Food Market 2022 Motorcycle Market to Increase at Steady Growth Rate by 2016-2024 Global Atorvastatin Market- Pfizer, DSM Sinochem Pharmaceuticals, Ind-Swift, Cadila Pharmaceuticals, Morepen Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Gear & Gadgets — Samsung’s Tizen is riddled with security flaws, amateurishly written Researcher calls it the "worst code [he's] ever seen." Peter Bright - Apr 4, 2017 6:16 pm UTC Enlarge / Samsung's Smart TV interface, which seems to be running on Tizen. Samsung reader comments 119 Share this story Tizen, the open source operating system that Samsung uses on a range of Internet-of-Things devices and positions as a sometime competitor to Android, is chock full of egregious security flaws, according to Israeli researcher Amihai Neiderman. Samsung has been developing the operating system for many years. The project started as an Intel and Nokia project, and Samsung merged its Bada operating system into the code in 2013. Like Android, it's built on a Linux kernel, with a large chunk of open source software running on top. App development on Tizen uses C++ and HTML5. Presenting at Kaspersky Lab's Security Analyst Summit and speaking to Motherboard, Neiderman had little positive to say about the state of Tizen's code. "It may be the worst code I've ever seen," Neiderman said. "Everything you can do wrong there, they do it." While much of the code is inherited from Tizen's Intel and Samsung predecessor projects, Neiderman says that most of the flaws he found were in the newer code. Buffer overflows are widespread due to issues such as the improper use of the strcpy() function in C—a notoriously dangerous function with risks that are well known to experienced C and C++ programmers. These risks lead many developers to use alternative functions entirely, but not so the Tizen developers: Neiderman says that Samsung is "using it everywhere." Samsung's code also failed to use SSL in a consistent way, transferring even sensitive data in the clear. At the moment, Tizen is predominantly used in smart devices, though Samsung continues to dabble with using the operating system in smartphones. Hacked Smart TVs became a hot issue with the recent publication of CIA documents, which described an attack on Samsung Smart TVs using an exploit on a USB key. Another attack on Samsung Smart TVs was published last week that used malicious commands embedded in broadcast TV signals. Neiderman himself started looking at Tizen after buying a Samsung TV running the operating system, but he has found that the flaws also exist in the company's smartphones. Unlike the CIA's exploit, Neiderman says that he found flaws that can be remotely exploited. One particular focus was TizenStore, Samsung's marketplace for Tizen apps. He found exploitable flaws within the store app, and since the store app runs as a highly privileged account, exploiting it compromises the entire device. When he contacted Samsung about the flaws, Neiderman says that he received only automated replies. Since going public, the company has said that it's committed to cooperating with the researcher to mitigate the vulnerabilities. Peter Bright Peter is Technology Editor at Ars. He covers Microsoft, programming and software development, Web technology and browsers, and security. He is based in Brooklyn, NY. Email peter.bright@arstechnica.com // Twitter @drpizza reader comments 119 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks Windows10 SpaceX GalaxyS8 VPN101 Menu Home/ Business/ Oath? Are You Kidding Me? Oath? Are You Kidding Me? By John C. Dvorak April 4, 2017 10 Comments In Oath, there's definitely a secret handshake and a weird hat. Verizon will meld AOL with Yahoo and rebrand the operation as Oath, AOL chief Tim Armstrong announced yesterday. This comes around April 1, so it could be the back end of a dumb April Fool's Day joke. If it's not, I would immediately claim that it is a joke, because it's a good way to backtrack on a terrible idea. Like Tronc, Oath is not a pleasant word. It sounds like a creepy, cultish organization. In Oath, there's definitely a secret handshake and a weird hat. In fact, Armstrong's tweet encourages people to #TaketheOath. Perhaps the name is an anagram. What could it be? Well, since it involves AOL and Yahoo, it could easily be "Our Access To Hell." That's works for me. Most modern high-tech naming conventions are designed around the idea of mental association. This thinking began in earnest with the appearance of the Pentium chip. It was not a real word and was designed to elicit a subconscious response. The next chip from Intel in 1993 should have been the 80586, but the company decided to spend a fortune for some consultants to come up with a new brand. Pentium was the winner. Pentium had at least two elements of mental association. First the "pent" was short for penta, which means five—for the 586. It also implied pentagon and pentagram—creepy occult stuff. The "-ium" combined with the hard P of Pentium suggested platinum—a good thing. AMD followed with Athlon, incorporating athletic and longevity perhaps. Then came Intel's retort of Celeron, which just made me think of celery and lawn clippings. These ideas at Intel faded, and now it sticks with simple associations like Atom and Core. Oath likely started in a board meeting with the idea to call the new combined company "Both." I imagine the meeting going something like this: Board Member A: We've called a special meeting to discuss the renaming of the new Yahoo plus AOL corporate entity. Board Member B: Why are we changing the names? They are established brands. Everyone knows them. They are familiar. Board Member C: You are new here. This is what we do because we do not care about such old-fashioned thinking. You'll learn. Board Member B: It just seems dumb. Board Member A: You can shut up. Do we have any good ideas for a name? Board Member D: Yes, "Both!" B-O-T-H – the word itself. It implies two combined companies. It's dynamite. Fabulous idea. Board Member A: I kind of like it. Board member E [who is hard of hearing]: What did you say? Oath? Board member A: That's it! Even better! Oath it is!! Meeting is adjourned. This scenario makes as much sense and any rationale for calling any company Oath. Sheesh. For more, check out PCMag Editor-in-Chief Dan Costa's interview with AOL founder Steve Case from SXSW in the video below. Back to top Previous : Your Favorite Free Product Is Now Paid? Tough By John C. Dvorak Columnist, PCMag.com John Dvorak is a columnist for PCMag.com and the host of the weekly TV video podcast CrankyGeeks. His work is licensed around the world. Previously a columnist for Forbes, Forbes Digital, PC World, Barrons, MacUser, PC/Computing, Smart Business and other magazines and newspapers. Former editor and consulting editor for Infoworld. Has appeared in the New York Times, LA Times, Philadelphia Enquirer, SF Examiner, Vancouver Sun. Was on the start-up team for CNet TV as well as ZDTV. At ZDTV (and TechTV) was host of Silicon... More » More Stories by John C. Windows 10: It's a Miracle (That It Works) When I use any of my Windows 10 machines, it's a miracle they work at all, especially when I conside... More » Knock-Off GoPros: Worth the Gamble? Who knows? Those behind these cheap-as-dirt 4K action cameras don't have robust US PR machines, so i... More » Your Favorite Free Product Is Now Paid? Tough False promises abound in Silicon Valley, especially when it comes to free products going paid. But w... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles The Best Amazon Alexa Skills The Strange World of Console-Computer Hybrids 5 Video Games You'll Want to Buy in April Privacy 101: Why You Need a VPN Spotify Tricks That Will Make You a Streaming Samurai 20 Tricks to Master Google Photos »See More //Discover... 12 Ridiculously Niche Smartphones Google Drive Tips You Can't Afford to Miss Oh, Internet: The Web's Best April Fools' Pranks »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
SearchSecurity Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login Register Techtarget Network News Features Tips More Content Answers Buyer's Guides Essential Guides Opinions Photo Stories Podcasts Quizzes Tutorials Sponsored Communities Schools SearchSecurity Topic Information Security Careers, Training and Certifications Application and Platform Security Enterprise Data Protection Enterprise identity and access management Enterprise Network Security Government IT security Information Security Management Information Security Threats Security Audit, Compliance and Standards Topics Archive All Topics SubTopic Information Security Jobs and Training CISSP Information Security Jobs and Training Security Industry Certifications All Subtopics Follow: blvdone - Fotolia Get started Bring yourself up to speed with our introductory content. Chenxi Wang discusses DEF CON hacking conference, 'Equal Respect' by Marcus J. Ranum Grassroots efforts to shift cultural thinking in information security have had a positive effect, the former professor of computer engineering says. This Article Covers Information Security Jobs and Training RELATED TOPICS CISSP Security Industry Certifications Looking for something else? In her new role of CISO, Annalea Ilg is curious, driven and paranoid CISO (chief information security officer) How military cybersecurity skills can help fill the security hiring gap + Show More Sections Share this item with your network: Related Content Is the RSA 2015 'booth babe' ban a win for women in ... – SearchSecurity What's the verdict on the VMworld 2011 booth babes? – SearchCIO booth babe – WhatIs.com Sponsored News Choosing the Right Hybrid Cloud Solution for Microsoft SQL Server –Rackspace See More Vendor Resources The Evolving Role of Managed Security Service Providers –SearchSecurity.com This article can also be found in the Premium Editorial Download: Information Security magazine: The managed security provider comes knocking: Download CISOs are too often bombarded with a lot of vendor jargon and little substance. Chenxi Wang is among the veterans in the information security industry who have pointed to poor marketing and communication styles—especially at conferences. The former chief strategy officer at cloud container security provider Twistlock—she left the company in February—Wang has also worked at CipherCloud, Intel Security and Forrester Research. Early in her career, she spent time in the classroom as an associate professor of computer engineering at Carnegie Mellon University. Wonder why few women attend some of the more "rebellious" hacker conventions, like the DEF CON hacking conference, where important industry findings -- and security hiring -- are discussed? The near-striptease at a DEF CON hacking conference trivia game might indicate a trouble spot. While the use of promotional models at conferences is nothing new (and is on the wane at security events), a growing number of people like Wang are encouraging security event planners and technology vendors to adopt better communication strategies. Wang co-launched a Facebook group named "Equal Respect" (originally called "Starting a New Dialogue") for like-minded security professionals. Today, she continues her efforts to promote diversity and inclusion. Marcus J. Ranum, who ruffled a few feathers when he tackled this same topic in 2014, checked in with Wang to find out how far the information security industry has come and what needs to happen next to promote more diversity in the talent-seeking field. Have you encountered any impediments in the security industry as a woman executive? Are we past the glass ceiling yet? Chenxi Wang: I can only speak from my own personal experience, of course, but speaking with customers, partners and my team, it has been a nonissue. It may be because I have a history in the industry, and I have a reputation and I'm somewhat respected. I've never met a situation where I've felt belittled, although I hear stories all the time. I did experience a few unpleasant interactions at [the DEF CON hacking conference], but that's not my work environment. It's hard for me to know how much of a problem harassment is, other than the occasional debate in the coffee line about political correctness run amok, which is very tedious, but it's important to engage [in those conversations]. What should we do? Wang: It's a long process. Conferences should do something, obviously, but they can't do much more than provide a framework. For example, RSA can say 'no booth babes' and that works—but someone who wants to work around it can. Really, it's a matter of changing the mindset, and that takes every single person doing something about it. We wrote in our blog: If you're on the buyer side, ask vendors if they adhere to a good code of conduct and hold them accountable for their marketing. If you're on the vendor side, listen to your customers, and if you're on the marketing side think hard about how to communicate your message without leveraging sexist, racist, or non-inclusive imagery or tactics. If every one of us does a little bit, it will make all the difference. I have friends who have told me personally that they will not buy from vendors that use booth babes, and I tell them, ‘You should tell the vendors that.’ The best pressure is the wallet. Maybe that's why security is improving faster than gaming—there's more money at stake. I know a woman CSO who walked by a booth at RSA—this was years ago—and they had booth babes; she asked one of the people at the booth if the marketing director was there, then explained that her company wasn't going to buy anything from them as long as they were such an embarrassment to themselves. I think a lot of what this boils down to is bad marketing. You look stupid in front of more than half of your potential customers. Wang: Security's an industry about trust. So you have to project seriousness and trustworthiness. … A lot of this can come down to 'perverse incentives' in marketing. If they are being scored on how many badges they scan, then they're just trying to get as many people as possible to stop by the booth—and that can lead to unfortunate decision-making. What they're attracting in that situation are not necessarily target buyers. If the marketing department thinks about it, losing that woman CSO is much more detrimental to their business than bringing in 50 or even 100 [people in] random foot traffic. That's the best argument I've ever heard for why organizations need to think more carefully about these issues. What else should we do? Wang: As executives, we need to expand our definition of skills. A lot of companies don't look at the full range of what people can do and want to hire people that look and act like them. If you look for people who do things in different ways, you get a broader range of skills and personalities, and that works better. One company I know, Duo Security [an authentication services vendor], has a staff of 43% women; their CEO follows the approach of trying to look deeper at what people can do. That's Dug Song's company? He's great. I once talked to a venture capitalist who said their hiring model is exactly the opposite: They are constantly trying to match 'the last thing that worked,' which means that they literally are looking for a clone of Mark Zuckerberg, down to his favorite hobbies and what he wears. Then they wonder why it's hard to innovate. If the marketing department thinks about it, losing that woman CSO is much more detrimental to their business than bringing in 50 or even 100 [people in] random foot traffic. Chenxi Wangformer chief strategy officer, Twistlock A friend forwarded me to Catalyst, a non-profit organization for women, which makes a great argument that diverse organizations are more effective, successful and—most importantly for the venture capitalist—have the highest returns on investment. Wang: I tell my recruiters, and teams, to dig deeper to find people, to look in places they normally wouldn't. One thing I am doing is starting a women speakers' bureau—we're building up a database of women speakers on various topics. Hey, look, you no longer have the excuse that you couldn't find anyone! That's wonderful! It's kind of embarrassing to be invited to be on a panel and it's always four old white guys. As Jack Daniel [strategist, Tenable Network Security] once said, 'I'm an old, bearded white guy, and I'm getting tired of being asked about diversity by other old, bearded white guys.' I know you have some opinions about the booth babes at conferences, and so do I. Do you think we're making progress? Wang: If you look at [it] since 2004 till now, I think there is improvement. In 2004, at the big industry conferences, we had all the booth babes, and come 2014 we had visibly less. In 2016, we had hardly any. We probably will see some stragglers here and there, but as an industry it's pretty good. [The DEF CON hacking conference is] still DEF CON. Infosecurity Europe has gotten visibly better as well. As an industry, we are making progress. In that regard, it's always seemed to me that Europe is ahead of the United States. When you spoke out against the booth babes' scene, how did that work for you? Some of us who spoke about it in 2014 got pushback in the form of apologies for the status quo. Wang: My experience after I spoke out was fairly positive. I didn't get any trolling—I had a few people try to dismiss it as 'it's not a problem.' I got more positive response from colleagues in the industry who wanted to help. As a result, there's more work that is being done on various fronts. My sense, overall, is very positive. It's nice that, as an industry and a community, we managed to avoid anything like #Gamergate [a Twitter harassment campaign targeting female developers in the video game industry]. Chenxi Wang Wang: I followed that, and it speaks volumes to the dangers of not challenging the status quo. What those women had to go through was very, very troubling. It's hard to put my finger on one thing that's different between security and other fields; it's probably that security's customer base is more diverse. If your customers are teenagers or direct consumers, you're selling to a community that is notoriously bad in terms of diversity and inclusion. The advertising in that field is pretty bad; it's a self-reinforcing problem. Wang: DEF CON still has room for improvement. I know there has been pushback against the attitudes there. Wang: This year at Hacker Jeopardy, many people spoke out against that [male-orientation], so the next day they changed the rewards [from female models rewarding right answers by removing clothing]. It's getting better. Next Steps How CISOs can cut through the hype in technology decisions Preparing women for the information security profession Marcus Ranum chats with Digital Rivers' Dyann Bradbury This was last published in April 2017 Dig Deeper on Information Security Jobs and Training All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve In her new role of CISO, Annalea Ilg is curious, driven and paranoid Q&A: IBM's Diana Kelley got an early start in IT, security came later MIAX Options CSO on security's role in business continuity Role of CISO: FICO enlists CISO in security product management Load More View All DHS hiring puts into question the cybersecurity skills shortage TechTarget Survey: IT risk management, compliance top tasks Cybersecurity skills shortage demands new workforce strategies Clarity needed to cultivate next-gen cybersecurity workforce Load More View All News In her new role of CISO, Annalea Ilg is curious, driven and paranoid Q&A: IBM's Diana Kelley got an early start in IT, security came later Uncharted path to IT and compliance with Digital River's Dyann Bradbury CISO (chief information security officer) Load More View All Get started CISO job description: Business function more than IT Q&A: Why information security data analysis is so complex What do CISO training programs cover and are they worth it? How can Millennials enter cybersecurity careers in the enterprise? Load More View All Evaluate Q&A: IBM's Diana Kelley got an early start in IT, security came later MIAX Options CSO on security's role in business continuity Role of CISO: FICO enlists CISO in security product management High-stakes role of CISO: Scott Howitt, MGM Resorts International Load More View All Manage Can security employee tenure be improved by CISOs? CISO Q&A: Healthcare information security needs more leadership Aflac CISO Tim Callahan on global security, risk management Is it possible to get a new CISO position after being fired? Load More View All Problem solve PRO+ Content Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Zine Dedicated CISO job still open to debate Marcus J. Ranum asks: What strategies does your organization use to get past the hype with security technology vendors? Join the Discussion Join the conversation 1 comment Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] searchsecurity - 4 Apr 2017 8:35 AM What strategies does your organization use to get past the hype with security technology vendors? Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Cloud Security Networking CIO Consumerization Enterprise Desktop Cloud Computing Computer Weekly SearchCloudSecurity What enterprises need to know about cloud IAM before implementation Cloud IAM services are growing in popularity among enterprises, but it's not a simple implementation. Expert Matthew Pascucci ... How AWS Artifact tackles regulatory compliance for enterprises A new service called AWS Artifact aims to help enterprises simplify regulatory compliance. Expert Rob Shapland discusses the ... What enterprises need to know about securing a multicloud deployment A multicloud deployment takes considerable planning for an enterprise, especially when it comes to security. Expert Dave ... SearchNetworking Extreme faces product challenges with Brocade data center business Extreme is expected to face challenges in unifying its acquisition-fed product portfolio, which grew more complex with the recent... Layer 3 switches explained Layer 3 switches are important in enterprise networks -- particularly in designs with many subnets and virtual LANs. What is a ... Session stickiness in the race for load-balancer performance This week, bloggers look into load-balancer performance, congressional changes to ISP rules and software-defined perimeters. SearchCIO In aftermath of FCC privacy rules repeal, uncertainty, ironies abound Rollback of FCC privacy rules on selling personal data is seen as a boon for ISPs and a blow to privacy rights. But the issue is ... Tech jobs for all, robots and fighting fake news at IBM InterConnect 2017 Alongside pitches for state-of-the-art technologies at the tech company's Las Vegas show was a call for young women in technology... Multicloud management is all about the integration Do several cloud applications, platform as a service and a data center make a company multicloud? Not necessarily, says ... SearchConsumerization Android, Windows tablets from HP take aim at business users HP released a new line of tablets targeting business users. The HP Pro Slate 8 and Pro Slate 12 run Android and cost $449 and ... Microsoft to lay off 18,000, Nokia X moves to Windows Phone Microsoft will lay off 18,000 people over the next year while the Nokia X line of Android smartphones, which was unveiled earlier... Microsoft Surface Pro 3 vs. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Surface Pro 2 and Surface Pro 3 are different enough that Microsoft is keeping both on the market as competing products. Which ... SearchEnterpriseDesktop Windows 10 security guide to fortify your defenses Windows 10 comes with a host of security features IT should know about, including Windows Information Protection. It also has ... Should your business upgrade to Windows 10 or not? Organizations can cling to past versions of Windows as long as they want. But, eventually, they will have to accept Windows 10, ... Content tracking, analytics hold the key to endpoint data protection Datacastle CEO Ron Faith points out what some businesses are doing wrong when it comes to handling data, and what they should do ... SearchCloudComputing How to get started with IAM services in the cloud Security is critical in the cloud, so it isn't surprising that identity and access management services are in high demand. Learn ... Streamline cloud operations with Google automation tools Cloud admins can choose from a number of tools to drive automation in Google Cloud Platform. Learn how managed instance groups, ... OpenStack remains sole choice for open source cloud platform OpenStack is the only open source cloud platform available for enterprise customers. But few use the software, mainly because ... ComputerWeekly CIO interview: Jason Caplin, Barnardo's Chief digital officer Jason Caplin is at the helm of the charity’s plans to create a shared data platform, aiming to improve ... DataWorks 17: Hortonworks promotes maturity of HDP upgrade Hadoop distributor leads on an upgrade to its Hortonworks Data Platform at the DataWorks 2017 Summit in Munich VMware to sell vCloud Air service and datacentre infrastructure to OVH French IaaS challenger to take over the reins of global vCloud Air hybrid cloud service About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Videos Photo Stories Guides Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors CPE and CISSP Training Reprints Archive Site Map Events E-Products All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2017, TechTarget Close
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Software LATEST NEWS Blast in Pakistani city of Lahore kills at least six Russian metro bombing puts Vladimir Putin's Syria policy to the test Motor racing-Formula One drivers' form sheet Better late than never: Why Trump should have invited Modi to Mar-a-Lago before Xi Jinping PM Narendra Modi remembers freedom fighter Jagjivan Ram Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories ET Home›Tech›Software 11:56 AM | 05 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,92615.56 NIFTY 50 9,2479.55 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,815-47.00 USD/INR 65.050.02 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex drops nearly 50 points after hitting 30K level; Cyient up 7% Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Intel announces AI developer program, aims to educate 15,000 individuals By Nilesh Christopher, ET Bureau | Apr 04, 2017, 10.19 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Wipro | product | Prakash Mallya | machine learning | Intel India | developer program To bolster its AI credentials, Intel last month merged its AI operations into a new unit, Artificial Intelligence Products Group (AIPG). Company Summary NSE BSE Wipro Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Love visual aspect of news?: Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! BENGALURU: Intel India announced the launch of its Artificial Intelligence (AI) Developer Program aimed at educating 15,000 individuals -- scientists, developers, analysts and engineers -- on AI technologies in a bid to boost the adoption of Artificial Intelligence in the homeland. Aimed at promoting AI amongst Indian developers Intel will organise 60 programs across the year, ranging from lectures, workshops, roadshows and roundtables. The initiative aims at imparting knowledge on the basics of adoption of AI via technical sessions. As India undergoes digital transformation, the intelligent analysis of the data collected will enable the government and the industry to make effective decisions offering increasing opportunities for using AI in the country. "To make this happen, Intel is collaborating with Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Wipro, Julia Computing and Calligo Technologies, by enabling them with AI solutions based on Intel architecture," said Prakash Mallya, Managing Director, Intel South Asia. To bolster its AI credentials, Intel last month merged its AI operations into a new unit, Artificial Intelligence Products Group (AIPG). The new group will focus on the development of chips and software products related to AI and Machine Learning. Mallya said that in India, Intel is targeting the BFSI, telecom, and e-commerce sectors, across High Performance Computing (HPC), big data, and the Internet of Things, all of which are complementary to AI. Intel India hosted its first AI Day where Industry, academia and the government discussed the potential of AI in India. For long Central Processing Units (CPU) have been the flagship product for Intel, but now the company is expanding into the Graphic Processing Unit (GPU) space with several acquisitions. The company has strengthened its position in this space with the acquisition of AI startups like Saffron, Movidus, Nervana Systems, and Mobileye. With control over 97% of data centre servers, Intel is poised to conquer the AI computing era through its solutions, Mallya said. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Successful Women in the Workforce Share this Common Trait Arizona State University New York: Meal Kit Skeptic? I Was Until I Tried Plated Food & Wine for Plated No gamer should miss this free game Vikings: Free Online GameMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Start Your Child's Life Right with This Gerber Life insura.. Gerber Life Insurance Company Watch: How To Treat An Asthma Attack HealthiNation The Most Addicting Shopping Site For Women Tophatter $91 for a $300 Watch. Here's how I did it. Watch of the Month Club Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door Disappointed BCCI uploaded Jadeja-Wade chat: Steve Smith READ MORE ON » Wipro | product | Prakash Mallya | machine learning | Intel India | developer program To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Tweets "" Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Narayana Murthy's mail: 'With what conscience can Pravin tell juniors to make sacrifices?' Mukesh Ambani’s Reliance Jio foray puts Rs 26,000 crore worth MVNO market in tatters Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka defends COO Pravin Rao's pay, says move crucial to retain talent H-1B policy memo to have little impact on Indian IT industry: Nasscom Malaysia agrees to set up technology park in Andhra Pradesh More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex|Gold rate Income Tax Slabs|Income Tax calculator RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Like Towleroad Daily Resist POLITICS Travel Music Theatre Film TV Sports Nature Business Men Marriage Equality Space Trans Rights Books Science Gay Iconography TowleREAD BREAKING: House Intel Committee Member Joaquin Castro: ‘People Will Probably Go to Jail’ When Trump-Russia Inquiry Concludes – WATCH Alex Jones Explodes in Expletive-Laden Homophobic Tirade at Rep. Adam Schiff: WATCH PreviousPrevious StoryGeorge Michael ‘Sexual Freedom Party’ to be Held at London Park Where He Used to Cruise Men NextNext StorySusan Rice Compelled to Respond to ‘Unmasking’ Allegations, Likely Thrilling the White House: WATCH by Andy Towle April 4, 2017 | 12:05pm Share572 Comments Alt-right conspiracy theorist Alex Jones and Trump phone call recipient Alex Jones exploded in a homophobic rage at House Intel Committee Democrat Rep. Adam Schiff, Media Matters reports, with transcript: ROGER STONE: What we’re hearing from the Democrats both in the House and Senate is red-baiting — ALEX JONES: That’s on Drudge. STONE: — fear-mongering — It is well beyond the point of recklessness, whether it is [Rep.] Adam Schiff [D-CA] who has maligned me or whether it is Senator Mark Warner [D-VA] or whether it is Senator John McCain [R-AZ]. But let me tell you something, Alex, these guys are pussies. They talk a tough game. “We’re going to get Roger Stone in front of the committee.” Gentlemen, ladies, I am ready, I am more than ready — JONES: In fact, let me say this right now. Let me tell — I’m not against gay people. OK. I love them, they’re great folks. But Schiff looks like the archetypal c**ksucker with those little deer-in-the-headlight eyes and all his stuff. And there’s something about this fairy, hopping around, bossing everybody around, trying to intimidate people like me and you, I want to tell Congressman Schiff and all the rest of them, “Hey listen a**hole, quit saying Roger and I” — and I’ve never used cussing in 22 years but the gloves are off — “listen you son of a b*tch, what the f**k’s your problem? You want to sit here and say that I’m a goddamn, f**king Russian. You get in my face with that I’ll beat your goddamn ass, you son of a b*tch. You piece of s**t. You f**king goddamn f**ker. Listen f**khead, you have f**king crossed a line. Get that through your goddamn f**king head. Stop pushing your s**t. You’re the people that have f**ked this country over and gangraped the s**t out of it and lost an election. So stop shooting your mouth off claiming I’m the enemy. You got that you goddamn son of a b*tch? Fill your hand.” I’m sorry, but I’m done. You start calling me a foreign agent, those are f**king fighting words. Excuse me. STONE: Yeah, I don’t think I have ever been in a campaign in which we disparage the patriotism of our opponents. Now, I’m not going to go there. But I think Adam Schiff has acted irresponsibly and I think he needs to be confronted with his exact words. JONES: He’s sucking globalist dick. Watch: PreviousPrevious StoryGeorge Michael ‘Sexual Freedom Party’ to be Held at London Park Where He Used to Cruise Men NextNext StorySusan Rice Compelled to Respond to ‘Unmasking’ Allegations, Likely Thrilling the White House: WATCH Share572 Like572 Comments Posted April 4, 2017 at 12:05pm ETC by Andy Towle in Adam Schiff, Alex Jones, Donald Trump, POLITICS, Roger Stone, Russia Follow Us Like Towleroad Towleroad Video Federal Appeals Court Issues Landmark Ruling: 1964 Civil Rights Act Protects LGBT Employees from Discrimination Share532 Like532 House Intel Committee Member Joaquin Castro: ‘People Will Probably Go to Jail’ When Trump-Russia Inquiry Concludes – WATCH Share161 Like161 Ivanka’s Neighbor, John McCain, Subway Hero, Bill O’Reilly, Grizzly Bear, Erik Prince, Bette Midler: HOT LINKS Share15 Like15 Heath Ledger Documentary Debuts Official Trailer on What Would Have Been His 38th Birthday: WATCH Share39 Like39 Susan Rice Compelled to Respond to ‘Unmasking’ Allegations, Likely Thrilling the White House: WATCH Share24 Like24 Alex Jones Explodes in Expletive-Laden Homophobic Tirade at Rep. Adam Schiff: WATCH Share572 Like572 Hunk of the Day 26-Year-Old Porter Harry Neale Flexes His Talent for British Stage Competition ‘Let It Shine’ – WATCH Share79 Like79 Columns Theatre Review ‘Amélie’ Musical Wanders onto Broadway, Checking Magic at the Door: REVIEW Film Review Two New Movies You Might Like: ‘Boss Baby’ and ‘The Zookeeper’s Wife’ Recap Root Root Root For the Home Queen With This Week’s ‘Drag Race’ Rankings TowleREAD Martin Duberman’s ‘Jews Queers Germans’ Probes the Gay Underground of Pre-Nazi Germany Theatre Review ‘Miss Saigon’ Is Back on Broadway, Older But None the Wiser: REVIEW Recap The Post-‘Baby Jane’ Bump On ‘Feud: Bette and Joan’ – RECAP Theatre Review Jake Gyllenhaal and Glenn Close are Slaying Broadway — and Resurrecting This Double Standard Film Review Disney’s New/Old ‘Beauty and the Beast’: REVIEW Theatre Review Sally Field Is Starring in ‘The Glass Menagerie’ on Broadway — and You’ll Really Like Her: REVIEW Theatre Review The ‘70s Gay Bar of Your Dreams Is Alive in ‘The View UpStairs’ Off-Broadway: REVIEW Latest Posts Federal Appeals Court Issues Landmark Ruling: 1964 Civil Rights Act Protects LGBT Employees from Discrimination6 hours ago House Intel Committee Member Joaquin Castro: ‘People Will Probably Go to Jail’ When Trump-Russia Inquiry Concludes – WATCH6 hours ago Ivanka’s Neighbor, John McCain, Subway Hero, Bill O’Reilly, Grizzly Bear, Erik Prince, Bette Midler: HOT LINKS12 hours ago Heath Ledger Documentary Debuts Official Trailer on What Would Have Been His 38th Birthday: WATCH12 hours ago Max Emerson and Andres Camilo’s Gay Army Prom Photos are Uniformly Romantic13 hours ago Susan Rice Compelled to Respond to ‘Unmasking’ Allegations, Likely Thrilling the White House: WATCH13 hours ago George Michael ‘Sexual Freedom Party’ to be Held at London Park Where He Used to Cruise Men14 hours ago ‘Strike A Pose,’ ‘The Get Down’, ‘Real Housewives of New York City, and More TV This Week15 hours ago Phenomenal ‘Jurassic Parkour’ Features the Most Acrobatic T-Rex Chase of All Time: WATCH15 hours ago Human Rights Campaign and Equality NC Slam NCAA for Caving on HB2 Repeal16 hours ago NCAA Caves to North Carolina After False Repeal of HB2, ‘Reluctantly’ Agrees to Consider Bids from State16 hours ago Federal Appeals Court Hears Heinous Mississippi Anti-LGBT ‘Religious Freedom’ Case16 hours ago Bob Harper Speaks Out About Massive Heart Attack: ‘I am Not Sweating the Small Things Anymore’ – WATCH16 hours ago Trump’s Pick for Army Secretary is Main Sponsor of Anti-LGBT Legislation in Tennessee17 hours ago Rachel Maddow Unpacks News That a Trump Adviser Was Recruited by Russian Spies…with a Jared Kushner Twist: WATCH18 hours ago ‘Amélie’ Musical Wanders onto Broadway, Checking Magic at the Door: REVIEW18 hours ago Brooklyn Rapper Mousey Baby Faces 25 Years For Stabbing Two Gay Men: VIDEO1 day ago Gay ‘Catfish’ Speaks Out: ‘It’s Like a Last Hope That Maybe Someone Will Still Love Me’ – WATCH1 day ago Senate Set for ‘Nuclear’ Showdown Over SCOTUS Nominee Neil Gorsuch1 day ago Powerful Vicks Ad About an Orphaned Indian Girl Adopted By a Transgender Woman Goes Viral: WATCH1 day ago You Might Also Like POLITICS House Intel Committee Member Joaquin Castro: ‘People Will Probably Go to Jail’ When Trump-Russia Inquiry Concludes – WATCH POLITICS Ivanka’s Neighbor, John McCain, Subway Hero, Bill O’Reilly, Grizzly Bear, Erik Prince, Bette Midler: HOT LINKS POLITICS Susan Rice Compelled to Respond to ‘Unmasking’ Allegations, Likely Thrilling the White House: WATCH POLITICS Alex Jones Explodes in Expletive-Laden Homophobic Tirade at Rep. Adam Schiff: WATCH POLITICS Trump’s Pick for Army Secretary is Main Sponsor of Anti-LGBT Legislation in Tennessee POLITICS Rachel Maddow Unpacks News That a Trump Adviser Was Recruited by Russian Spies…with a Jared Kushner Twist: WATCH Latest Posts Federal Appeals Court Issues Landmark Ruling: 1964 Civil Rights Act Protects LGBT Employees from Discrimination The full 7th Circuit Court of Appeals handed down a landmark ruling on Tuesday that the 1964 Civil Rights Act protects LGBT employees from workplace discrimination. Read the ruling HERE. The AP reports: The decision by the full 7th U.S. Circuit Court… Read House Intel Committee Member Joaquin Castro: ‘People Will Probably Go to Jail’ When Trump-Russia Inquiry Concludes – WATCH Rep. Joaquin Castro (D-TX), who serves on the House Intelligence Committee, told Wolf Blitzer this afternoon that, based on what he’s seen during the Trump-Russia investigation, “My impression is, after all of this is said and done, some people… Read Ivanka’s Neighbor, John McCain, Subway Hero, Bill O’Reilly, Grizzly Bear, Erik Prince, Bette Midler: HOT LINKS NUCLEAR OPTION. John McCain calls out the GOP for plan to use nuclear option in Gorsuch nomination, but says he’ll go along with them. “I think it’s a dark day in the history of the United States Senate.” 35 PERCENT. Trump approval rating… Read Heath Ledger Documentary Debuts Official Trailer on What Would Have Been His 38th Birthday: WATCH Actor Heath Ledger would have been 38 today. And Spike TV has chosen that occasion to debut the first trailer for the upcoming documentary about Ledger’s life and work, which will have its TV premiere on May 17 after a debut at the Tribeca Film… Read Max Emerson and Andres Camilo’s Gay Army Prom Photos are Uniformly Romantic Vlogger Max Emerson and his boyfriend Andres Camilo were a dapper-looking couple at the Knights Out gala held annually by LGBT West Point Grads. The couple shared a series of photos to their Instagram accounts. Hello from #gay #army #prom. @andrescam… Read Susan Rice Compelled to Respond to ‘Unmasking’ Allegations, Likely Thrilling the White House: WATCH Former national security adviser Susan Rice told MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell on Tuesday that while it was sometimes necessary to unmask certain individuals in intelligence reports, it was not done for political purposes. “The allegation is th… Read Alex Jones Explodes in Expletive-Laden Homophobic Tirade at Rep. Adam Schiff: WATCH Alt-right conspiracy theorist Alex Jones and Trump phone call recipient Alex Jones exploded in a homophobic rage at House Intel Committee Democrat Rep. Adam Schiff, Media Matters reports, with transcript: ROGER STONE: What we’re hearing from the Demo… Read George Michael ‘Sexual Freedom Party’ to be Held at London Park Where He Used to Cruise Men A “Sexual Freedom Party” in honor of George Michael is being planned for April 8 on Hampstead Heath, the London park and well-known gay cruising area where Michael used to pick up men. The party was announced by the Camden LGBT Forum and… Read ‘Strike A Pose,’ ‘The Get Down’, ‘Real Housewives of New York City, and More TV This Week Check out our weekly guide to TV this week, and make sure you’re catching the big premieres, crucial episodes and the stuff you won’t admit you watch when no one’s looking. Our favorite Real Housewives are back when Bethenny, LuAnn, Ramona, Sonja, Ca… Read Phenomenal ‘Jurassic Parkour’ Features the Most Acrobatic T-Rex Chase of All Time: WATCH Jurassic Park superfan and director Devin Graham shot his own special sequel to the famed franchise using two extremely talented parkour athletes, one of whom had to do all the stunts wearing a T-Rex costume, and it’s entertaining as hell. The… Read Most Commented Hot Reads Neil Gorsuch is Trump’s Terrible, No Good Nominee for the Supreme Court: An Analysis 2017 Resolutions All Gay Men Should Consider Comedian Eric Andre: The Gay Interview Straight Journalist Cruises Grindr at the Olympics, Outs Athletes From Anti-Gay Countries There Was a ‘Gays for Trump’ Party at the RNC and It Was Absolutely Insane – VIDEOS, PHOTOS Frank Ocean Pens Emotional Response to Orlando Shooting Noah Galvin From ‘The Real O’Neals’ On Sitcoms, Subversiveness, and Dan Savage: INTERVIEW Michelle Visage Spills The T On ‘Drag Race,’ ‘Big Brother’ and the Election — INTERVIEW Pietro Boselli’s Hard, Wet Ride in a Speedo – LOOK Today's News Jump To Day: Choose Federal Appeals Court Issues Landmark Ruling: 1964 Civil Rights Act Protects LGBT Employees from Discrimination House Intel Committee Member Joaquin Castro: ‘People Will Probably Go to Jail’ When Trump-Russia Inquiry Concludes – WATCH Ivanka’s Neighbor, John McCain, Subway Hero, Bill O’Reilly, Grizzly Bear, Erik Prince, Bette Midler: HOT LINKS Heath Ledger Documentary Debuts Official Trailer on What Would Have Been His 38th Birthday: WATCH Max Emerson and Andres Camilo’s Gay Army Prom Photos are Uniformly Romantic Susan Rice Compelled to Respond to ‘Unmasking’ Allegations, Likely Thrilling the White House: WATCH Alex Jones Explodes in Expletive-Laden Homophobic Tirade at Rep. Adam Schiff: WATCH George Michael ‘Sexual Freedom Party’ to be Held at London Park Where He Used to Cruise Men ‘Strike A Pose,’ ‘The Get Down’, ‘Real Housewives of New York City, and More TV This Week Phenomenal ‘Jurassic Parkour’ Features the Most Acrobatic T-Rex Chase of All Time: WATCH Human Rights Campaign and Equality NC Slam NCAA for Caving on HB2 Repeal NCAA Caves to North Carolina After False Repeal of HB2, ‘Reluctantly’ Agrees to Consider Bids from State Federal Appeals Court Hears Heinous Mississippi Anti-LGBT ‘Religious Freedom’ Case Bob Harper Speaks Out About Massive Heart Attack: ‘I am Not Sweating the Small Things Anymore’ – WATCH Trump’s Pick for Army Secretary is Main Sponsor of Anti-LGBT Legislation in Tennessee Rachel Maddow Unpacks News That a Trump Adviser Was Recruited by Russian Spies…with a Jared Kushner Twist: WATCH ‘Amélie’ Musical Wanders onto Broadway, Checking Magic at the Door: REVIEW Share This Share3.3k Like3.3k Read Politics Travel Film Theatre Television Science Law – LGBT Rights Columns Specials About Advertise Contact Us About Towleroad Contributors Towleroad on Social Media Privacy Policy Follow Us © 2014 Towleroad. All Rights Reserved.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Politics Susan Rice DENIES Ordering Intel Community To Produce ‘Spreadsheets’ Involving Trump [VIDEO] Christian Datoc Reporter 12:23 PM 04/04/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5572504 Susan Rice, President Obama’s former national security advisor, totally denied reports that she ordered intelligence officials to “spy” on members of the Trump team in order to specifically “expose them” during a Tuesday interview with MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell. “Within the context of the Trump campaign, the Trump transition, did you seek the names of people involved in — to unmask the names of people involved in the Trump transition, the Trump campaign, the people surrounding the president-elect in order to spy on them and expose them?” Mitchell first posed. WATCH: “Let me be absolutely clear,” Rice responded. “Absolutely not for any political purposes, to spy, to expose, for anything.” “Did you leak the name of Mike Flynn?” Mitchell pushed onward. Is Susan Rice Lying?   Yes         No        Completing this poll entitles you to Daily Caller news updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. “I never leaked nothing to nobody and never have and never would,” Rice answered with a laugh. Mitchell would go on to point to reporting from The Daily Caller, alleging Rice specifically ordered intelligence officers to produce “detailed spreadsheets” involving Donald Trump and his aides, which Rice also denied. (FORMER US ATTORNEY: Rice Ordered Spy Agencies To Produce ‘Detailed Spreadsheets’ Involving Trump) “Absolutely false,” she answered. “No spreadsheet, nothing of the sort.” “The notion that which some people are trying to suggest that by asking for the identity of an American person is the same as leaking it is totally false.” UPDATE 1:30 pm, EST: Joe DiGenova, the former U.S. attorney who first told TheDC of Rice’s alleged spreadsheets responded to her Tuesday interview with a brief statement: “That would come as quite a surprise to the government officials who have reviewed dozens of those spreadsheets.” Follow Datoc on Twitter and Facebook Tags: Andrea Mitchell, Barack Obama, Donald Trump, Elections 2016, MSNBC, Russia, Susan Rice Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Latest News Dow 20,689 +39.03 +0.19% Nasdaq 5,899 +3.93 +0.07% S&P 500 2,360 +1.32 +0.06% 3:00 A.M. ET Meet the drug addicts and gang members making $2500 handbags 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens flat at 5,102.07 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,342.51 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens flat at 380.11 2:28 A.M. ET BMW, Glaxo, Allstate pull Bill O'Reilly show ads 2:27 A.M. ET Syngenta-ChemChina deal gets FTC approval 2:27 A.M. ET DCC buys Shell's Hong Kong LPG unit; CEO to leave 2:25 A.M. ET BHP Billiton: Force majeure at Aussie coal mines 12:58 A.M. ET Oil prices hold four-week high on bullish data 12:52 A.M. ET North Korea Missile launch prompts more yen buying 4/04 Asian markets perk up amid rising commodity prices 4/04 Bill O'Reilly's advertiser exodus continues 4/04 Updated What Uber drivers can teach America about work-life balance 4/04 Updated This is how many U.S. jobs robots will create over the next 10 years 4/04 Updated Amazon’s next customer: Americans who don’t have a bank account 4/04 Updated Half of American families are desperately living paycheck to paycheck 4/04 Updated 6 unusual things to do with your body after you die 4/04 Ex-Trump adviser Carter Page says Russian spies tried to recruit him 4/04 Pepsi faces backlash to ‘tone-deaf’ protest commercial 4/04 Consumers in line for $70 million in refunds after Amazon, FTC settlement Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Hogan Lovells Strengthens Global M&A and Technology Transactions Practice with High-Profile Northern California Team of Climan, Flaum, Ross and Brockland By Published: Apr 4, 2017 11:43 a.m. ET Share MENLO PARK, Calif. & SAN FRANCISCO, Apr 04, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- International law firm Hogan Lovells today announced it will add high-profile M&A partners Richard Climan, Keith Flaum and Jane Ross, and IP and Technology Transactions partner John Brockland to its global corporate team. Climan and Flaum will join the global leadership teams within Hogan Lovells’ corporate practice. Highly regarded in Silicon Valley and globally, Climan, Flaum, Ross and Brockland have worked together for nearly 20 years. Over that period, the team has handled some of the most significant transactions in the technology and life sciences sectors, having worked with companies such as Adobe, Ant Financial, Applied Materials, eBay, Facebook, Gilead Sciences, Intel, Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Oracle, Qorvo and Synopsys. The team advises major technology, life sciences and other companies on complex and significant transactions, including advising on multi-billion dollar acquisitions of publicly traded companies on a regular basis. While Climan, Flaum, and Ross lead the team’s M&A work, Brockland focuses on the development, transfer, and licensing of technology and intellectual property assets. Recent work carried out by the team includes Facebook’s acquisition of WhatsApp for US$16bn; the successful defense of Illumina against Roche’s US$6.2bn hostile takeover attempt; more than 25 acquisitions for Adobe, eBay, Intel, Oracle, and Synopsys; and the US$2bn sale of the Los Angeles Dodgers to a buyout group led by Guggenheim Partners. “We have a strategic focus on advising clients on transactions with a regulatory or industry specific component,” said Hogan Lovells CEO Steve Immelt. “We are excited to have this team of lawyers join us in Northern California, as they have represented market leading technology and life sciences companies on many of their most significant transactions. Their well-earned reputation, relationships, and market profile will expand our presence in one of the most active markets for corporate transactions and illustrates a focus on strengthening our M&A capabilities in key markets in the U.S. and globally.” Climan, Flaum, Ross, and Brockland will join Hogan Lovells from Weil, Gotshal & Manges and will be based in the firm’s Menlo Park and San Francisco offices. “This team’s reputation is world class, and with Hogan Lovells, they will join a strong global M&A team with a track record of success, as part of a sustained drive to enhance our corporate M&A capabilities in key markets throughout the world,” said David Gibbons, Global Head of the firm’s Corporate Practice Group. “As more and more companies across a wide range of market sectors put disruptive technology at the heart of their business strategy and operations, this group’s deep understanding of M&A and the technology and life sciences sectors will prove invaluable.” In addition to the team’s client work, which ranks them among the premier M&A/Corporate practices in California, the group has a long history of involvement in the local legal community. Their M&A forums in Silicon Valley are well known, as are their presentations, lectures, and trainings at top law schools around the country. About the lawyers: Richard Climan: One of the most well-known M&A lawyers in the country, Climan has extensive experience advising on mergers, divestitures, leveraged buy-outs, and cross-border transactions, in addition to corporate governance and general corporate matters. He was listed as one of the 100 most influential lawyers in America by The National Law Journal, was named one of the 10 most highly regarded Corporate Governance lawyers worldwide and one of the seven most highly regarded M&A lawyers in North America in 2016 by Who’s Who Legal, and is ranked in Band 1 for Northern California Corporate/M&A in Chambers USA. Climan earned his A.B. from Harvard College and his J.D. from Harvard Law School. Keith Flaum: In addition to Flaum’s work representing public and private companies on wide range of transactional matters, including acquisitions of publicly traded companies and cross-border acquisition transactions and joint ventures, he also advises boards and special committees on fiduciary duties in the M&A context. In 2016, he was recognized as a “Trailblazer” in M&A by The National Law Journal and a “Life Science Star” by the LMG Life Sciences Guide. He is ranked Band 1 for Northern California Corporate/M&A in Chambers USA. Flaum earned his B.A. from UCLA and his J.D. from UC Davis School of Law. Jane Ross: Ross represents buyers and sellers of public and private companies, particularly in the information technology and life sciences sectors. She has extensive experience handling cross-border transactions and complex cross-border joint ventures. In 2015, Ross was named “Best in M&A” by Euromoney’s Women in Business Law Awards. Ross is ranked Band 3 for California Corporate/M&A in Chambers USA. From McGill University, she earned her B. Com, an LL.B., and a B.C.L. John Brockland: Brockland focuses on strategic and commercial transactions involving the development, transfer, and licensing of technology and intellectual property assets. He has represented companies in a variety of industries, such as software, semiconductor, internet, renewable energy, and healthcare. Brockland has been ranked as a leading lawyer for IT & Outsourcing by Chambers USA and Chambers Global. He is ranked Band 1 in California — IT & Outsourcing: Transactions. He earned his B.A. from Trinity University and his J.D. from the University of Chicago Law School. About Hogan Lovells Hogan Lovells is a leading global legal practice providing business-oriented legal advice and high-quality service across its exceptional breadth of practices to clients around the world. “Hogan Lovells” or the “firm” is an international legal practice that includes Hogan Lovells US LLP and Hogan Lovells International LLP. For more information, see www.hoganlovells.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170404006094/en/ SOURCE: Hogan Lovells Hogan Lovells Robert Snoddy Public Relations Manager +1 202 637 6826 robert.snoddy@hoganlovells.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular Payless Shoesource files for Chapter 11, will close nearly 400 stores Pepsi faces backlash to ‘tone-deaf’ protest commercial Here’s one reason to be bearish on Tesla This is what scares Nobel Prize-winning economist Robert Shiller about the economy Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Akitio Gearing up for NAB with New Thunderbolt™ 3 Devices News provided by Akitio Apr 04, 2017, 09:43 ET Share this article BREA, Calif., April 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Akitio continues to lead the way in Thunderbolt technology and has several new product releases planned for the 2017 National Association of Broadcasters show (NAB) later this month. Akitio, which already has more Thunderbolt products on the market than any other brand will be adding to their already impressive Thunderbolt product lineup that currently includes 1Bay, 2Bay and 4Bay Thunderbolt storage products, the extremely affordable Node eGPU Box as well as several other products such as their popular Thunderbolt2 and 3 PCIe boxes, docking stations, Thunderbolt3 cables and 10 Gig Network Adapter. New products that Akitio plans to introduce at NAB include a long PCIe box, a Thunderbolt3 10G Network Adapter, a Thunderbolt3 docking station as well as revised versions of their popular Thunderbolt3 storage products that will be compatible with both Windows and the new 2016 MacBook Pro line-up of computers. Akitio Thunderbolt3 Storage Products "At Akitio, our mission, as a preferred Intel Thunderbolt developer, is to help Intel bring Thunderbolt mainstream by creating the types of devices that owners of the new 2016 Apple MacBook Pro and new Thunderbolt3 PC's need and want." said Richard Wright, VP of Sales & Marketing for Akitio.  "Our goal is to continue to provide high quality products that are also affordable but most importantly we want to create products that will make the lives of our customers better and easier. We were proud to deliver the industry's first Thunderbolt3 external storage devices and we will continue to develop new and exciting products to meet the gaming, virtual reality, post production and professional needs of our customers." Akitio will have a fantastic presence at this year's NAB Show with products displayed at several locations throughout the NAB venue. The main Akitio booth is located in the LVCC south lower hall at space #13417. Akitio will also have a kiosk in the Intel sponsored Thunderbolt Community and will have Akitio products displayed in the Intel Thunderbolt Airstream trailer located near the entrance to the show as well as the Intel booth and booths of other Akitio partners. Interested in teaming up with Akitio to develop your own brand of Thunderbolt products or to become an Akitio reseller? Contact Akitio at sales@akitio.com It all starts with Akitio! *Thunderbolt and the Thunderbolt logo are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. *Intel and the Intel logo are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/akitio-gearing-up-for-nab-with-new-thunderbolt-3-devices-300434211.html SOURCE Akitio Related Links https://www.akitio.com Jan 11, 2017, 15:58 ET Preview: Akitio Thunder3 Quad Mini -- World's First 2.5" 4-Bay Thunderbolt™3 Storage Device for MacOS X and Windows My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 11, 2017, 15:58 ETAkitio Thunder3 Quad Mini -- World's First 2.5" 4-Bay... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Networks New Products & Services Trade Show News You just read: Akitio Gearing up for NAB with New Thunderbolt™ 3 Devices News provided by Akitio Apr 04, 2017, 09:43 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 20,689 +39.03 +0.19% Nasdaq 5,899 +3.93 +0.07% S&P 500 2,360 +1.32 +0.06% 3:00 A.M. ET Meet the drug addicts and gang members making $2500 handbags 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens flat at 5,102.07 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,342.51 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens flat at 380.11 2:28 A.M. ET BMW, Glaxo, Allstate pull Bill O'Reilly show ads 2:27 A.M. ET Syngenta-ChemChina deal gets FTC approval 2:27 A.M. ET DCC buys Shell's Hong Kong LPG unit; CEO to leave 2:25 A.M. ET BHP Billiton: Force majeure at Aussie coal mines 12:58 A.M. ET Oil prices hold four-week high on bullish data 12:52 A.M. ET North Korea Missile launch prompts more yen buying 4/04 Asian markets perk up amid rising commodity prices 4/04 Bill O'Reilly's advertiser exodus continues 4/04 Updated What Uber drivers can teach America about work-life balance 4/04 Updated This is how many U.S. jobs robots will create over the next 10 years 4/04 Updated Amazon’s next customer: Americans who don’t have a bank account 4/04 Updated Half of American families are desperately living paycheck to paycheck 4/04 Updated 6 unusual things to do with your body after you die 4/04 Ex-Trump adviser Carter Page says Russian spies tried to recruit him 4/04 Pepsi faces backlash to ‘tone-deaf’ protest commercial 4/04 Consumers in line for $70 million in refunds after Amazon, FTC settlement Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Akitio Gearing up for NAB with New Thunderbolt™ 3 Devices By Published: Apr 4, 2017 9:43 a.m. ET Share BREA, Calif., April 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Akitio continues to lead the way in Thunderbolt technology and has several new product releases planned for the 2017 National Association of Broadcasters show (NAB) later this month. Akitio, which already has more Thunderbolt products on the market than any other brand will be adding to their already impressive Thunderbolt product lineup that currently includes 1Bay, 2Bay and 4Bay Thunderbolt storage products, the extremely affordable Node eGPU Box as well as several other products such as their popular Thunderbolt2 and 3 PCIe boxes, docking stations, Thunderbolt3 cables and 10 Gig Network Adapter. New products that Akitio plans to introduce at NAB include a long PCIe box, a Thunderbolt3 10G Network Adapter, a Thunderbolt3 docking station as well as revised versions of their popular Thunderbolt3 storage products that will be compatible with both Windows and the new 2016 MacBook Pro line-up of computers. "At Akitio, our mission, as a preferred Intel Thunderbolt developer, is to help Intel bring Thunderbolt mainstream by creating the types of devices that owners of the new 2016 Apple MacBook Pro and new Thunderbolt3 PC's need and want." said Richard Wright, VP of Sales & Marketing for Akitio.  "Our goal is to continue to provide high quality products that are also affordable but most importantly we want to create products that will make the lives of our customers better and easier. We were proud to deliver the industry's first Thunderbolt3 external storage devices and we will continue to develop new and exciting products to meet the gaming, virtual reality,post production and professional needs of our customers." Akitio will have a fantastic presence at this year's NAB Show with products displayed at several locations throughout the NAB venue. The main Akitio booth is located in the LVCC south lower hall at space #13417. Akitio will also have a kiosk in the Intel sponsored Thunderbolt Community and will have Akitio products displayed in the Intel Thunderbolt Airstream trailer located near the entrance to the show as well as the Intel booth and booths of other Akitio partners. Interested in teaming up with Akitio to develop your own brand of Thunderbolt products or to become an Akitio reseller? Contact Akitio at sales@akitio.com It all starts with Akitio! *Thunderbolt and the Thunderbolt logo are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. *Intel and the Intel logo are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/akitio-gearing-up-for-nab-with-new-thunderbolt-3-devices-300434211.html SOURCE Akitio Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Payless Shoesource files for Chapter 11, will close nearly 400 stores Pepsi faces backlash to ‘tone-deaf’ protest commercial Here’s one reason to be bearish on Tesla This is what scares Nobel Prize-winning economist Robert Shiller about the economy Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Akitio Gearing up for NAB with New Thunderbolt™ 3 Devices BREA, Calif., April 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Akitio continues to lead the way in Thunderbolt technology and has several new product releases planned for the 2017 National Association of Broadcasters show (NAB) later this month. Akitio, which already has more Thunderbolt products on the market than any other brand will be adding to their already impressive Thunderbolt product lineup that currently includes 1Bay, 2Bay and 4Bay Thunderbolt storage products, the extremely affordable Node eGPU Box as well as several other products such as their popular Thunderbolt2 and 3 PCIe boxes, docking stations, Thunderbolt3 cables and 10 Gig Network Adapter. New products that Akitio plans to introduce at NAB include a long PCIe box, a Thunderbolt3 10G Network Adapter, a Thunderbolt3 docking station as well as revised versions of their popular Thunderbolt3 storage products that will be compatible with both Windows and the new 2016 MacBook Pro line-up of computers. „At Akitio, our mission, as a preferred Intel Thunderbolt developer, is to help Intel bring Thunderbolt mainstream by creating the types of devices that owners of the new 2016 Apple MacBook Pro and new Thunderbolt3 PC’s need and want.” said Richard Wright, VP of Sales & Marketing for Akitio.  „Our goal is to continue to provide high quality products that are also affordable but most importantly we want to create products that will make the lives of our customers better and easier. We were proud to deliver the industry’s first Thunderbolt3 external storage devices and we will continue to develop new and exciting products to meet the gaming, virtual reality, post production and professional needs of our customers.” Akitio will have a fantastic presence at this year’s NAB Show with products displayed at several locations throughout the NAB venue. The main Akitio booth is located in the LVCC south lower hall at space #13417. Akitio will also have a kiosk in the Intel sponsored Thunderbolt Community and will have Akitio products displayed in the Intel Thunderbolt Airstream trailer located near the entrance to the show as well as the Intel booth and booths of other Akitio partners. Interested in teaming up with Akitio to develop your own brand of Thunderbolt products or to become an Akitio reseller? Contact Akitio at sales@akitio.com It all starts with Akitio! *Thunderbolt and the Thunderbolt logo are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. *Intel and the Intel logo are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. SOURCE Akitio CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services, Trade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hard Rock Releases City-Specific Apparel Online For First Time Ever Next PostNext EDOF Announces Partnership with FreezMate to Provide Heated and Cooling Mattresses to Syrian Refugees Search Recent Posts IQF Fruits and Vegetables Market,2015-2025 by Segmentation Based on Product, Application and Region Shock Wave Therapy Devices Sales Market Report 2017-2022 Focuses On Top Companies, Research Methodology, Drivers and Opportunities Progressing Cavity Pumps Sales Market 2022: New Business Opportunities for Manufactures to Upsurge in Coming Years APAC Broadcasting Equipment Market to be Worth US $5,104.8 Million by 2024 Prenatal Vitamins Supplements Sales Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Wednesday, April 05, 2017 As of 4:45 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology Asus ROG Strix GD30 gaming PC launches: New desktop is customisable internally and externally By Alvin Alcalde @ULB1N on April 04 2017 11:53 PM 0 0 0 0 The Asus ROG Strix GD30 gaming PC packs up to the latest 7th generation Intel Core i7 processor and Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 graphics card. Asus/Republic of Gamers Asus has launched a new gaming PC called the ROG Strix GD30. The new desktop, which features a sleek black-and-white design with swappable front panels that can be attached or detached in any assortment for six possible styles, packs up to the latest 7th generation Intel Core i7 processor and Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 graphics. The Asus ROG Strix GD30 boasts of intelligent thermal system that features large front and underside air vents, which provide better airflow and more effective cooling. An isolated, inner covered power supply chamber is also included to further boost the system’s efficiency. The new Republic of Gamers PC has interchangeable front panels that allow users to customise the system to suit their own taste. Asus says the whole concept is “inspired by futurism, space travel, science fiction and cyberpunk themes.” To make the gaming setup organised, an integrated and detachable hanger can be used for keeping a pair of headphones within reach at all times. With the Strix GD30, users can expand and upgrade whenever they please. There’s more than enough space internally for up to six HDDs, five fans, two SSDs and a water-cooling solution. And of course, an Asus gaming desktop can’t do without RGB lighting, which the new ROG system takes to a whole new level. “Asus Aura RGB lighting lets gamers further stylise their system with a choice of over eight million colours and multiple effects,” says the Taipei-based computer hardware and electronics titan. “The motherboard can display pulsing or static effects in a single colour or up to ten colours in a continuous cycle, and the cooling fans are even ringed with red LEDs that provide a bold accent.” The Asus ROG Strix GD30 gaming desktop features a sleek black-and-white design with interchangeable front panels.  Asus/Republic of Gamers The ROG Strix GD30 houses up to the latest 7th generation Intel Core i7 processor with Turbo Boost, which delivers clock speeds reaching up to 4.2 GHz (up to 10 percent faster than previous generations). It also equips up to the latest Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 graphics cards to take on the most robust of games. The GD30 also includes the exclusive Asus Aegis III software, which improves gaming experiences by allowing users to not only monitor CPU and memory usage, but control fan speeds and RGB lighting effects as well. Official release and pricing details of the Asus ROG Strix GD30 have yet to be made, so those who want to purchase one will have to wait. Stay connected with IBTimes Australia for updates. Asus ROG Strix GD30 gaming desktop specs Processor: Intel Core i5-7400 / Intel Core i7-7700 Operating system: Windows 10 Graphics card: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 2 GB (1 HDMI, 1 DVI, 1 DP) / NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 6 GB (2 HDMI, 1 DVI, 2 DP) / NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 8 GB (2 HDMI, 1 DVI, 2 DP) / NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 8 GB (2 HDMI, 1 DVI, 2 DP) Chipset: Intel H270 Memory: Up to 32 GB DDR4 2400 MHz (slot*4) Storage: Up to 3 TB SATA 6 Gbps HDD (7200 RPM) / Up to 512 GB SATA3 2.5” SSD / Up to 512 GB PCIe M.2 SSD / Up to 512 GB SATA M.2 SSD Optical drive: DVD-ROM, DVD-RW Wireless: IEEE 802.11 ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth® 4.1 Audio: High Definition 7.1 Channel (Sonic Studio III) Connectivity (Front): 2 x USB 2.0 / 2 x USB 3.1 Gen 1 / 1 x MIC / 1 x Headphone / 1 x 6-in-1 card reader Connectivity (Rear): 2 x USB 2.0 / 4 x USB 3.1 Gen 1 / 1 x USB 3.1 Type-C (Support 3A/5V) / 1 x RJ45 LAN / 1 x 7.1-channel audio / Reserve HDMI layout Size: 230 x 550 x 540 mm Weight: 17 kg RELATED STORIES: Razer Blade Pro 2017 specs, price and release details: The world's first THX certified gaming laptop MSI Trident 3 Arctic specs, price and release details: Frosty limited edition gaming PC is world’s smallest VR-ready system Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related MSI officially unveils GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X card Corsair One and Corsair One Pro specs, details and prices Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Coal markets in Asia affected 0 Shares 2 Australia steps up measures to detect and deter sharks 0 Shares 3 Large-scale solar projects on the rise 0 Shares 4 Politicians divided over cannabis legalisation 0 Shares 5 MACA preferred tenderer for earthworks project 0 Shares 6 London tech startup aims to disrupt the digital rewards and loyalty landscape 0 Shares 7 Marine animals perish due to microplastics 0 Shares 8 'Outlander' season 3: First scenes revealed in new Starz video 0 Shares 9 Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus telco plans Down Under 0 Shares 10 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Katheryn Winnick photo suggests Lagertha isn’t going away soon 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Woolworths: Pick date to pack date for supermarket produce Amazon to collect sales tax in Hawaii, Idaho, Maine and New Mexico on April 1 Spotify acquires MightyTV, helps users decide what to watch European retailer TK Maxx chose 303 MullenLowe Salim Mehajer faces two charges in a 24-hour period Volkswagen to sell diesel-powered cars in the US More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Cyclone Debbie affects coal exports Salim Mehajer faces two charges in a 24-hour period $1B solar farm project to create jobs China, the Philippines to hold talks over South China Sea Melania Trump criticised in first lady portrait, petition for her to move to the White House gets 500,000 signatures MACA preferred tenderer for earthworks project More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East NBA News: Carmelo Anthony, Phil Jackson expected to talk trade after the season Golden State Warriors vs Minnesota Timberwolves live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time Davis Cup: Team USA look to exploit emotional Nick Kyrgios in quarter-final NBA Trade: Carmelo Anthony could join Damian Lillard, C.J. McCollum and the Trail Blazers next season Roger Federer, Bill Gates to team up for Africa charity game NFL News: Adrian Peterson, New England Patriots partnership looking bleak More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Banks lose fight on Apple Pay Stanford University scientists devise disease-diagnosing microchip 'Club Penguin Island' is now available for Android and iOS devices 'Destiny 2' is pegged for a September release Dell Wyse 3040 thin client specs and price: New entry-level thin unit is pretty small, light and powerful Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus telco plans Down Under More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design ‘Winds of Winter’ theory and spoilers: Qyburn’s agenda 'Preacher' season 2 trailer hints at comic book villains ‘Outlander’ season 3 spoilers: Jamie’s bow and arrow teased ‘Rick and Morty’ season 3 was released for April Fool's 'Spider-Man: Homecoming' star urges for a Venom showdown The Voice UK 2017 winner is Mo Adeniran: Find out about his journey to the winning spot More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Datrium Introduces Data Cloud Software and DVX Rackscale Systems SUNNYVALE, Calif., April 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Datrium, the leading provider of Open Converged Infrastructure for private clouds, today announced Data Cloud software, a suite of scalable, secure cloud data management tools, integrated with its award-winning Datrium DVX Open Convergence platform. The company also announced DVX Rackscale systems, providing virtualization administrators turnkey systems to speed infrastructure deployment and simplify end-to-end support. Private clouds are changing significantly in response to increasing use of public clouds.  Infrastructure modernization is re-focusing on reducing complexity for virtualization administrators, so traditional systems, including storage arrays, are declining in favor of converged infrastructure approaches. In addition, organizations are relying more heavily on their converged systems for richer data management so administrators have a more cloud-like experience managing infrastructure. Where the goal used to be best-of-breed hardware, now it's become a race to effortless. Effortless Infrastructure Datrium introduced turnkey DVX Rackscale systems to further simplify webscale or tier 1 private cloud infrastructure deployments. The new Rackscale systems combine DVX Data Nodes with new DVX Compute Nodes, available with either 16 Core Intel® Xeon® E5-2620 v4 2.1GHz processors or 28 Core Intel® Xeon® E5-2680 v4 2.4GHz processors, and pre-configured with up to 768GB RAM, 8 SSDs and DVX Software. DVX Rackscale configurations can start as small as a single DVX Compute Node and Data Node, and can scale-out to 32 compute nodes per DVX Data Node. Unlike hyperconverged infrastructure, DVX Rackscale systems offer automatic performance isolation, robust security, and accommodate mix-and-match of DVX Compute Nodes with third party compute nodes running DVX Software. The new Rackscale systems are available with end-to-end Datrium Support which provides advanced 24x7 call home and analytics capabilities. "At Panda Energy, we were looking for a combination of application performance with secondary storage economics, all while reducing deployment and maintenance time," said Darel Stokes, IT director at Panda Energy. "When we looked at hyperconverged systems, the rip-and-replace of our server infrastructure was going to be a nightmare. With the new rack-scale DVX, we can get the simplicity of turnkey, rack-scale infrastructure while being able to integrate our existing servers—there is nothing else like it in the market." Extending Effortless to the Network To further simplify rackscale operation and avoid switch configuration where possible, Datrium systems now include innovative Adaptive Pathing software. As networks also move toward commoditization, reducing operator learning curves mean less complexity and better change control. Using Datrium's end-to-end path awareness, top-of-rack switches no longer need settings such as LACP or MC-LAG for advanced multipath availability and link-aggregated bandwidth. And it needs no configuration settings – it's always on.  "As enterprises move increasingly in the direction of hybrid cloud environments, we are seeing the evolution of new architectures that are better able to deliver on customer expectations about cloud flexibility, economic and ease of use advantages," said Eric Burgener, research director Storage, at IDC. "Datrium is unique in the industry for having pioneered a new approach to convergence that fully supports the flexibility benefits of the disaggregated server-storage model, and with Data Cloud is delivering a more cloud-optimized version that will initially support private clouds but lays the foundation for their multi-cloud data management vision." Effortless, Integrated Multi-Cloud Data Management Datrium Data Cloud software builds on the application-centric ease of Datrium's Open Converged Infrastructure to further collapse the systems administration burden of legacy data management products common to SANs and traditional converged infrastructure. Datrium's end-to-end deduplication, compression, erasure coding and Blanket Encryption provide the ideal platform for integrating these functions. Data Cloud extends the Datrium platform to integrate functions normally found in third party backup, DR, copy data management and archiving products: Dynamic Policy Management for VM-based Data Management Datrium Protection Groups dynamically bind arbitrary collections of VM, vDisk and file (e.g. templates, ISOs) objects and apply scheduling, retention and replication policies. A Protection Group can include any quantity of objects and even supports overlapping objects with other Protection Groups. Finally, all objects within a Protection Group can be snapped at the same IO moment across hosts for data consistency. To scale, protection group policies are dynamic and inherit all new VMs that fit naming wildcards. Copy Data Management for DevOps In one click or a simple CLI script, VMs can be cloned from existing or snapshot VMs or PGs. Test environments can be quickly cloned from full production builds with minimal capacity and without performance impact, accelerating software development and improving the quality of the result. VM-Centric Backup and Restore Based on Datrium redirect-on-write (RoW) snapshots, backups are granular (vDisk and file level), incorporate dynamic policy management, and include a searchable catalog called a Snapstore. A Datrium system can support hundreds of thousands of VM snapshots. LUN-snap-style browsing for recovery can't work at this scale, so a Snapstore catalog provides simple, quick searchability. Disaster Recovery (DR) and Offsite Archiving Based on Datrium's WAN-optimized Elastic Replication, production data can be protected with snapshot–based asynchronous replication capable of providing up to 48 recovery points per day per Protection Group. Replication performance scales elastically with the number of hosts configured. Minimal host overhead is required since only data-reduced snapshot deltas are sent from host flash. Elastic Replication is also fault-tolerant. Unlike HCI-based replication, which stops if a small number of hosts are down, Datrium replication continues even if only a single host remains online. The software also supports 1-to-many, many-to-1, and bidirectional replication topologies. Secure Public Cloud Archiving In a subsequent version of Data Cloud, the company will offer replication to Amazon Web Services (AWS). Based on Elastic Replication, this flexible, secure cloud-based archive will leverage the same on-wire data reduction as well as Blanket Encryption for end-to-end data security between private and public cloud data centers. "At Neovera, we manage over a petabyte of data and are always looking for better ways to secure, protect and manage that data for our customers. Honestly, we thought we had seen it all in cloud data management until we tried Datrium Data Cloud," said Scott Weinberg, CEO and founder at Neovera. "Datrium has integrated everything we need in one platform to both run our key performance-intensive workloads as well as handle the data management activities our clients demand. And the copy granularity and policy automation will save us time and improve client uptime." "Datrium is moving Open Convergence mainstream by making infrastructure effortless for the VM administrator," said Brian Biles, CEO of Datrium. "While the hyperconvergence landscape is now more about M&A than innovation, Datrium is rapidly evolving a vastly better, turnkey rackscale private cloud with rich, deeply integrated and scalable cloud data management. And it's still early in the year." Pricing and Availability Data Cloud Foundation which includes snapshots, Snapstore, Policy Groups policy templating and search, are available today at no additional charge with any DVX system running DVX Software v2.0. Elastic Replication and previously announced Blanket Encryption are available today at no additional charge with any DVX system running DVX Software v2.0. Elastic Replication support for Secure Archiving to AWS is planned for release by March 2018, with pricing to be announced at that time. DVX Rackscale systems are available today, with U.S. list pricing starting at $118K and includes Datrium v2.0 software. [BLOG] 3 Challenges Blocking The Rise Of Cloud Data Management [VIDEO] Datrium CTO Talks Data Cloud Vision [VIDEO] Datrium Founders Review Data Cloud Capabilities [BROADCAST] Datrium Data Cloud Launch About Datrium Datrium is the leader in Open Convergence for private clouds. Datrium converges storage and compute in a radical new way—modeled on public cloud IaaS versus traditional converged infrastructure or hyper-convergence—for vastly simpler performance and predictability. The company is led by the founders and early top architects of Data Domain and VMware. Datrium has been named to Gartner's Cool Vendors in Storage Technologies, 2016. For more information, visit www.datrium.com and follow @datriumstorage on Twitter.   SOURCE Datrium CategoriesUncategorized TagsComputer Software, Computer/ Electronics, High Tech Security, Internet Technology, Networks, New Products/Services, Semantic Web Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NANOBIOTIX : Nanobiotix expands its clinical development in Head and Neck cancer and Immuno-Oncology ; new clinical data to be presented at ASCO Next PostNext Hydrodynamic Couplings Market Poised to Expand at a Robust Pace Search Recent Posts Eisai Presents Data of Mechanisms of Action Relating to Tumor Immune Response Regarding Combination of Anticancer Agent Lenvatinib With Anti-PD-1 Antibody at AACR 108th Annual Meeting Eisai and Meiji Enter Into Licensing Agreement Concerning Parkinson’s Disease Drug Safinamide in Japan and Asia AAPA Elects Steve Cernak As Its 2017-18 Board Chairman AAPA Elects Steve Cernak As Its 2017-18 Board Chairman Tigerpaw Software Modernizes Managed Print Services Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / M&A Activity / McAfee Relaunches as Independent Security Company McAfee Relaunches as Independent Security Company Jane Edwards April 4, 2017 M&A Activity, News 195 Views McAfee has officially launched as a stand-alone cybersecurity firm after Intel (Nasdaq: INTC) completed the spinoff of the latter’s security business through an approximately $4.2 billion deal with private equity firm TPG. Chris Young, a senior vice president and general manager at Intel, will serve as CEO of McAfee and Bryan Taylor, a partner at TPG, will be chairman of the board, McAfee said Tuesday. Intel owns 49 percent of the relaunched security business while private equity firm Thoma Bravo agreed with TPG to serve as a minority investor in the entity. McAfee operates with approximately 7,500 employees and looks to expand its security platforms to help clients detect and respond to cyber threats as well as capture new operational, technology and financial investments to seek growth opportunities in the global cybersecurity market. Young said McAfee will work to combine technology with people and organizations to help counter cyber adversaries. Allen & Co. and Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom respectively served as Intel’s financial and legal advisers in the transaction. Morgan Stanley & Co., UBS Investment Bank, Goldman Sachs and RBC Capital Markets acted as financial advisers to TPG and Thoma Bravo. Ropes & Gray and Kirkland & Ellis respectively acted as legal advisers to TPG and Thoma Bravo on the deal. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags Allen & Co. Bryan Taylor Chris Young cybersecurity featured Goldman Sachs govcon Intel Intel Security investment Kirkland & Ellis McAfee Morgan Stanley & Co. RBC Capital Markets Ropes & Gray Skadden Arps Slate Meagher & Flom Thoma Bravo TPG UBS Investment Bank Related Articles April 4 Market Close: GovCon Index and Markets Close Slightly Positive April 4, 2017 BAE’s US Subsidiary to Sustain Army Recovery Vehicles Under Potential $112M Award April 4, 2017 Kay Kapoor Named President of AT&T’s Newly Formed Global Public Sector Business April 4, 2017 Check Also John Heller: PAE Eyes Govt Services Portfolio Expansion Via FCi Federal Purchase PAE has agreed to buy FCi Federal for an undisclosed sum in a move to expand … Air Force Issues $147M Contract Funds for ULA Atlas V 551 Launch Vehicle Production United Launch Alliance, a joint venture of Boeing (NYSE: BA) and Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT), has received $146.5 … Archives Archives Select Month April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags April 4 Market Close: GovCon Index and Markets Close Slightly Positive April 4, 2017 Parsons, MIT Hold Workshop on Infrastructure, Smart Cities & Transportation; Biff Lyons Comments April 4, 2017 SoBran Names Grand Prize Winner in NC Research Competition; Gregory Kelly Comments April 4, 2017 BAE to Lead F-35 Sustainment in UK Under Subcontract From Lockheed April 4, 2017 Norway Agency OKs Purchase of 5 Boeing-Made Poseidon Aircraft April 4, 2017 Day & Zimmermann Takes Full Ownership of Security Firm SOC; Hal Yoh Comments January 8, 2015 47,524 GovCon Executive Names Bill Dean of M.C. Dean a ‘CEO Who Cares’ August 17, 2010 40,630 Executive Mosaic Launches GovConIndex October 2, 2014 40,288 POC Extends Industry, Leadership Conversation to Critical Infrastructure March 19, 2014 40,146 ExecutiveBiz Announces Top 20 People to Watch in 2010 December 9, 2009 31,660 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... govcon featured Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz Lockheed Martin Contract Awards business news Defense Department Financial News government contracting Northrop Grumman Raytheon Contract Award Executive moves Boeing nyse news General Dynamics financial report DOD GovCon Index SAIC U.S. Air Force U.S. Navy press release BAE Systems Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz AT&T to Build, Support Potential $46B FirstNet Public Safety Network; Kay Kapoor Comments General Dynamics IT President Dan Johnson Inks $140M NATO Information Agency Contract Salesforce Appoints Former Unisys Exec Casey Coleman as Global Gov’t Solutions SVP TechnoMile Hires Former PAE Exec as COO, CSO; Ashish Khot Comments Microsoft Appoints Former CSRA Exec as Public Sector Enterprise Services VP for Americas ASRC Federal Gets $100M Contract for DHS Law Enforcement Training Center Support; Mark Gray Comments @Follow Me New post: Parsons, MIT Hold Workshop on Infrastructure, Smart Cities & Transportation; Biff Lyons Comments https://t.co/zppWeYc0lz39 mins ago New post: SoBran Names Grand Prize Winner in NC Research Competition; Gregory Kelly Comments https://t.co/QYhvmfoyzZ51 mins ago New post: BAE to Lead F-35 Sustainment in UK Under Subcontract From Lockheed https://t.co/ulePiLCEmI1 hour ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Science Tech Bouncing water droplets could be used to keep computer processors cool New, 3 comments The droplets bounce off super-hydrophobic surfaces, dissipating heat as they do by James Vincent@jjvincent Apr 4, 2017, 8:06am EDT share tweet Linkedin Video showing water droplets bouncing off a super-hydrophobic surface. Image: Chuan-Hua Chen, Duke University Scientists from Duke University and Intel have come up with a new mechanism for keeping high-performance electronics cool: fill their insides with bouncing water droplets. It sounds like a late April Fools’ joke, but the researchers say such a system could keep high-performance electronics running at full speed by organically targeting hot-spots. The scientists were inspired by the self-cleaning wings of cicadas The proposed technology, described in the journal Applied Physics Letters, was inspired by the super-hydrophobic wings of cicadas, which naturally repel water. When two small water droplets collide on a cicada’s wing, they join together to form a bigger droplet. This change releases a small amount of energy that’s enough to lift the water off the wing’s surface, taking dust and dirt with it. This means the wings are self-cleaning, but the engineers figured the same principle could be also used to remove heat. Of course, no one wants to spill water on sensitive circuits, so the researchers created a sealed “vapor chamber” that can be installed within electronic systems. On one side of the chamber is a super-hydrophobic floor, and on the other, a sponge-like ceiling. As the chamber is heated by the surrounding electronics, the vapor condenses into tiny water droplets. These fall onto the super-hydrophobic floor, join together into bigger droplets, then ping off the surface, taking heat with them. The water is then soaked back up by the sponge-like ceiling and the whole process stars over. An illustration of the vapor chamber, with its hydrophobic floor and sponge-like ceiling. Image by Chuan-Hua Chen / Duke University The clever thing about this system is that it automatically targets hot-spots, as those areas are where the water vapor will condense first. And, unlike existing cooling mechanisms, this system also works on two planes at the same time — vertical and horizontal — meaning the cooling happens more efficiently. “Flat-plate heat pipes are remarkable in their horizontal spreading, but lack a vertical mechanism to dissipate heat,” said Chuan-Hua Chen, associate professor at Duke and co-author of the study, in a press statement. “Our jumping-droplet technology addresses this technological void with a vertical heat spreading mechanism, opening a pathway to beat the best existing heat spreaders in all directions.” Chen says these vapor chambers are “comparable” to commercial cooling systems, but that a lot more work is needed to be to create systems that will continue to operate over time. “But now, for the first time, I see a pathway to beating the industry models.” Next Up In Circuit Breaker This tiny Lego Macintosh is the beautiful lovechild of a Raspberry Pi and e-paper display Alcatel’s new Flash phone has four cameras JVC announces a new batch of cheap Bluetooth headphones August’s new smart lock fits into your Z-Wave smart home Build a miniature NAS out of a NanoPi NEO with this simple kit Here’s a robot that’ll toss salads for you for a cool $30,000 Now Trending This tiny Lego Macintosh is the beautiful lovechild of a Raspberry Pi and e-paper display Apple iPad (2017) review: the best feature is the price It's an iPad Spotify Premium users will get some albums two weeks before free users As part of its new licensing agreement with Universal Music Group Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 14. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Watch SpaceX land a used rocket for the first time ever by Nick Statt 1 comment / new It’s 2017 but Moto just released a corporate rap song by Rich McCormick 2 comments / new Mass Effect: Andromeda patches will address some of the game’s big issues by Sam Byford It's official: your internet provider can share your web history by Jacob Kastrenakes 34 comments / new The Cage Cage is a virtual cage surrounded by Nic Cage, Nic Cage, Nic Cage, and Nic Cage by Megan Farokhmanesh This tiny Lego Macintosh is the beautiful lovechild of a Raspberry Pi and e-paper display by Chaim Gartenberg Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Laptops Ultrabooks Chromebooks Laptop Accessories Tablets Phones Hardware Security Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Ultrabooks Chromebooks Laptop Accessories Home Laptops Review HP Spectre x360 (2017) review: The best just keeps getting better However, a small set of trade-offs in performance keeps it from leaping far ahead of the pack. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Alaina Yee Reviews Editor, PCWorld | Apr 4, 2017 5:00 AM PT Hardware & Accessories HP Spectre x360 (2017) review: New features increase this convertible's appeal   (1:27) More for you to like: HP Spectre x360 15 (2017) review: An excellent blend of portability, performance, and value HP Spectre x360 15 (2017) review:... (1:37) Razer Blade Pro review: This gaming laptop deftly balances power and portability Razer Blade Pro review: This... (1:40) HP Spectre x360 review: A sequel that outdoes the original HP Spectre x360 review: A sequel... (1:34) Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga review: Brilliant OLED color and performance to spare Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga review:... (1:49) Samsung Notebook 9 (13”) review: Its light weight makes for easy travel Samsung Notebook 9 (13”) review:... (1:41) LG Gram 15 review: This laptop is beyond ultraportable LG Gram 15 review: This laptop is... (1:57) HP is still tweaking its 13-inch convertible—and the additions further cement it as the 2-in-1 to beat. HP Spectre x360 (2017) review: New features increase this convertible's appeal (1:27) More like this HP Spectre x360 15 (2017): This 15-inch convertible packs in premium features Asus ZenBook Flip (UX360CA-DBM2T) review: A sleek, affordable 2-in-1 for... The best laptops of 2017: Ultrabooks, budget PCs, 2-in-1s, and more Video Let's Play Thimbleweed Park At a Glance Spectre x360 (2017) PCWorld Rating $1,600.00 MSRP $1,600.00 View on HP Table of Contents A quick recap Performance Conclusion Show More Despite a revamp late last year, the dust hasn’t settled around HP’s 13.3-inch Spectre x360 just yet. A modest spring update of our favorite convertible gives it perks that first appeared in its revamped 15-inch sibling. Yep, that’s right. If you bought a Spectre x360 even a month ago, you may be slightly aggravated to learn that HP now ships it with active pen support. (A pen even comes in the box as an included accessory.) A 4K UHD option for the screen is available, too. With these additions, the x360 now has every major feature you could want from an ultraportable. The only thing keeping the Spectre x360 from rising even further above its peers is the small price you pay for these upgrades—partially in cold, hard cash, partially in performance. But even without changing its position in the pack, this notebook is still the convertible to beat. [ Further reading: Our picks for best PC laptops ] A quick recap Since there’s so much overlap between the Fall 2016 and Spring 2017 models of the Spectre x360, let’s start with an overview of its standout points. (I’ll leave the fuller overview of shared attributes to our previous Spectre x360 review.) Alaina Yee/IDG The Fall 2016 (right) and Spring 2017 Spectre x360 (left) are virtually the same, save for a few additional features in the 2017 model. First off, it weighs less than three pounds and fits easily inside a bag. It also has a flexible form factor, easily transforming between tablet, traditional clamshell, and other modes. Inside, it packs the fastest processor allowed in this class of laptop—a 7th-generation Intel Core i7 dual-core CPU—with an equally blistering fast PCIe-NVMe storage drive to go with it. On the outside, you get a comfortable keyboard, a pleasant trackpad, and even a set of worthwhile speakers. The Spectre x360 also has a well-placed integrated IR camera that supports Windows Hello and avoids a constant view of your throat in every video chat. And of course, you get a beautifully crisp IPS panel with 10-point touch. Oh, and it costs less than most other thin-and-light laptops with similar configurations. (More on that later.) That said, there are a couple of changes to note. The 2017 Spectre x360 no longer comes with a USB-C to Gigabit ethernet adapter—instead, you get a pen accessory as your freebie. (You do still get a free sleeve, though.) It also seems to cost a little bit more. Our previous Kaby Lake review unit cost $1,300, but if you configure a system on HP.com with the exact same specs, it’s now $1,350. Performance The specs of our current $1,600 review unit largely mirror that of the previous Spectre x360 that we reviewed: a Kaby Lake Intel Core i7-7500U processor, 16GB of LPDDR3/1866 RAM, a 512GB Samsung PM961 PCI-NVMe SSD, Thunderbolt 3, and a Windows Hello–compatible camera. What sets it apart is that 4K IPS touchscreen with active pen support. I’m going to jump straight to what I assume everyone wants to know first: What it’s like to use the pen and the 4K touchscreen. As a disclaimer, I’m no artist (as you can see by my penmanship alone), so I’m unable to comment in depth on how well the Spectre handles sensitivity when doing inking, shading, and the like. But I can say that the Spectre x360 works well for taking notes and sketching out rough diagrams. It feels natural, and the results look crisp. Palm rejection did fail me on occasion, but I could tie it to hesitant placement of my hand on the screen. Alaina Yee/IDG Don’t blame the Spectre x360 for my terrible penmanship. (Nor my gluttonous appetite.) As for the 4K display, it’s gorgeous. So many pixels on a 13.3-inch screen may seem like overkill, but it’s hard not to like all the detail you can see in photos and 4K video if you work with (or view) them often. Overall, the panel is crisp and fairly bright, with a max output of 340 nits. Of course, with a 4K display comes a performance trade-off. Surprisingly, the Spectre x360 showed dips in areas beyond what we expected, though those did little to affect the overall day-to-day experience. Battery life First, the facts. A 4K touchscreen drains a lot more battery than a full-HD touchscreen. More pixels require more juice. Alaina Yee/IDG For our video rundown test, we first charge a laptop to 100 percent, then set its screen between 250 and 260 nits to simulate the brightness level you’d use in an office. With a pair of earbuds plugged in and the volume set to 50 percent, we run a 4K video file (the open-source Tears of Steel) on continuous loop in Windows 10’s Movies & TV app until the laptop shuts itself off. As you can see in the chart, the difference is pretty dramatic between the 2016 Kaby Lake Spectre and this newer 4K variant. You get almost four hours more with the lower-resolution model—that’s half a workday or a couple of classes right there. The actual runtime, however, isn’t bad by any means: Seven hours is almost a full workday, and it’s definitely longer than a direct cross-country flight. For people who want to live in a 4K world, the sacrifice is one that can be easily lived with. PCMark 8 We use PCMark 8’s Work Conventional benchmark to measure performance during the kind of everyday tasks we office drudges do most often—this test simulates activities like web browsing, video chatting, and document editing. The load on a system isn’t particularly heavy, and because this 4K version of the Spectre has the same processor, RAM, and type of storage as our 2016 review unit, we were expecting the benchmark results to be similar. Alaina Yee/IDG This is where the weirdness popped up. Performance dropped by 18.7 percent—a gap that’s startlingly large, and definitely outside a margin of error. So we ran the test again with the notebook’s resolution set to 1920x1080. That brought us within the expected range, but it’s not an expected result. These days, PCMark 8’s scores haven’t been overly affected by differences in resolution, so there may be a driver issue in play. That said, this difference won’t really affect the experience of using a 4K Spectre x360 for writing email or updating a spreadsheet. Any score over 2,000 in Work Conventional means a system will feel responsive during low-intensity tasks. 3DMark Sky Diver We ran into a similar story when we fired up 3DMark’s synthetic graphics benchmark. When we loaded Sky Diver to see how the GPU would handle itself, we again saw a gap in performance between the 4K Spectre x360 and other Kaby Lake processors with the same integrated graphics core. Alaina Yee/IDG Here, the performance delta isn’t quite as dramatic as with PCMark 8, but you can still see about a 9 percent decline when compared to the 2016 Spectre x360. When we dropped the resolution to 1920x1080, that disappeared. In practice, it’s not a matter of concern. Any gaming you’d do on this ultraportable laptop is already limited to less taxing games like League of Legends and Minecraft, and you’d be playing them at lower resolutions and lower image quality to boot. Handbrake 0.9.9 Switching over to tests that focus solely on CPU performance paints a more expected picture. When we ran our Handbrake encoding test, which involves transcoding a 30GB MKV file into a smaller MP4 file using the Android Tablet preset, the 4K Spectre x360 held steady with the 2016 model. Alaina Yee/IDG On these thin-and-light notebooks, Handbrake is a torture test. We use it to hammer on the CPU and see what happens next: Will the notebook start blasting its fans? Will it instead begin throttling performance to keep it cooler? If a system does lower the CPU’s clock speed, it’ll of course complete the encode at a slower rate. For the Spectre x360, HP favors keeping the system cool. That allows the Dell XPS 13 and its slightly less powerful Core i5-7200U processor to dominate—Dell opts to run its laptop's fans harder instead of lowering the processor’s speed, and the traditional clamshell design means the system can run a little warmer, too. The Spectre, on the other hand, is a convertible, and nobody wants to hang onto a scorching-hot tablet. Accordingly, HP cranks down the speed on the Core i7-7500U a little as the processor heats up. During the encode, we saw clock speeds fluctuate between 2.6GHz and 2.7GHz. Cinebench R15 single-threaded performance For our final full benchmark, we pulled out Maxon’s Cinebench rendering test. Like Handbrake, it focuses solely on CPU performance, but its shorter run of just a few minutes helps demonstrate how a system would handle short bursts of activity. Alaina Yee/IDG When set to test just a single CPU thread, Cinebench gives an idea of how well a laptop would do when running a load that doesn’t tax all of the CPU cores. That covers most tasks that people run on their PC, especially a convertible like the Spectre. Again, no major differences here between the 4K Spectre and its 2016 FHD counterpart. It still sits close to the top of the chart, too. Storage speed One change we did notice between our 2016 Spectre x360 and this 2017 4K model is the type of SSD inside. Our 2016 review unit came equipped with a Samsung PM951 NVMe M.2 drive, which posted speeds of 1.7GBps for sequential read and 581MBps for sequential write in Crystal Disk Mark 5.02. This 2017 4K Spectre sports a Samsung PM961 NVMe M.2 drive, which offers a definite upgrade in sequential write speed. In Crystal Disk Mark 5.02, we got 1.5GBps read and 1.4GBps write for sequential loads. (And in case you’re interested, the same drive blazed along at 3.2GBps read and 1.5GBps write for sequential Q32T1 loads.) Conclusion We’re still on the fence about whether the Spectre x360 is the best ultrabook laptop, but it undoubtedly still crushes the other convertibles out there. HP has thoughtfully curated bleeding-edge technology into a single machine that has tremendous value. Just look at the math. If you want a convertible, you can opt for Lenovo’s Yoga 910, which actually gets you slightly better specs but no active pen support. A Core i7-7500U system with 16GB DDR4/2133 RAM, 512GB PCIe SSD, 13.9-inch 4K UHD IPS touchscreen, and fingerprint reader costs $1,500. That's cheaper, but keep in mind the Yoga 910 is also a larger and heavier notebook. If you want a compact convertible with active pen support, there’s Dell’s XPS 13 2-in-1, but you’ll forgo a 4K screen and some performance. The XPS 13 2-in-1 comes equipped with a low-power Core i7-7Y75 processor, 16GB LPDDR3/1866 RAM, a 512GB PCIe SSD, QHD+ (3200x1800) touchscreen, and a fingerprint reader. If you want a pen, it costs an additional $50. Total: $1,850. Pitting the Spectre x360 against our current ultrabook champion, the Dell XPS 13, you’ll pay $1900 for a Core i7-7500U CPU, 16GB LPDDR3/1866 RAM, a 512GB PCIe SSD, and a QHD+ (3200x1800) touchscreen. You’ll also drop an additional $25 for a fingerprint reader if you want to use Windows Hello, and there is no active pen support nor option for an IR camera that enables Windows Hello facial recognition. Specs aren’t everything, of course. You might want longer battery life, or a more compact package, or more ports. But if we had to recommend one laptop to someone who didn’t want to think too much about their purchase and wanted the best of everything, this is absolutely still it. Alaina Yee/IDG To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. At a Glance Spectre x360 (2017) PCWorld Rating $1,600.00 MSRP $1,600.00 View on HP The addition of active pen support and the option of a 4K UHD screen cements this convertible's status as our favorite, even despite a few trade-offs in performance. Pros Compact and lightweight Cutting-edge hardware Active pen support Option of 4K screen Cons Notably lower battery life on 4K model Slight decrease in system performance at 4K resolution Related: Laptops PCs HP Alaina Yee is a reviews editor for PCWorld, TechHive, Macworld, and Greenbot. You can reach her on Twitter at @morphingball. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Photos Videos Topics Live PAK 127/3 (19) - WI 124/8 (20) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kishori Amonkar Narendra Modi IPL 2017 Yogi Adityanath Arvind Kejriwal Home Sci/Tech To democratise AI, Intel launches edu programme for developers Shares1 Tue, 4 Apr 2017-05:27pm , PTI Reiterating its commitment to boost adoption of artificial intelligence (AI), Intel India today announced a developer community initiative - AI Developer Education Programme, aimed at educating 15,000 scientists, developers, analysts, and engineers. The educational programme is also aimed at deep learning and machine learning, the tech major said in a statement. The programme was announced at the first AI Day held in Bengaluru where thought-leaders from government, industry, and the academia congregated and discussed the potential of accelerating the AI revolution in the country. Under the programme, Intel will run 60 programmes across the year, ranging from workshops, roadshows, user group and senior technology leader round-tables. Announcing the programme, Intel South Asia managing director Prakash Mallya said data center and the intelligence behind the data collected can enable government and industry to make effective decisions based on algorithms. "This means increasing opportunities for using AI, and to make this happen, Intel India is collaborating with Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Wipro, Julia Computing and Calligo Technologies, by enabling them with AI solutions based Intel architecture," Mallya said. This collaboration with industry and academia will help democratise AI by reducing entry barriers for developers, data scientists and students. In India, the company is targeting BFSI, telecom, and e-commerce sectors, across high performance computing, big data, and Internet of things, all of which are complementary to AI, Mallya added. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech Apple aims for more control, less cost as it accelerates in chip design Sci/Tech Reliance Jio Summer Surprise Offer full details: Get over 100 GB 4G data for Rs 999 Sci/Tech Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 at Re 1: Here's how you can get it at the Mi Fan Festival Sci/Tech Motorola Moto G5 VS Xiaomi Redmi Note 4: Which is the ideal smartphone for you? Sci/Tech Are you watching too much porn? Google knows it all! Sci/Tech Dark matter may not exist at all, explains study Live Cricket Score Live PAK 127/3 (19) PAK beat WI by 7 wickets WI 124/8 (20) Full Scorecard | Commentary Video WATCH: Academy award-winning singer John Legend croons Gordon Ramsay's brutal insults Watch: Rakhi Sawant apologises after arrest warrant issued for her statement about Valmiki WATCH: These adorable two-year-old twins act out their favourite scene from Frozen to perfection View all Tags BFSI hewlett packard enterprise Wipro Intel India Intel South Asia Prakash Mallya SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Syria strike hit rebel 'toxic' weapons depot, says Moscow Six-year-old girl confronts crocodile to save schoolmate EU's Mogherini urges 'strong push' for Syria peace talks Syrian government cannot stay on after civil war over - Britain's Johnson Ansari pays tribute to Babu Jagjivan Ram on birth anniversary Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Kusal Perera's quick-fire fifty helps Lanka beat Bangladesh in first T20I IPL 10: Bad news for cricket fans as Harsha Bhogle will not be part of commentary panel Entertainment Alia Bhatt's mom Soni Razdan returns to TV after 11 years Rajkummar Rao in John Abraham's next Meet Arjun Kapoor aka Madhav Jha from Mohit Suri's 'Half Girlfriend' Shia LaBeouf starrer 'Man Down' sells only one ticket at UK box office 'Naam Shabana' to be screened for Mumbai's Commissioner of Police Money Formosa Vietnam steel mill meets conditions for test runs a year after spill Cardamom futures gain 0.71% on rise in spot demand Zinc futures rise 1.37% on overseas cues, spot demand Spot demand lifts nickel futures; rises by 1.40 pc FOREX-Dollar pressured ahead of Trump-Xi summit, N.Korea concerns Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     IMac 2017 Upgrade To 8K Resolution Could Double The Price Of The Screen Posted: Apr 4 2017, 6:21am CDT | by Shane McGlaun, in Rumors | Apple     Apple has a history of near neglect for its products outside of the iPhone and iPads that make up so much of its profits. Perhaps the most neglected of all product lines at Apple is the company's line of desktop computers. Speculation suggests that Apple would be updating the iMac for 2017 likely to include a higher resolution screen, processor upgrade, and support for more RAM. Don't Miss: Find a Nintendo NES Classic in stock A new rumor from DroidReport has surfaced today that suggests Intel is delaying its Cannon Lake processors, which would mean that the earliest we might see an iMac update with more RAM will be the end of 2017 or beginning of 2018. Apple could launch updated iMac computers with the 8k resolution retina display and Intel Kaby Lake processor upgrades. In a desktop machine the power savings that Kaby Lake brings is moot, unlike in the MacBook Pro line where a more power efficient processor means longer run time on battery. However, those 14nm Kaby Lake processors don't support 32GB of RAM without a new memory controller and Apple isn't expected to integrate a new memory controller. Another iMac rumor suggests that the iMac will get a new AMD processor with it's next update. That GPU is said to be AMD Polaris-based and could be the RX500. The iMac update is also expected to bring the OLED Touch Bar feature to the iMac. The big upgrade for the machine with 32GB of RAM seemingly out of the question for the foreseeable future will be the 8K retina display. The catch is that screen is said to cost twice as much as the 5k screen used in the current iMac. That could mean a significant price bump for any iMac upgrades that happen in early to mid 2017. The delay in Intel parts raises the opportunity for AMD to slip in with its Ryzen processors, but that is an unlikely event. The Cannon Lake processor delay likely simply means there will be no updated iMac at WWDC in June. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Shane McGlaun Tech and Car expert Shane McGlaun (Google) reports about what's new in these two sectors. His extensive experience in testing cars, computer hardware and consumer electronics enable him to effectively qualify new products and trends. If you want us review your product, please contact Shane. Shane can be contacted directly at shane@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Apple is Completely Rethinking the Mac Pro and Pro Display 14 hours ago, 11:08am CDT MacBook Pro 2017 Update Questionable as Intel Cannon Lake Processors Delayed 20 hours ago, 5:50am CDT Apple Buys 70 Million OLED Displays for iPhone 8 from Samsung 22 hours ago, 3:19am CDT NASA's New Horizons Next Flyby Target 2014 MU69 Coming Up 1 day ago, 12:51am CDT Nintendo Switch: How to Find a Nintendo Switch in Stock 1 hour ago How to Buy a Nintendo Switch all Week in New York 1 hour ago Cheat Maker Pays Millions to Courts 7 hours ago, 6:10pm CDT Neptune’s Journey from Inner to Outer Solar System was Very Calm, Says Study 10 hours ago, 3:28pm CDT Nintendo Switch Games: A Ultimate Guide to Details, Release Dates, and More 11 hours ago, 2:31pm CDT Xbox Scorpio Specs to Be Revealed In the Coming Days 12 hours ago, 1:54pm CDT Oldest Mammal Blood Ever Found Preserved in Ancient Tick Fossil 12 hours ago, 1:22pm CDT Uber Self-Driving Cars are the Worst 12 hours ago, 1:12pm CDT Oldest Remains of Bed Bugs Found in Oregon 12 hours ago, 12:58pm CDT Common Nintendo Switch Problems and How to Fix Them 13 hours ago, 12:46pm CDT Tesla Market Value Surpasses Ford 13 hours ago, 12:35pm CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted Featured News Nintendo Reveals Why the Switch is in Short Supply, More Coming in Next Days 2017 iMac: Rumors, Features, Release, Price and Everything You Need to Know   Apple Rumors 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 7S, Apple Watch 3, 2017, AR and More NES Classic Edition Stock Updates Apple Apple is Completely Rethinking the Mac Pro and Pro Display 14 hours ago, 11:08am CDT MacBook Pro 2017 Update Questionable as Intel Cannon Lake Processors Delayed 20 hours ago, 5:50am CDT Apple Buys 70 Million OLED Displays for iPhone 8 from Samsung 22 hours ago, 3:19am CDT NASA's New Horizons Next Flyby Target 2014 MU69 Coming Up 1 day ago, 12:51am CDT More Apple Stories Latest News Nintendo Switch: How to Find a Nintendo Switch in Stock 1 hour ago How to Buy a Nintendo Switch all Week in New York 1 hour ago Cheat Maker Pays Millions to Courts 7 hours ago, 6:10pm CDT Neptune’s Journey from Inner to Outer Solar System was Very Calm, Says Study 10 hours ago, 3:28pm CDT More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Giveaway Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News RTG Servers Legend Series –  Disruptive New Range of Servers’ Launched in India BANGALORE, April 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- RTG Servers are launching the Legend Series to the Indian market with a series of roadshows across the country starting today in Bangalore. Members from the channel community and enterprise customer segments across six cities have been exclusively selected and invited to attend preview showcases. The RTG Legend Series are a new range of enterprise servers specifically designed and built in India, for the Indian market and are available across the country with next-day delivery. The RTG Legend Series has been developed in response to direct demand from customers and fill a gap in the market for reliable, affordable, energy-efficient solutions. With 25 years of experience, the RTG Legend series are based on Supermicro® building blocks with enterprise-grade components from partners Intel®, NVIDIA® and Seagate® throughout. The RTG Legend Series consists of six solutions, all covered by a 3-year next-day warranty as standard. With a variety of use-cases these servers are built to be the backbone of your business. The range comprises of both low cost, latest generation upgradeable rackmount servers in 1U, 2U and workstation form factors that are ideal for small and medium businesses, from the self-employed such as architects, designers, consultants, to small shops, offices, remote branches or workers. The SMB solutions are built with one Intel® Xeon® CPU as standard, upgradable to two. Our premium, latest generation, solutions are available in the same form factors but are developed specifically for enterprise markets, or business with mission critical workloads, they're all dual Intel® Xeon® CPU, come with redundant power supplies and full hardware RAID and SAS drive functionality. Each server comes with a minimum of 3 years next business day warranty, as one would expect for a solution of this calibre, to support the business or academic requirements. Manoj Nayee, Managing Director of RTG Servers, says "With our exclusive regional stockists across 6 locations in India, we are confident to meet the delivery expectations of customers in Tier 2 and 3 locations that did not earlier have access to these enterprise offerings. RTG Servers are powerful, affordable and ready to go." About RTG Servers   RTG or Ready to Go Servers are a new range of enterprise servers specifically designed for the Indian market, available on next-day delivery and are in direct competition with the HP and Dell offerings. Developed with 25 years of experience behind them and built in world-class facilities in Bangalore, the RTG Legend Series is based on Supermicro building blocks with all components being enterprise-grade. The RTG Legend Series consists of six solutions, all covered by a 3 year-next day warranty as standard. With a variety of use-cases these servers are built to be the backbone of your business. RTG Servers are powerful, affordable and ready to go. rtgservers.com and @RTG_Servers on Twitter. Media Contact: Maz Lopez maz.lopez@rtgservers.com Head of Marketing RTG Servers RTG Service(India) CategoriesUncategorized TagsComputer hardware, Computer/ Electronics, Consumer Electronics, Networks, New Products/Services, Peripherals, Retail Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Luxury Vinyl Flooring (LVT) Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Next PostNext Global Managed File Transfer Software Market Research Report: Top Manufactures, Regional Analysis and Forecast by 2022 Search Recent Posts IQF Fruits and Vegetables Market,2015-2025 by Segmentation Based on Product, Application and Region Shock Wave Therapy Devices Sales Market Report 2017-2022 Focuses On Top Companies, Research Methodology, Drivers and Opportunities Progressing Cavity Pumps Sales Market 2022: New Business Opportunities for Manufactures to Upsurge in Coming Years APAC Broadcasting Equipment Market to be Worth US $5,104.8 Million by 2024 Prenatal Vitamins Supplements Sales Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Mobile Surveillance for Public Transportation and First Responders Fremont, CA (PRWEB) April 04, 2017 NEXCOM‚s recently launched mobile surveillance system, MVS 5603, accomplishes operational efficiency of public transportation and service. Based on 6th generation Intel® Core™ processors, MVS 5603 provides an integral solution incorporating high computing power, 8-port PoE switch functions for effortless configuration, wireless communication, and GPS tracking with optional Dead Reckoning (DR) support to record in-vehicle activities, locations, high quality videos, driving patterns, and diagnostics for a variety of vehicles achieving better measures for safety and management. MVS 5603 enables an intelligent transportation service by integrating mobile surveillance system, passenger information system (PIS), and vehicle terminal into one device requiring a single installation. PoE ports simplify installation and replacement of cameras with automatic IP address configuration, providing video security surveillance to cover every angle of the vehicle enhancing passenger safety and fare management. The dispatch center can also keep a record of the number of passengers at specific locations to optimize bus schedule reducing passenger waiting time, to ensure safety and offer an enriched travelling experience. Vehicle status such as engine speed and brake condition can be assessed by using built-in CAN bus, with optional OBDII function. Data can be transmitted to monitor safe driving, fuel consumption, and predict when maintenance will be performed. MVS 5603 provides GPS positioning, with an optional DR feature to assist when the GPS signal is unreachable. A 24-hour monitoring of vehicle status is attained by the MCU and G-sensor even during power-off state, plus the optional iButton to identify drivers and keep a detailed record of the personnel. The mobile surveillance system’s high graphics power allows video analysis to deliver face recognition together with automobile license plate recognition (ALPR) for the public service sector. Police patrols can store high-definition quality video evidence captured from cameras attached to MVS 5603 to obtain a 360-degree view of the interior and exterior of the vehicle to produce image and audio documentation, especially given an aggression or a chase situation. Pursuing sufficiency and stability in power supply to ensure data storage and transmission, an optional internal back-up battery pack is available. Adding to this, the fanless design secures operation regardless the environment. Moreover, the new implementation of a reset and power buttons help drivers overcome any peculiar circumstance that requires a fresh start without involving the ignition system. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NFL Running Back Benny Cunningham Carries the Ball for Old School Labs™ as Brand Ambassador Next PostNext Save the Cat!® Goes to the Indies: The Screenwriter’s Guide to 50 Films From the Masters Search Recent Posts IQF Fruits and Vegetables Market,2015-2025 by Segmentation Based on Product, Application and Region Shock Wave Therapy Devices Sales Market Report 2017-2022 Focuses On Top Companies, Research Methodology, Drivers and Opportunities Progressing Cavity Pumps Sales Market 2022: New Business Opportunities for Manufactures to Upsurge in Coming Years APAC Broadcasting Equipment Market to be Worth US $5,104.8 Million by 2024 Prenatal Vitamins Supplements Sales Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Visa and Immigration LATEST NEWS Baseball-Highlights of Tuesday's MLB games 72 dead in suspected Syria chemical attack: Report It is partial relief for farmers: Rahul Gandhi on Uttar Pradesh loan waiver Duties put brakes on amphibious bus Pakistan welcomes US mediation after India rejects it Blast in Pakistani city of Lahore kills at least six Facebook's appeal to block bulk search warrants rejected Russian metro bombing puts Vladimir Putin's Syria policy to the test Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio NRI NRIs in News NRI Real Estate NRI Investments NRI Tax Forex and Remittance Visa and Immigration Working Abroad More Returning to India ET Home›NRI›Visa and Immigration 12:12 PM | 05 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,92313.22 NIFTY 50 9,24911.40 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,815-47.00 USD/INR 65.030.00 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex drops nearly 50 points after hitting 30K level; Cyient up 7% Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW New H-1B visa changes: What has happened and what you should know By Vindu Goel & NICK WINGFIELD, New York Times | Updated: Apr 05, 2017, 12.14 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » US Visa | Tech companies | Indian techies | H1B visa The announcements came as the government began accepting applications Monday for H-1B visas that will be issued for the next fiscal year, which begins October 1. Related No H-1B visa for programmers and coders, says new Trump policy Trump's H-1B policy sends shock waves across companies USA announces measures to detect H-1B visa fraud and abuse H-1B visa applications pour in before door slams shut Love visual aspect of news?: Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! The US Citizenship and Immigration Services announced Friday that it was reversing its previous guidance that entry-level computer programming jobs automatically qualify as a “specialty occupation” - a basic requirement for receiving an H-1B work visa. And Monday, the Justice Department warned that it would look closely at any employer who discriminates against American workers by showing a preference for hiring H-1B workers. The announcements came as the government began accepting applications Monday for H-1B visas that will be issued for the next fiscal year, which begins Oct. 1. Q: How do the announcements change the government’s policies toward foreign workers? A: The changes are more cosmetic than substantive. Visas for entry-level computer jobs have already been getting more scrutiny from immigration officials, and the Justice Department is reminding companies to follow the law. Still, critics of the H-1B program say the Justice Department’s warning to companies not to discriminate against Americans might lead to enforcement action. Also Read: H-1B policy memo to have little impact on Indian IT industry - Nasscom “If the Department of Justice concludes that these companies are discriminating against Americans, the entire outsourcing model becomes deeply suspect,” said Russell Harrison, director of government relations at IEEE-USA, a group that represents American tech workers. Q: Why is the H-1B programme important? A: H-1B visas are commonly used by companies to bring foreign workers to the United States to fill technical positions like software developers. Some tech companies say they need foreign workers because they cannot find enough Americans with the skills for these jobs. There’s a lot of controversy around H-1Bs. Some of the biggest users of these work visas are outsourcing firms, many of them based in India. These firms often bring foreign workers to the United States at low wages to fill jobs once held by higher-paid Americans. Q: How do the new policies affect Microsoft, Facebook and other big U.S. technology companies? A: The large tech companies are unlikely to be affected much in the near term, immigration lawyers and technology executives said. Technology companies usually apply for H-1B visas when they need to fill a job with higher-skilled workers holding bachelor’s or master’s degrees. Also Read: US clears air around H-1B visa with policy memorandum, computer programmers won't be eligible William Moss, a spokesman for Intel, said the chipmaker does not expect any impact from the change. “Intel’s foreign national population in the U.S. is largely comprised of individuals possessing unique and difficult to find skills which can only be acquired through advanced-degree, university-level education,” Moss said. Q: What about the Indian outsourcing firms? A: Indian outsourcing firms like Tata Consultancy Services, Wipro and Infosys get a large number of H-1B visas, as do outsource companies that are based in America, such as IBM and Cognizant. Although they do hire some entry-level programmers, they have been shifting their hiring to higher-skilled and better paid workers. Benjamin Trounson, a spokesman for Tata Consultancy Services, said the company has cut back on its use of H-1B visas in the past few years, receiving only 1,500 in 2016. Q: Why is this happening now? A: Monday, the federal government began accepting applications for next year’s visas. Demand for the H-1B visas so far exceeds the supply that the government is likely to cut off applications within a week, and visas will be awarded by lottery. Congress allows for 65,000 H-1Bs each year, with an additional 20,000 for workers possessing a master’s degree or higher. The Trump administration may be using the moment to discourage what they see as abuse of the work visa. “The timing is not coincidental,” said Ted Ruthizer, an immigration lawyer with Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel in New York. “It’s an attempt to show a mastery of the situation, that they know what companies are up to with H-1Bs and they’re not going to let them get away with any shenanigans.” Q: Are more changes coming that could affect the technology sector? A: Probably. Companies like Amazon and Expedia took a leading position in opposing President Donald Trump’s first executive order banning travel to the United States from seven majority Muslim countries, saying that it restricted the movement of employees and hindered their ability to attract talent. * The industry is also awaiting a possible executive order from Trump that could further change how H-1Bs and other visas used by the tech industry are issued. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Watch: Early Warning Signs Of An Asthma Attack HealthiNation The Most Addicting Shopping Site For Women Tophatter No gamer should miss this free game Vikings: Free Online GameMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES GST debate now continues on categorisation of products NITI Aayog to launch 3-year action plan from April 1 Here are the 11 best countries to live in around the world From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times 9 Worst US States To Retire Due to Taxes, Living Expenses,.. TheFinancialWord.com LeBron Expected to Lose Staggering Amount of Endorsements Groovin Groove How The Cloud Helps Retain CPA & Bookkeeping Clients Quickbooks $91 for a $300 Watch. Here's how I did it. Watch of the Month Club 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport READ MORE ON » US Visa | Tech companies | Indian techies | H1B visa To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented US clears air around H-1B visa with policy memorandum, computer programmers won't be eligible New H-1B visa changes: What has happened and what you should know Trump's H-1B policy sends shock waves across companies H-1B visa applications pour in by truckload before door slams shut Don't misuse H-1B visas: Trump administration's stern warning to American firms More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex|Gold rate Income Tax Slabs|Income Tax calculator RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Handhelds  »  Wearables  »  Review Review: New Balance RunIQ by  Andrew Williams  |  Tuesday 4 April 2017  | Comment Now Rating Overall: 25 Sporty features can’t disguise the fact that this is an uninspiring smartwatch. Supplier New Balance Price $449 AUD > Pricing info Tweet Email this Print this Feedback It's New Balance by name, but old and uneven by nature... This year’s theme for Android Wear is…watches you can wear while you run. But, wait for it, you don’t need to take your phone with you either. Killer feature, right? It should be, but the New Balance RunIQ isn’t a patch on a dedicated runner’s watch when you start using it out on the street. Or the track. Or the moors. Wherever. It’s clunky, the battery life is not good and it runs an outdated version of Android Wear. It looks a bit cooler than a Garmin Forerunner, but if you’re really buying this for the sporty side, you’d be better off with one of those dedicated trackers. Especially when the New Balance RunIQ costs $449.95. NEW BALANCE RUNIQ DESIGN: SUPERMASSIVE BLACK HOLE New Balance has picked a very moody look for the RunIQ. It’s all-black, and the fine details get sucked into this little wrist-worn black hole. For example, there are little blips around the watch face at the usual 5-minute marks of a watch face. It’s no biggie if you like an ultra-simple look, and the New Balance RunIQ doesn’t have the try-hard look of the Huawei Watch 2. The entire watch body is made of finished steel, making it hard as nails. The RunIQ is also chunky, particularly as the face of the thing is pretty large thanks to the generous 1.39in screen. Obvious luxury isn’t really the aim, but there are no complaints about how expensive or well-made the watch feels. It’s also water resistant to 5ATM, meaning you can wear it in the shower or swimming pool if you like. The strap doesn’t really emphasise the high-end build because, like most sport watches, it’s rubbery rather than leathery. There are dozens of little hearts cut out of the silicone to let it breathe and I’m glad the pure black look downplays this. Hearts are fine, but if they were obvious they’d look odd on what is otherwise the watch equivalent of the weights section of a gym. The RunIQ has three buttons on its side. One looks like a dial, but they’re just buttons. The top one starts the exercise app, the middle one is a wake/sleep button and the bottom one fires-up Google Play Music. It’s unusual for a Wear watch to make a big deal of music, but the RunIQ is available with a Bluetooth sport headset. New Balance works the upsell angle like a pro. NEW BALANCE RUNIQ PERFORMANCE: OFF THE PACE New Balance has also teamed-up with Intel to make this watch. It uses the Intel Atom Z34XX CPU, rather than the more popular Qualcomm Snapdragon breed. There aren’t any good benchmark tools for Android Wear to let us find out quite how peppy this processor really is, but in person the results aren’t great. Sometimes swipes and taps don’t seem to register properly, apps seem to take a while to load, the responsiveness of the buttons is poor. Coming from using the Huawei Watch 2, the New Balance RunIQ feels slow. It’s often annoying, although I put a good chunk of the blame for this on the software. Google has already released Wear 2.0 and it’s a huge improvement, but the New Balance RunIQ still runs bad old Android 1.5 at the moment. It’s less intuitive, more complicated, uglier and less useful. This is a watch designed for occasional use without your phone, but it’s Wear 2.0 that introduced next-gen standalone apps. Returning to the old version of Wear is an unpleasant blast from the past. It's a mess, but at least the RunIQ is one of the watches that's been confirmed to be getting Wear 2.0. NEW BALANCE RUNIQ SCREEN: THE DIM PORTHOLE The New Balance RunIQ does at least have a big screen. It’s 1.39in across and uses an OLED panel, the best kind for a watch. Resolution is 400x400, for a pixel density of 287ppi. Thanks to the inner workings of the screen it looks a bit fuzzy close-up, but at the sort of distance you’ll actually hold the New Balance RunIQ, it’s sharp. I’ve been trying to work out if the watch has an ambient light sensor, and if it does, it’s not used anywhere near enough. Used out on a bright day the screen is almost invisible unless you use the Brightness Boost function. And that turns off after a few seconds anyway, leaving you in the (relative) dark. Using the New Balance RunIQ out on a bright summer run isn’t much fun. The most important question, does it have the fitness chops to make it worthwhile? Not really... NEW BALANCE RUNIQ FITNESS FEATURES: HIT AND MISS The New Balance RunIQ has its own fitness app and watch faces, designed to hook up with Strava to give your data somewhere to go. It’s only designed to accommodate outdoor running and cycling, though, so if you want to track gym sessions or other sports you’ll have to investigate another app. As you run or ride you can look at your distance, speed and time on the main screen. Flick to the left and right and you can check out your heart rate, cadence and lap times. Swipe down and you get music playback controls. There aren’t lots of on-watch music player options with Wear yet, so you have to use Play Music. If you’re running with a phone, though, the playback controls of whatever app you use end up in here. As usual, run with your phone connected and the mobile’s GPS will be used. Leave the phone at home and the New Balance RunIQ’s own GPS chip kicks in. It works pretty well, with much better results than I got from the Huawei Watch 2. Tracking accuracy isn’t pin-point, but it seems to lock on within a few seconds, letting you start a run without missing on the first 200m. I’m disappointed the whole thing feels so clumsy, though. A lack of phone-like immediacy is to be expected when you’re using a runner’s watch that hasn’t had scores of dev working on the interface for years, but the slow, intermittent unresponsiveness of the RunIQ is not what I'd expect from what should be a next-gen tracker. As is the norm with this sort of watch, the New Balance RunIQ has a heart rate sensor, an optical model with two green LEDs and a sensor in-between. And, similarly common, its performance isn’t reliable. Let it track over an hour-long session and it might get you a reasonably believable average bpm figure. But I use an HR sensor to see if that feeling of my heart trying to escape my rib cage really relates to a super-elevated heart rate when running, and for that sort of snapshot look, it’s not much use. The results just aren’t accurate. NEW BALANCE RUNIQ BATTERY LIFE: MARATHON STAMINA (JUST) The RunIQ also only has just about enough battery to last through a marathon, with a quoted five hours of GPS tracking. As I tend to run 2-5K at a time rather than 26 miles, I tried this out with a walk rather than a mammoth run, and sure enough the battery level ran down pretty quickly. You’d be lucky to get the quoted five hours when using the maxed-out screen brightness needed to make the display visible outdoors on a bright day. For more conventional Android Wear use, the New Balance RunIQ lasts about a day, but not much more. It’s not one of the longer-lasting smartwatches, despite having a decent 410mAh battery. You charge it using a little docking plate. It looks like a wireless charger, but actually has a set of metal pins that connect to a series of metal points on the back of the watch. Charging takes a couple of hours: nothing special there. The RunIQ may come from a sports brand, but its sporty USPs are pretty thin. You get the dedicated watch face and app, but this only really amounts to a veneer in-between your watch and Strava. With any GPS-equipped Wear 2.0 watch you can use Strava’s own standalone app for the same results. This wouldn’t matter so much if the New Balance RunIQ was a great Wear watch in its own right, but it isn’t. As long as you don’t mind the chunky shape the design is fine, but it already feels out of date thanks to the dated Wear software and generally quite poor performance. NEW BALANCE RUNIQ VERDICT Android Wear watches are becoming more autonomous, and that’s great news if you like the idea of a smartwatch that works as a proper, marathon-tracking sport watch. The New Balance RunIQ is all up for the standalone concept, but is too dated in other respects to pull it off. Wear watches simply can’t launch with pre-2.0 versions of the software anymore, and the difference is compounded by oddly wonky performance here. We’re likely to see several better takes on this concept in 2017. But if exercise tracking is your real goal, a dedicated runner’s watch is still a better idea. Related Reviews Review: Android Wear 2.0 Review: Suunto Spartan Sport Review: Withings Steel HR is a stylish smartwatch Source: Copyright © Stuff.tv See more about:  android wear  |  new balance  |  review  |  runiq  |  smartwatches   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   NOTE: You must be a registered member of PC & Tech Authority to post a comment. Click here to login | Click here to register More in Wearables (1 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: New Balance RunIQ << Prev Next >> View all Wearables articles >> More in Wearables (2 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: JBL Under Armour Sport Wireless Heart Rate << Prev Next >> View all Wearables articles >> More in Wearables (3 of 10 articles) FEATURE How to: Make the most of Android Wear 2.0 << Prev Next >> View all Wearables articles >> More in Wearables (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Beyond fitness trackers: How can tech make a bigger impact on our health? << Prev Next >> View all Wearables articles >> More in Wearables (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Tag Heuer’s modular Android Wear watch is the king of face-swapping << Prev Next >> View all Wearables articles >> More in Wearables (6 of 10 articles) NEWS This wearable upgrades your whole hand to snowflake status << Prev Next >> View all Wearables articles >> More in Wearables (7 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Huawei Watch 2 is a little disappointing << Prev Next >> View all Wearables articles >> More in Wearables (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Fitbit's latest wearable sticks a heart rate tracker in a tiny shell << Prev Next >> View all Wearables articles >> More in Wearables (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Half-marathon runner disqualified following fitness-tracker investigation << Prev Next >> View all Wearables articles >> More in Wearables (10 of 10 articles) FEATURE What we know: Huawei Watch 2 << Prev Next >> View all Wearables articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest Competitions   Win!!! A Galax GTX 1070 EXOC SNPR White video card! Get some gaming PC power for your next PC upgrade!   Latest in Wearables News Beyond fitness trackers: How can tech make a bigger impact on our health? Review Review: New Balance RunIQ Feature How to: Make the most of Android Wear 2.0 From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? What's new in Windows 10's Creators Update Tip: Your shop can use a smartphone instead of an EFTPOS terminal How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Oracle could be considering acquisition of Accenture: report Who partied at CRN Pipeline Melbourne? CSC and HPE Enterprise Services new company launch date revealed Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia iiNet confirms closure of Melbourne office, follows Sydney as ISP streamlines in NBN era The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 It's over: Banks lose Apple Pay fight PwC Australia's move to 'cloud-only' IT The 4013 urban premises to receive NBN satellite Reboot your firewalls, or they'll stop working: Cisco 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege Interview: Stardock's Brad Wardell on the return of Star Control The rise and fall of Warhammer games Six and out: Don Bradman Cricket 17 steps on its own wicket About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Entertainment Titanfall 2 Execution Is Perfectly Timed The Nameless City Is Being Turned Into An Animated Miniseries Invader Zim Is Coming Back as A TV Movie [Updated] Seth Rogen And Evan Goldberg Are Turning Robert Kirkman's Comic Invincible Into A Movie Esports Why Kirby Is Low-Tier In Super Smash Brothers The Weekend In Esports: Gears Of War Goes To The Beach Madden Pro Trips Over His Own Players Dueling Dota 2 Pocket Picks Culminate In Bananas Comeback Xbox There's Beauty In Mass Effect: Andromeda, If You're Patient The Honest Trailer For Mass Effect: Andromeda Is Here, Buckle Up Catwoman Is Bringing Exploding Motorbikes To Injustice 2 We Need To Talk About Mass Effect: Andromeda's Ending PlayStation Tips For Playing Persona 5 Atlus Threatens To Go After People Who Stream Too Far Into Persona 5 Jak And Daxter Are Back (Kinda) Persona 5 Is A Great Entry Point For Series Newcomers Nintendo That Time When Snake Rescued Zelda And Peach In Super Smash Bros. Brawl The Biggest Selling Games And Hardware Last Month In Japan  Splatoon 2 Makes Sure That Almost Anybody Can Jump In And Play Breath Of The Wild Voice Actor Drops In On Streamer PC HP Spectre x360: An Impressive All-Rounder Apple Is Finally Revamping The Mac Pro Yooka-Laylee: The Kotaku Review Quake Champions, As Played By A Champion Mobile An Open World Game For Your Phone, From The Makers Of Fruit Ninja The 12 Best Games For The iPad The Best Samsung Galaxy S8 Plans From Every Aussie Telco New Tom Clancy Mobile Game Is Clash Royale With Sniper Rifles In Real Life An Essential Glossary For Overwatch Players V-Commandos: The Kotaku Review The Big Question: Hot Cross Buns Show Us Your Ugliest Video Game Outfits Retro ScribbleTaku The Original StarCraft Holds Up Surprisingly Well ScribbleTaku Speedrunner Gets Sabatoged By His Own Twitch Chat During Super Mario 64 World Record Attempt Toggle navigation Entertainment Esports Xbox PlayStation Nintendo PC Mobile In Real Life Retro Tips For Playing Persona 5 Outlast 2's New Classification Report Is Interesting Reading Yooka-Laylee: The Kotaku Review Deals: Watch Your Favourite Shows Anywhere With This Stream Unblocker Valve's Steam Survey: Windows 10 Is Popular, VR Is Not Alex Walker Apr 4, 2017, 10:30am ⋅ Filed to:  Australian Stories steam steam survey valve Share Image: Valve Steam has finally published its latest findings across its gargantuan platform, and as you'd expect there's some interesting tidbits about millions upon millions of gamers who use the service. Windows 10 has finally reached the tipping point Image: Supplied It took a while, but Windows 10 has finally reached the point of no return. The 64-bit version of the OS was used by 50.15% of respondents, which is nearly twice the amount of users that have refused to move off Windows 7. Interestingly, despite being universally admonished as total garbage and getting bugger all support from developers, 0.1% of users surveyed were still using Windows Vista. Sounds like some cheeky office workers sneaking Nidhogg and Spelunky onto their office PCs, if you ask me. The adoption rate of VR ... isn't much The Vive's more popular than the Rift, but probably not because of Paris Hilton. Both the HTC Vive and Oculus Rift became a little more popular from February to March, with little being the operative word. The Rift's userbase jumped by 0.02% among respondents to 0.13%, while the Vive remained top dog with 0.24% (up by 0.01%) of respondents owning the Newell-sanctioned headset. The survey didn't outline any other competitors bar the devkit variations of the Rift, however, although it's difficult to imagine the userbase of headsets like StarVR, OSVR and LG's prototype challenging the Rift or Vive anytime soon. NVIDIA's GTX 970 is still the most popular gamer GPU Whether it's a system playing predominately DirectX 10, 11 or 12 games, the end result is the same: NVIDIA's GeForce GTX 970 is the most popular GPU among enthusiast gamers. It's not the most common GPU across the whole platform - that's the HD 4000, the integrated GPU that shipped with Intel's Ivy Bridge CPUs around 2012 and early 2013. But for gamers who want something a bit more, the GTX 970 is the way to go. It's the top GPU amongst DX10, DX11 and DX12 systems, with the affordable GTX 960 runner up for older PCs. For PCs on Windows 10 playing DX12 games, the GTX 1060 and GTX 1070 have become the second and third most popular GPUs. The results are a good snapshot of what PCs use the further you go down the list: there are more people, for instance, running the mobile variant of the GTX 960 than the high-end GTX 1080. The GTX 970 is also the most popular GPU among Linux users, beating out the HD 4000 and HD 4400. As for AMD's Polaris GPUs? The RX 480 is only used by 0.70% of respondents on Windows 10 PCs, and 0.81% of respondents on all variants on Windows. The real interesting part here is where the HD 7700, HD 7900 and HD 8800 GPUs, cards that are five and four years old respectively, was more commonplace in the survey than last year's RX 480. For PC gamers, that's a long time between upgrades. Intel is getting more popular - for now Image: Supplied Nearly 80% of respondents were using an Intel CPU, a 1.46% bump from the previous year. That's a substantial chunk of the market, but it's also worth considering that the AMD Ryzen CPUs only launched in market at the start of the month. Most importantly, the Ryzen 3 and 5 series CPUs aren't available yet. And those are the CPUs targeted at the biggest chunk of gamers on Steam: just over half of respondents were using a system with only 4 CPUs, with almost 44% on a system with only 2 CPUs. Given that the Ryzen 1700, 1700X and 1800X are targeted at developers, streamers, desktop workstations and gamers who dabble in between all three, it wasn't likely that Steam's survey would reflect any kind of shift towards AMD in the March results. (Only 0.32% of users surveyed was using a hexacore PC, which gives you an indication of what the PC market really looks like.) We'll get a better idea of how the Ryzen CPUs are received across Steam towards the end of the year, when all of the Ryzen CPUs have begun to disseminate throughout the market. Nearly 18% of people don't know whether they have a microphone Image: Kotaku/Mike Fahey This one says more about the people using their system than the survey, I think. Needless to say, 17.93% of those surveyed weren't sure about whether they could spout profanities to their fellow gamers on Steam. 18.67% of people knew for sure they didn't have a microphone at all - or just preferred to say they didn't. Nearly 1% of Steam users are still using Windows XP God bless your souls, you fine people. WATCH MORE: PC Gaming News Comments vaegrand @vaegrand Apr 4, 2017, 10:35am 970 is a pretty solid card, I am completely unsurprised. Reply 0 mypetmonkey @mypetmonkey Apr 4, 2017, 10:50am My little 670 still troopering on! I am the 0.41% Reply 0 vaegrand @vaegrand Apr 4, 2017, 10:55am Filthy sub-human, six series user. :P Reply 0 coastal @coastal Apr 4, 2017, 12:38pm 660 here. Not even sure if it's the Ti version at the moment. Reply 0 snoweee @snoweee Apr 4, 2017, 10:48am Wow, twice the amount of people are using XP than the Vive and the Rift combined. Let's hope that tech can be saved by other industries. Reply 1 leigh @leigh Apr 4, 2017, 11:10am Virtual Reality (how weird is it to actually type that out, the term has been overtaken by its own abbreviation) has been riding a wave of good PR, for a long time. It's just not cutting through. The peripheral (no pun intended...... :D ) distractions like Luckey/etc should be largely ignored in favour of decent software to take advantage of the amount of chatter in the games press/streaming communties surrounding it. But that's not happening. Instead of continually trying to charm us with VR, I hope we get to see more people talk about why it continues to fail so spectacularly. For years, publishers and the press were falling over themselves to build up the 'identity' aspect of the console/pc industry and foster communities so we could all band together and play everything that had multiplayer bolted on, and then we got system-level tat like achievements and trophies to show off to all our paying subscriber mates. Now, they've gone the other direction: You. All alone. Wearing that headset. Emotional. Personal. Solitary. I don't know the exact name for this weird about-face, but as someone in the audience I think it's called whiplash. Reply 1 Zombie Jesus @zombiejesus Apr 4, 2017, 11:17am Lost opportunity to say "VR has had good PR". 50 DKP minus. Reply 0 lichbane @lichbane Apr 4, 2017, 2:18pm It didnt help that the community that has fractured around the two main headset are acting like a bunch of monkeys throwing poo at each other. Not only does it make the technology look immature, but the community too. But it is very much an enthusiast's market right now. As long as companies keep putting investment into improving the tech, the rest will follow. As as for being solitary, not so much. Apps like Bigscreen Beta allow virtual LANS. The more users out there, the more opportunity for sharing experiences. Reply 0 Gooky @mrtaco Apr 4, 2017, 4:24pm I don't see how there is any kind of about-face at all. Both involve sitting at home alone playing games in solitude - all the multiplayer that was being pushed was online, not splitscreen. In fact it's one of the bigger problems facing VR games at the moment - there are way too many games that are multiplayer-focused (no AI = much easier to make), but the install base isn't large enough to support so many different multiplayer games so it's often pretty hard to find a match if you want to play something that isn't the latest and greatest. Reply 1 thyco @thyco Apr 4, 2017, 11:20am VR's problem is that its still to expensive and the fact that its a Peripheral thats being treated as seperate consoles with exculsives because of 2 gigantic arsehole companies refuse to play nice Reply 2 edenist @edenist Apr 4, 2017, 1:38pm Only Occulus has engaged in anti-competitive behaviour such as proprietary APIs and bribing developers for hardware exclusivity. I'd argue it's only one gigantic arsehole company. Reply 0 lichbane @lichbane Apr 4, 2017, 2:28pm And Steam's API is proprietary as well. It is not open source ... it is open licence as well. Big difference. And does not support all functions of the Rift, such as ASW. As for the "bribing developers" .... it's called FUNDING DEVELOPMENT. It's something that Valve doesn't do. Developers have got to eat too, you know. And if their funding development, there has to be a payoff. If that means timed exclusives, then rhats a small price to pay. Reply 2 Zombie Jesus @zombiejesus Apr 4, 2017, 3:42pm The implementation is proprietary, the API is open source under BSD. Anyone can write their own implementation if they want to. Reply 1 lichbane @lichbane Apr 4, 2017, 4:45pm And yet the core is tightly controlled by Valve. I'll wait for OpenXR which is an implementation that is not controlled by a single entity. Reply 0 edenist @edenist Apr 4, 2017, 4:28pm https://uploadvr.com/serious-sam-oculus-offered-shitton-money-rift-exclusivity/ It's not "funding development" when the game's already been developed for both platforms by a reputable, stable developer. I understand their are serious costs in software development, and for many people everything is on the line getting the product out the door with no guarantee on return. That was not the case here. It's one thing for Occulus to pay for content to be created for their platform [and, sure, exclusivity is a reasonable assumption of said paid development]. It's another to throw money at an already developed game for it to be made exclusive on their platform. Regarding the API, I was going to link to the openVR github page, but @zombiejesus beat me to it. Reply 0 lichbane @lichbane Apr 4, 2017, 4:50pm If a company can afford to fund the software development on their own, then great! Croteam could afford it. Other developers can't. As such, there is a lot more VR content out there now than there would be otherwise. As I pointed out with the core of the API, Valve still controls it. OpenXR will at least be controlled by more than one entity .... and Valve and Oculus will have an equal stake. Reply 0 edenist @edenist Apr 4, 2017, 5:13pm If a company can afford to fund the software development on their own, then great! Croteam could afford it. Other developers can't. As such, there is a lot more VR content out there now than there would be otherwise. That's pretty much what I said anyway. What about when they throw money to developers who don't need it to survive, just to gain exclusivity by throwing money at it. Buying exclusivity doesn't help the ecosystem, it only helps to create a monopoly. OpenXR will be great. But for the last 2 years or so [and for at least the next year until OpenXR 1.0 spec is released], Valve's still the most open player out there. Reply 0 lichbane @lichbane Apr 4, 2017, 10:12pm So how exactly does Oculus know if a developer needs the money? One way is to offer it .... and if it's rejected, they don't. As for creating a monopoly, Steam's already pretty close to one. You have to break into the market somehow. Reply 0 h0bkn0b @h0bkn0b Apr 4, 2017, 1:49pm I'm surprised there are so many machines packing an HD4000. What are they playing? Is solitaire on steam? Reply 0 edenist @edenist Apr 4, 2017, 5:03pm It's not 2004 any more. Gone are the days of the completely anaemic IGP which is only good for office applications. The current generation are integrated into the GPU die, so they gain a lot of performance simply through close proximity to the CPU and memory busses. That said, they are actually quite capable for the vast majority of games on steam. Sure, they won't play the latest AAA title on ultra settings, but you will have a playable experience on plenty of other titles. AMD's APU's are even more capable again. But, going back to the HD4000. My main laptop has an Ivy-Bridge CPU [i5 5200u], which has two cores with hyper threading and is a low power [15W] unit. I run Ubuntu 14.04 with the standard intel open source drivers. All of Valve's catalogue of games runs perfectly fine on medium-ish settings. CS:GO, Dota 2, portal etc are all perfectly playable. Again, it's not a powerhouse, but to mention Solitaire is a bit of an insult to what these great little chips are capable of ;-) Reply 1 edenist @edenist Apr 4, 2017, 1:58pm Lies, damn lies, and statistics..... You can make many an argument based on interpretation of stats. It's pretty easy to paint a picture from this article that the average "enthusiast" gamer is sporting an Ivy Bridge i5/7 + 970, a pretty powerful PC when new, all the while being welcoming of the move to windows 10. Looking a bit further into the details, a different picture can be seen. The most standout for me is desktop resolution. Sure, most popular is 1920x1080 at 45.26%, but in second place is 1366 x 768 at 23.26%. That screams entry-level laptop for sure. This also ties into the top GPU stats. The 970 may be the most popular external, discrete GPU, but tying it to much else is a bit of a stretch. The top 4 most popular GPUs are all intel integrated GPUs, and account for 50% of the total. Now, that may be skewed a little if it counts both an IGP as well as a discrete, but I'm pretty sure the survey only takes the one being used for the primary display. The most popular VRAM amount is 1GB! Either way, seems to me the average gamer runs an entry-level laptop they have for school or work, with an integrated GPU and most likely shipping with windows 10. That's more than enough to play most games at decent speeds [particularly at 1366 x 768 resolution]. Dota 2, CSGO and the like will run more than well on such systems. It's a long way from someone running a 970. Reply 1 Zombie Jesus @zombiejesus Apr 4, 2017, 4:08pm Either way, seems to me the average gamer runs an entry-level laptop You probably don't want the average on bracketed data like this, the median is more useful. For screen resolution the median is in the 1920x1080 bracket (only 48.14% of users have resolutions below that) so the median gamer is running 1920x1080. The reason you probably don't want the average is because the average screen resolution is 1703x980 (which is closer to 1920x1080 than it is to 1366x768). You can't average the GPU brackets at all unless you assign them numeric scores somehow, but you can find the median (which I'm not going to do because there are way too many of them to bother). We can kinda see whether the median is in a mobile or desktop GPU though - 15.67% of DX12 GPUs are mobile, and DX12 GPUs make up 74.76% of all GPUs. To be able to hit the median mobile would need another 38.2% of total share but only 25.24% of GPUs are non-DX12 - in short, it's guaranteed that a desktop GPU is the median GPU, I'm just not sure which one specifically. Reply 0 edenist @edenist Apr 4, 2017, 4:19pm The term "average" doesn't really work here I suppose. A more accurate term would be the "majority" of users are using integrated graphics on a laptop. Reply 0 Zombie Jesus @zombiejesus Apr 4, 2017, 4:35pm I understand what you mean, I did outline why the data doesn't support that though. Out of all GPUs surveyed, 63% are desktop DX12 GPUs which puts laptop GPUs in the minority. The 1366x768 resolution is an interesting one but it turns out there are quite a lot of desktop monitors that have that native resolution. They're dirt cheap and I'd never buy one myself, but it could account for some of that 23.26% resolution share. Reply 0 edenist @edenist Apr 4, 2017, 4:55pm Oh yeah I see what you mean. I didn't realise that the percentages under each GPU type were only for that particular category [ie: DX11 or DX12], not a percentage of total. It's still hard to work out which are desktop and laptop, though [apart from the "M" designation in nVidia]. You can get non-'M' model GPUs in laptops, and AMD has no designation other than the series. The desktop resolution still speaks volumes though. I know you stated there's lots of cheap desktop monitors that are 1366x768. Perhaps, but there's no way anyone would get one unless they didn't know any better [ie: picking up a pre-built from Harvey Norman]. And even then, you wouldn't have a 970 in a system with that monitor [I would hope?]. I still pertain that 970 [and equivalent high-end GPU/CPU combo] based systems are still in the minority. And by no means represent a snapshot of the typical steam gamer. But hey, who knows, right? That's pretty much what I was really saying I guess, any conclusions derived from statistics always has some sort of assumptions thrown in. Reply 0 Zombie Jesus @zombiejesus Apr 4, 2017, 5:17pm I did my best to separate out mobile and desktop GPUs but AMD doesn't make it easy. Especially since with some models they use the exact same model number, which just doesn't help anyone. I don't think any missed ones would be enough to push mobile over 50% though. I agree that some conclusions need to be educated guesses or 'most likely' situations, but it is possible to get some concrete data out of the stats. Plus they're just generally quite interesting, like seeing how badly AMD is doing in the gamer market against Intel and Nvidia. Reply 0 edenist @edenist Apr 4, 2017, 5:40pm Yeah, the CPU stats for intel vs AMD seem about what I'd expect. 80/20 split, seems about right given the overwhelmingly poor performance of Bulldozer onwards. Will be interested to see if Zen brings some people back to the AMD camp. Once again I think the data may obscure things in the desktop GPU scene. I have no doubt nvidia would be in front, but I'd be incredibly surprised if it was anywhere near 80/20. I'd think more towards 60/40 range or better. The laptop graphics most likely skews this out quite a bit though. It's pretty tough to find AMD powered laptops [which is a shame, their APU's are actually nice little low-power units]. On that note, why are there no nVidia GPUs in the DX11 section? [Are all of their DX11 GPUs capable of DX12 as well?]. Reply 0 Zombie Jesus @zombiejesus Apr 4, 2017, 5:51pm They made DX11 cards software-upgradeable to support DX12, there weren't any hardware limitations that would prevent it. Nvidia has a handful of cards that are stuck at DX11, I'm more surprised how many AMD cards weren't updated. Hardware limit on the AMD design maybe? Reply 0 edenist @edenist Apr 4, 2017, 6:15pm So we've reached the comment depth limit of kotaku, haha ;-) Nvidia has a handful of cards that are stuck at DX11, I'm more surprised how many AMD cards weren't updated. Hardware limit on the AMD design maybe? They were updated in the exact same way nVidia's were. AMD's 6900 series and below use the TerraScale microarchitecture, whereas 7000 series and later moved to the GCN microarch, which is radically different. The 7000 series was released in 2012, initially as a DX11 card. All subsequent cards have received DX12 support through driver updates. Given the relatively tiny number of DX12 games, I'd say it's clearly not worth the time to support it on such old GPUs. Reply 0 over30yearsofsharing @over30yearsofsharing Apr 4, 2017, 2:38pm 'Free' Windows 10 upgrade vs a couple grand for the VR experience i wonder why 1 is more popular then the other Reply 1 Stimnos Guest Apr 4, 2017, 5:39pm I'm pretty damn sure, if valve actually would make the vive cheaper and actually make games for the thing, VR would go far. Been waiting a while now for a decent game, can't keep playing Arizona Sunshine because its the only good full game out Reply 0 riddick @riddick Apr 5, 2017, 3:25pm I think the Rift got a $100 price slash recently so pretty sure Vive will become cheaper. Not that I care for 1200p gaming, I have lived in the world of 4k for too long and now see the voids between pixels quite clearly on lower resolution screens. (unless its a real small screen, but I don't accept anything below 40" these days.) Reply 0 g-man @g-man Apr 4, 2017, 7:12pm just over half of respondents were using a system with only 4 CPUs, with almost 44% on a system with only 2 CPUs. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now BioWare Promises Big Changes For Mass Effect: Andromeda, Starting Thursday Patricia Hernandez 05 Apr 2017 7:00 AM Mass Effect. Andromeda had a couple of rough weeks thanks to high-profile technical issues, animation wonkiness, and general fan disappointment. In response to that feedback, BioWare has announced improvements to Andromeda that will start easing out the visual kinks, while also teasing some major changes yet to come. Valve Says They're Making Big Changes To Steam To Stomp Out 'Fake Games' Nathan Grayson 04 Apr 2017 8:00 AM Recently, Valve had two popular YouTubers, John "TotalBiscuit" Bain and Jim "Jim Sterling" Sterling, visit their offices. Over the course of a day-long series of meetings, the company laid out a roadmap for the future of Steam. Want Kotaku's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Watch Your Favourite Shows Anywhere With This Stream Unblocker Deals: How VPNs Can Protect Your Online Privacy Deals: Build The Game Of Your Dreams With This Unity 3D Training Deals: Stream Your Favourite Content For Life Without Geo Restrictions Trending Articles 1 BioWare Promises Big Changes For Mass Effect: Andromeda, Starting Thursday 2 Valve Says They're Making Big Changes To Steam To Stomp Out 'Fake Games' 3 Yooka-Laylee: The Kotaku Review Scientists Froze Some Grasshoppers Mid-Bang To Study Their Genitals The Inventor Of The World Wide Web Just Won A $1 Million Prize Scientists Are Developing A Contact Lens That Tells You When You're Sick This New Zealand Scientist's Test Could Settle The Loch Ness Monster Mystery Once And For All Titanfall 2 Execution Is Perfectly Timed Why Kirby Is Low-Tier In Super Smash Brothers An Essential Glossary For Overwatch Players HP Spectre x360: An Impressive All-Rounder More Research Shows That The Snowball Method Is The Best Debt Payoff Strategy Hump Day Deals: Ebay Tech Sale, Cheap 65-Inch 4K TV, US Netflix Unblocker The Proper Dining Etiquette For Enjoying A Bowl Of Ramen Here's One Way To Build A Cheap Mini NAS MORGAN STANLEY: Beware the bullish frenzy in coking coal prices May is trying to get the world's biggest ever IPO to list in London instead of New York Britain's government dropped big hints that the UK isn't going to have a EU trade deal before Brexit AUSTRALIAN STOCKS NOSE AHEAD: Here's what you need to know © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Kotaku International × Log in to Kotaku Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Kotaku User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Kotaku International Kotaku US Kotaku UK Close
VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 05/04/2017 12:12:46 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   world-news Last update 11:23 | 05/04/2017    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter Mercedes joins forces with Bosch to develop self-driving taxis Mercedes-Benz owner Daimler and supplier Robert Bosch [ROBG.UL] are teaming up to develop self-driving cars in an alliance aimed at accelerating the production of "robo-taxis". FILE PHOTO - A company logo on BOSCH building is pictured at the company's new research and advance development centre Campus Renningen during a guided media tour in Renningen, Germany, September 30, 2015.  The pact between the world's largest maker of premium cars and the world's largest automotive supplier forms a powerful counterweight to new auto industry players like ride-hailing firms Uber and Didi which are also working on self-driving cars. Technology companies and carmakers are striving to adjust to a shifting landscape in the auto industry as consumers increasingly use smartphones to locate, hail and rent vehicles, rather than going out and buying cars. The alliance not only marks an end to Daimler's efforts to develop an autonomous car largely on its own, but moves the auto industry's ambitions beyond simply developing prototype vehicles towards industrial-scale production of self-driving cars. Financial terms were not disclosed of the deal between the two German companies, which was announced on Tuesday. Bosch - which was founded in 1886, the same year that Mercedes founder Carl Benz patented the motorcar - will develop software and algorithms needed for autonomous driving together with the carmaker. Bosch said Mercedes would be able to use the jointly developed system for two years before it could be offered to competitors. The deal will help the automotive supplier make up ground in a competitive autonomous driving system sector where rivals Continental, Delphi, ZF [ZFF.UL] and others have also made heavy investments. For Daimler and its Mercedes division, teaming up with Bosch helps them throw more engineering resources at autonomous cars, allowing them to speed up the process of creating a production-ready system for autonomous cars by several years. The autonomous system will now be ready by the beginning of next decade, Daimler said, without disclosing when it had first envisaged the commercial launch of automated taxis, or robo-taxis. "The prime objective of the project is to achieve the production-ready development of a driving system which will allow cars to drive fully autonomously in the city," Daimler said in a statement on Tuesday. The company will continue to build and sell vehicles that can be manually operated by individual drivers. CAR COMES TO DRIVER The market for advanced driver assistance systems and autonomous vehicles is expected to grow from about $3 billion in 2015 to $96 billion in 2025 and $290 billion in 2035, Goldman Sachs said last year. Daimler is focusing its efforts on the app-based car-sharing and ride-hailing sector dominated by China's Didi, and U.S.-based Uber [UBER.UL] and Lyft. Like autonomous cars, this market is a big global growth area and is expected to expand by 28 percent a year to 2030, according to consultancy McKinsey. "Within a specified area of town, customers will be able to order an automated shared car via their smartphone. The vehicle will then make its way autonomously to the user," Daimler said. "The idea behind it is that the vehicle should come to the driver rather than the other way round." The cutthroat competition to launch self-driven cars has forced carmakers to shift strategy from an evolutionary towards a revolutionary approach. Instead of evolving driver assistance systems to achieve full autonomy, carmakers are now experimenting with radical car designs combined with software-driven development - which has led to alliances with technology companies. Mercedes-Benz's arch rival BMW teamed up with Israeli autonomous vehicle tech company Mobileye and chip maker Intel last year to develop new technology that could put autonomous cars on the road by 2021. Intel has since agreed to buy Mobileye for $15.3 billion, a deal which followed Qualcomm's $47 billion move to acquire Dutch automotive chip supplier NXP. Before deciding to partner with Bosch, Mercedes-Benz had two engineering teams, totaling about 500 people, working on autonomous vehicles. One took an evolutionary approach, upgrading the capabilities of conventional vehicles, while the other team took a more radical approach to the car's design. Bosch and Mercedes did not disclose how many additional engineers they would assign to the teams in Stuttgart and Silicon Valley. "Cars which do not rely on any driver input have a different architecture and sensor setup, with more radar and cameras," Christoph von Hugo, a senior Mercedes-Benz safety manager, told Reuters at a recent event to present safety systems. NO STEERING WHEEL NEEDED The current Mercedes E-Class can cruise without driver input on highways, keeping the distance to the car in front and staying in lane using a system which has "level 2" autonomy. Full autonomy - known as an "eyes off, brains off" or "level 5" system - does away with even the need for a steering wheel. "We don't want to wait until level 3 has arrived before we start with level 4/5. That will be too late," von Hugo said, adding the prospect of new revenue streams from maintaining fleets of robo-taxis was a big motivating factor for doubling up the carmaker's R&D efforts. Autonomous vehicles came closer to road-going reality after Google unveiled a prototype car which it developed with the help of Bosch back in 2012. Mercedes-Benz responded by developing an S-class limousine that drove 103 km (64 miles) between the German towns of Mannheim and Pforzheim a year later. Real commercial applications for autonomous cars will start to take off between 2020 and 2025, Ola Kaellenius, Daimler board member and head of Group Research and Mercedes-Benz Cars development told Reuters last month. "If you take the robo-taxi, you start perhaps in a city or several cities or areas of cities, and then you grow from there," he said. "The key is to get to something that you can commercialise, scale up." Bosch is already one of the world's largest suppliers of advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and recently announced an alliance with U.S. tech firm Nvidia to develop a self-driving computer for production cars. Mercedes-Benz and auto supplier ZF also have separate alliances with Nvidia. The Bosch-Daimler alliance will rely on high-definition mapping systems provided by HERE, the digital mapping firm owned by BMW, Mercedes, Audi and Intel. Source: Reuters Mercedes, Bosch, develop self-driving taxis   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on Amazon brings its business marketplace to Britain Colombia starts to bury 273 landslide victims, search continues Eleven killed in suspected suicide bombing on Russian metro train Nobel saga all over now as Dylan finally gets prize Indonesian rescuers fear nearly 30 people buried in Java landslide Chicago teen arrested in Facebook Live sex assault, others sought German prosecutors expect rulings in VW scandal this year: report Rescuers, locals dig for Colombia flood victims, 254 die Mongolian capital to ban low-grade coal to ease smog Ousted South Korean leader behind bars after arrest on bribery charges     Top Stories Coffee chains expand as profits remain high Ancient cinnamon gardens at Ngoc Linh Mountain Luxury cars flooding Vietnamese market Home appliance retailers gear up in race to expand Non-aviation revenue in Vietnam's airports less than other regional countries University education lags behind in curricula, lecturer quality Vietnam weak at river basin management: scientists Few students want to learn Russian, Chinese at schools Seafood sector aims high despite barriers in international market How high are airfares in Vietnam? Latest News Southern provinces plan bird flu prevention HCM City launches digital traffic app Apple aims for more control, less cost as it accelerates in chip design Mercedes joins forces with Bosch to develop self-driving taxis Unusual rain blamed for mass fish deaths in Nhieu Loc –Thi Nghe Canal Hanoi cuts off project launching expenses Vietnamese brand Asanzo to introduce first smartphone HCM City seen having more one-way roads Bad debt possibly three times higher than reported Demand for IT workers surges     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Computers Apple Says Mac Mini Upgrade Release Date Still Uncertain By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on April 5, 2017 01:21 PM The Mac Mini is Apple’s entry-level computer for those who want to try out or switch to the macOS. Since the computer is relatively cheap, consumers can use the device to gently ease their way into using macOS especially for long-time Windows users. However, for the last couple of years, the tiny computer has been sort of forgotten as Apple concentrated more on its mobile devices. The last time the Mac Mini received an upgrade was back in 2014. At the time, one might argue that what Apple did on the computer can hardly be called an upgrade. In fact, many have considered it as more of a downgrade. For one, it lost support for hyper-threading by using only Intel processors without hyper-threading support. Furthermore, Apple limited the upgradability of the system by soldering all the components onto the circuit board, including the RAM. Mac Mini (via apple.com) Because of these, some Mac Mini fans were a bit disappointed with the 2014 version which led to its lacklustre sales performance. For a while, Apple has remained quiet about the fate of the tiny computer until recently. In an article from Daring Fireball, Apple SVP Phil Schiller stated that the Mac Mini remains to be a fundamental part of the company’s product line. However, he also said that, at the moment, nothing much can be said about the device. Nevertheless, Schiller then said that Apple envisions the next Mac Mini as a mix between pro and consumer-level use. While the pronouncements are somewhat vague, it could mean that consumers can still expect to see the Mac mini sometime in the near future. While the possible release is still uncertain, it can be expected that the famous small form-factor computer will get a considerable performance boost on its release. As to how much a performance boost it will be, is anybody’s guess. It is quite nice to hear that the cheap and cheerful Mac Mini is still alive and kicking. It would be a shame if Apple completely ditches the computer without a proper send off. For more updates on the Mac Mini, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also Read: Apple iPhone 2019 Will Have In-house ARM and GPU Architectures Apple Says Mac Mini Upgrade Release Date Still Uncertain April 5th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:Apple, Mac Mini, release date, update Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Foldable Samsung Galaxy X Release Pushed Back Two Years iPhone 8 To Cost Less Than $1000, Display Size Smaller Than Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus iPhone Pro Is Not Real: Here’s All You Need To Know About The iPhone 8 In Pricing, Specs & Release About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured State Of Decay 2 Release Date Reveal At E3 2017 Confirmed By Undead Labs Persona 5 DLC: How To Get The Day One Bonuses Overwatch April 11 Predictions: 25th Hero Reveal, Daily Rewards, And More Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS The Sims 4 Developers Need Your Help For A New Stuff Pack The Sims team is reaching out to its fans to help them create a... Injustice 2 Gotham City Sirens: Catwoman Trailer Teases The Popular DC Team No one expected Injustice 2 Gotham City Sirens, since the upcoming game is a... Destiny 2 Release Details Leaked By GameStop; DLCs, Carryovers, And More Revealed By Bungie Last week was a good week for Destiny fans as Bungie had a lot... Pokemon GO Shiny Magikarp Spawns Confirmed Permanent, New Shinies Possibly Soon The official Pokemon GO Twitter confirmed that the Water Festival event has finally concluded.... Mass Effect Andromeda Update: Bioware To Address Feedback On April 4 It looks like Bioware will be discussing a possible Mass Effect Andromeda update soon,... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go featured Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook PC iOS pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Pokemon Go Update Marvel Stephen Heller Overwatch NBA 2k17 iPad iPhone 7 Blizzard Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement Cube unveils iWork 3X Apollo Lake tablet with a Surface Pro 4-style display 04/02/2017 at 1:00 PM by Brad Linder 7 Comments Say you want a 2-in-1 tablet with the same display as the Microsoft Surface Pro 4 tablet, but you don’t want to pay full price for Microsoft’s high-end hardware? If you’re willing to settle for a much less powerful processor, Chinese device maker Cube may have a solution. The company has just unveiled a new 12.3 inch tablet with a 2736 x 1824 pixel IPS display and an Intel Apollo Lake processor. It’s called the Cube iWork 3X and it should be available soon, with a Chinese price of 1999 yuan ($290), although it might sell for closer to $360 internationally. The tablet has an Intel Celeron N3450 quad-core processor, 6GB of DDR3 memory, and a 128GB solid state drive. It features HDMI, a USB Type-C port, a microSD card slot, and an 8,500 mAh battery. The Cube iWork 3X has a built-in adjustable kickstand that lets you prop it up on a table. It’s also designed to work with a keyboard cover, but it seems the keyboard will be sold separately. The tablet measures 11.8″ x 7.1″ x 0.4″ and weighs weighs about 1.6 pounds. via TechTablets and Weibo Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Leave a Reply 7 Comments on "Cube unveils iWork 3X Apollo Lake tablet with a Surface Pro 4-style display" Login with Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments Notify of new replies to this comment Notify of new replies to this comment Sort by:   newest | oldest | most voted Member Jerry Rioux Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Even $360 seems like quite a deal. For less than half the price of the Surface Pro 4 with the m3 chip, the Cube will only be 10% to 15% slower. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 2 days 9 hours ago Guest Michael Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. I picked up the HP Spectre x2 12 for the same $360. Brad did a brief video on it awhile ago…same Core m3 as the Surface Pro 4. Couldn’t be happier with the unit, the build quality is top notch. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 2 days 6 hours ago Guest South Florida Wireless Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. How did you get that for $360? Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 2 days 4 hours ago Member buzz86us Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Will likely come with an illegal copy of Windows that won’t pass activation Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 1 day 21 hours ago Member tony Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. … which you can immediately get rid of by installing Ubuntu in the same way as http://www.cnx-software.com/2017/02/07/installing-ubuntu-17-04-on-chuwi-lapbook-14-1-apollo-lake-laptop/ Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 1 day 19 hours ago Guest Rapport Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Chinese have no soul, look at the font of iWork360. That is, in a nutshell, chinese products. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 2 days 2 hours ago Member Jerry Rioux Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Just like the iPad, Surface Pro, Dell and HP computers, which are all made in China, too? Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 1 day 15 hours ago Latest News Samsung Galaxy S8 with 6GB RAM, 128GB storage launching in China Samsung's Galaxy S8 smartphone has a striking, high-res display, a speedy … [Read More...] Android 7.1.2 is rolling out for Pixel, Nexus devices Google Android O may be under development, but if you prefer running stable … [Read More...] Alcatel Flash is a 4-camera smartphone (2 front, 2 rear) Over the past few years we've seen a lot of phones with dual-camera systems. … [Read More...] Deals Deals of the Day (4-04-2017) Looking for a cheap, factory unlocked smartphone Amazon's got you covered. The … [Read More...] Featured articles What’s new in Android O? Google has released the first developer preview for Android O, the next major … [Read More...] Say hello to Liliputing’s new commenting system For the past 9 years, Liliputing's comment system has been powered by Disqus. … [Read More...] Gemini PDA is like a tiny Android/Linux laptop with premium specs (crowdfunding) Are physical keyboards for mobile devices making a comeback? TCL and BlackBery … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. You are going to send email to Send Move Comment Move
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews GNSS (Global Navigation Satellite System ) Global Market Segmentation and Major Players Analysis and Forecast to 2021 World GNSS Market Executive  Summary  GNSS market research report provides the newest industry data and industry future trends, allowing you to identify the products and end users driving Revenue growth and profitability. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/892002-world-gnss-market-research-japan-and-etc The Players mentioned in our report Garmin General Motors Ford Qualcomm Incorporated Apple Nissan Rockwell Collins Volkswagen Toyota Hemisphere GNSS BMW Intel Corporation Honda China First Automob. AgJunction Caterpillar NovAtel The report includes the forecasts, Analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players. Global GNSS Market: Product Segment Analysis GPS Glonass Galileo BDS Global GNSS Market: Application Segment Analysis Global GNSS Market: Regional Segment Analysis USA Europe Japan China India South East Asia Enquiry for buying report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/892002-world-gnss-market-research-japan-and-etc Table of Content-Key Points Covered Chapter 1 About the GNSS Industry 1.1 Industry Definition 1.1.1 Types of GNSS industry 1.1.1.1 GPS 1.1.1.2 Glonass 1.1.1.3 Galileo 1.1.1.4 BDS 1.2 Main Market Activities 1.3 Similar Industries 1.4 Industry at a Glance Chapter 2 World Market Competition Landscape 2.1 GNSS Markets by Regions 2.1.1 USA Market Revenue (M USD) by Types, Through 2021 Market Revenue (M USD) by Applications, Through 2021 Major Players Revenue (M USD) in 2015 2.1.2 Europe Market Revenue (M USD) by Types, Through 2021 Market Revenue (M USD) by Applications, Through 2021 Major Players Revenue (M USD) in 2015 2.1.3 China Market Revenue (M USD) by Types, Through 2021 Market Revenue (M USD) by Applications, Through 2021 Major Players Revenue (M USD) in 2015 2.1.4 India Market Revenue (M USD) by Types, Through 2021 Market Revenue (M USD) by Applications, Through 2021 Major Players Revenue (M USD) in 2015 2.1.5 Japan Market Revenue (M USD) by Types, Through 2021 Market Revenue (M USD) by Applications, Through 2021 Major Players Revenue (M USD) in 2015 2.1.6 South East Asia Market Revenue (M USD) by Types, Through 2021 Market Revenue (M USD) by Applications, Through 2021 Major Players Revenue (M USD) in 2015 2.2 World GNSS Market by Types GPS Glonass Galileo BDS 2.3 World GNSS Market by Applications 2.4 World GNSS Market Analysis 2.4.1 World GNSS Market Revenue and Growth Rate 2011-2016 2.4.2 World GNSS Market Consumption and Growth rate 2011-2016 2.4.3 World GNSS Market Price Analysis 2011-2016 Chapter 3 World GNSS Market share 3.1 Major Production Market share by Players 3.2 Major Revenue (M USD) Market share by Players 3.3 Major Production Market share by Regions in 2015, Through 2021 3.4 Major Revenue (M USD) Market share By Regions in 2015, Through 2021 Chapter 4 Supply Chain Analysis 4.1 Industry Supply chain Analysis 4.2 Raw material Market Analysis 4.2.1 Raw material Prices Analysis 2012-2016 4.2.2 Raw material Supply Market Analysis 4.2 Manufacturing Equipment Suppliers Analysis 4.3 Production Process Analysis 4.4 Production Cost Structure Benchmarks 4.5 End users Market Analysis Continued….. Buy this Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=892002 Contact Us: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager Ph: +1 646 845 9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349(UK) For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym CategoriesUncategorized TagsGNSS, GNSS Global Market, GNSS Market, GNSS Market Analysis, GNSS Market Consumption, GNSS Market Cost, GNSS Market Forecast, GNSS Market Growth, GNSS Market Manufacturer, GNSS Market Parameters, GNSS Market Revenue, GNSS Market Share, GNSS Market Trend, Google News, satPRnews, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pyelonephritis United States Drug Master File and Europe DMF 2017 Report Next PostNext Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease Treatment API Drugs Analysis 2017: Regulatory filings and Manufacturers Coverage Search Recent Posts Encryption Software Market Recent Industry Trends, Analysis and Forecast 2027 Global Hybrid Power Systems Market is Expected to Rise at a Remarkable CAGR During 2016 – 2022 Facial Recognition Market 2020: Top Key Manufactures (Transportation, BFSI), Overview, Growth Opportunities, Trends, Demand, Share and Analysis by 2017 Digital Elevation Models Market Industry Trends and Developments 2017 – 2027 Feature Film „Escape Room” Makes It’s Festival World Premiere Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Wednesday, April 5, 2017 15:02 (GMT+8) Taipei 28°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: Foxconn profit Taiwan Foxconn Electronics PC, CE Portable ICT manufacturing IT components, peripherals Server, IPC, cloud computing Software Article Comments (0) Related content Company info Print Email Taiwan market: Gigabyte to start marketing Sabre 15 gaming notebook Steve Shen, DIGITIMES, Taipei [Wednesday 5 April 2017] Gigabyte Technology will start marketing its 15.6-inch gaming notebook, the Sabre 15, in the Taiwan market in conjunction with Taipei Spring Computer Show 2017 to be held from April 7-10. The Sabre 15 is powered by an Intel Kaby Lake Core i7-7700HQ CPU paired with an Nvidia GTX 1050 Ti GPU and up to 32GB of RAM. Meanwhile, the company shipped about 15-16 million motherboards in 2016, down from 17.5 million units shipped a year earlier, according to a Chinese-language Economic Daily News (EDN) report. Gigabyte is expected to ship 4.5 million motherboards in the first quarter of 2017, the paper estimated. Tweet Categories: IT + CE PC, CE Portable Tags: gaming Gigabyte notebook Taiwan Taiwan market Topics: Taiwan notebook ODMs Companies: Gigabyte Technology Related stories Motherboard vendors see shipments drop in 1Q17 despite new AMD, Intel processors (Mar 23) Gigabyte revenues up almost 43% on year in February (Mar 8) Taiwan has 4 graphics card vendors among global top-5 in 2016 (Feb 17) China market: Asustek fails to reach DIY motherboard shipment goal in 2016 (Feb 14) Gigabyte Technology launches Quadro graphics cards in Thailand market (Feb 3) Asustek, Gigabyte, MSI to hike motherboard, graphics card prices in China (Jan 20) Realtime news Global semiconductor materials market grows 2.4% in 2016, says SEMI Bits + chips | 38min ago Taiwan market: Oppo leapfrogs Sony Mobile in smartphone vendor rankings Mobile + telecom | 55min ago Pause  |  View more Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 5 April 2017 | MYT 9:12 AM Mercedes joins forces with Bosch to develop self-driving taxis This new partnership forms a powerful counterweight to new auto industry players like ride-hailing firms Uber and Didi which are also working on self-driving cars. — Reuters FRANKFURT: Mercedes-Benz owner Daimler and supplier Robert Bosch are teaming up to develop self-driving cars in an alliance aimed at accelerating the production of "robo-taxis". The pact between the world's largest maker of premium cars and the world's largest automotive supplier forms a powerful counterweight to new auto industry players like ride-hailing firms Uber and Didi which are also working on self-driving cars. Technology companies and carmakers are striving to adjust to a shifting landscape in the auto industry as consumers increasingly use smartphones to locate, hail and rent vehicles, rather than going out and buying cars. The alliance not only marks an end to Daimler's efforts to develop an autonomous car largely on its own, but moves the auto industry's ambitions beyond simply developing prototype vehicles towards industrial-scale production of self-driving cars. Financial terms were not disclosed of the deal between the two German companies, which was announced on Tuesday. Bosch – which was founded in 1886, the same year that Mercedes founder Carl Benz patented the motorcar – will develop software and algorithms needed for autonomous driving together with the carmaker. The deal will help the automotive supplier make ground in a competitive autonomous driving system sector where rivals Continental and Delphi and others have also made heavy investments. For Daimler and its Mercedes division, teaming up with Bosch helps them throw more engineering resources at autonomous cars, allowing them to speed up the process of creating a production-ready system for autonomous cars by several years. The autonomous system will now be ready by the beginning of next decade, Daimler said, without disclosing when it had first envisaged the commercial launch of automated taxis, or robo-taxis. "The prime objective of the project is to achieve the production-ready development of a driving system which will allow cars to drive fully autonomously in the city," Daimler said in a statement on Tuesday. Car comes to driver The market for advanced driver assistance systems and autonomous vehicles is expected to grow from about US$3bil (RM13.2bil)  in 2015 to US$96bil (RM425.2bil)  in 2025 and US$290bil (RM1.2tril) in 2035, Goldman Sachs said last year. Daimler is focussing its efforts on the app-based car-sharing and ride-hailing sector dominated by China's Didi, and US-based Uber and Lyft. Like autonomous cars, this market is a big global growth area and is expected to expand by 28% a year to 2030, according to consultancy McKinsey. "Within a specified area of town, customers will be able to order an automated shared car via their smartphone. The vehicle will then make its way autonomously to the user," Daimler said. "The idea behind it is that the vehicle should come to the driver rather than the other way round." The cutthroat competition to launch self-driven cars has forced carmakers to shift strategy from an evolutionary toward a revolutionary approach. Instead of evolving driver assistance systems to achieve full autonomy, carmakers are now experimenting with radical car designs combined with software-driven development – which has led to alliances with technology companies  Mercedes-Benz's arch rival BMW teamed up with Israeli autonomous vehicle tech company Mobileye and chip maker Intel last year to develop new technology that could put autonomous cars on the road by 2021. Intel has since agreed to buy autonomous vehicle technology firm Mobileye for US$15.3bil (RM67.7bil), a deal which followed Qualcomm's US$47bil (RM208bil) move to acquire Dutch automotive chip supplier NXP. Before deciding to partner with Bosch, Mercedes-Benz had two engineering teams working on autonomous vehicles. One took an evolutionary approach, upgrading the capabilities of conventional vehicles, while the other team took a more radical approach to the car's design. "Cars which do not rely on any driver input have a different architecture and sensor setup, with more radar and cameras," Christoph von Hugo, a senior Mercedes-Benz safety manager, told Reuters at a recent event to present safety systems. No steering wheel needed The current Mercedes E-Class can cruise without driver input on highways, keeping the distance to the car in front and staying in lane using a system which has "level 2" autonomy. Full autonomy – known as an "eyes off, brains off" or "level 5" system – does away with even the need for a steering wheel. "We don't want to wait until level three has arrived before we start with level 4/5. That will be too late," von Hugo said, adding that the prospect of new revenue streams from maintaining fleets of robo-taxis was a big motivating factor for doubling up the carmaker's R&D efforts. Autonomous vehicles came closer to road-going reality after Google unveiled a prototype car which it developed with the help of Bosch back in 2012. Mercedes-Benz responded by developing an S-class limousine that drove 103 km (64 miles) between the German towns of Mannheim and Pforzheim a year later. Real commercial applications for autonomous cars will start to take off between 2020 and 2025, Ola Kaellenius, Daimler board member and head of Group Research and Mercedes-Benz Cars development told Reuters last month. "If you take the robo-taxi, you start perhaps in a city or several cities or areas of cities, and then you grow from there," he said. "The key is to get to something that you can commercialise, scale up." The systems and hardware expertise provided by Bosch will help Mercedes-Benz make autonomous car technology which can be produced in large numbers. Bosch is already one of the world's largest suppliers of advanced driver assistance systems and recently announced an alliance with US tech firm Nvidia  to develop a self-driving computer for production cars. Mercedes-Benz and auto supplier ZF also have separate alliances with Nvidia. The Bosch-Daimler alliance will rely on high-definition mapping systems provided by HERE, the digital mapping firm owned by BMW, Mercedes, Audi and Intel. —  Reuters Related Stories You May Be Interested Tunku Ismail reveals FAM are RM40mil in the red The islet few Penangites know Country Garden pledges refund for Forest City buyers caught in Beijing crackdown 8 types of runners you meet at a marathon Fantastic Australian wildlife experiences and where to find them Craft yourself a new career by embracing digital learning Others Also Read Copter ‘quietly’ attracts interest Rugby - Waratahs' Foley returns from concussion to face Hurricanes Blast in Pakistani city of Lahore kills at least four, official says advertisement Latest News South Korea’s high-tech economy threatened by Chinese catch-up Seattle judge blocks unionisation rule for Uber, Lyft drivers Kim Dotcom announces new Bitcoin venture for content uploaders to earn money Waymo targets second senior executive in Uber self-driving dispute New York's top court rejects Facebook search warrant challenge Most Viewed in Tech Samsung's foldable smartphone could land this year Kim Dotcom announces new Bitcoin venture for content uploaders to earn money South Korea’s high-tech economy threatened by Chinese catch-up Samsung to ride soaring chip profits in Q1, Galaxy S8 aura in 2017 Waymo targets second senior executive in Uber self-driving dispute Dell unveils the XPS 13 2-in-1 convertible laptop New York's top court rejects Facebook search warrant challenge Spotify to boost premium pay service with Universal Music deal YouTube unveils India mobile app for spotty Internet signals Need cash? Azimo lets recipients sort out money transfer headaches Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,445 Reviews & Articles | 54,727 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets AMD Ryzen 5 1600 reviewed, 6C/12T combats Core i7-5930K AMD is ready to hit Intel where it hurts with Ryzen 5 1600 By: Anthony Garreffa | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: 5 hours, 11 mins ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA AMD shook up the enthusiast level CPU market with the release of its Ryzen 7 1800X, a new 8C/16T processor that has some pretty good legs in multi-threaded applications - but what about the 4C/8T and 6C/12T parts? That's where the new mid-range Ryzen 5 family comes into play, with the first early review on AMD's upcoming Ryzen 5 1600 processor comes into play.     The new AMD Ryzen 5 1600 is quite the beast, with 6C/12T of performance - and priced at just $219... considering the Core i7-7700K (4C/8T, but it is a faster gaming CPU) costs $345. If we compare 6C/12T between AMD and Intel, then we look at the Core i7-5930K which still costs a huge $599 on Amazon. AMD is offering the Ryzen 5 1600 for nearly 1/3 the price, but offering 6C/12T performance for multi-threaded CPU performance, and now we have some leaked benchmarks to look over.     First up, some multi-threaded CPU-Z testing, where it beats the 4C/8T processor from Intel in the Core i7-7700K.     Next up, some Cinebench 15 goodness - where the 6C/12T lets loose, beating the Core i7-7700K and the 6C/12T chip from Intel in the Core i7-5930K.     1080p gaming performance is comparable to the Core i7-6700K, which is still one of the best gaming CPUs on the market.     What about 4K gaming? Yeah, some DAMN GOOD results from the Ryzen 5 1600! NEWS SOURCES:Videocardz.com, Tweaktown.com, Elchapuzasinformatico.com Recommended for You AMD preparing Ryzen 3 1200, mainstream 3.1GHz CPU The first sign of Kaby Lake X: the Intel Core i7-7740K... AMD Ryzen with 12C/24T appears, excites us all so... Samsung to invest $7 billion in 7nm chips production... >> NEXT STORY: AMD preparing Ryzen 3 1200, mainstream 3.1GHz CPU << PREVIOUS STORY: 007 producers confident in retaining Daniel Craig Related Tags AMD Intel AMD Ryzen 5 1600 6C/12T Intel Core i7-5930K Amazon Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Apple's next-gen iMac: 5K display and Kaby Lake CPU iPhone X concept is exactly what Apple needs to do Radeon RX 580, RX 570, RX 550 benchmarked leaked AMD preparing Ryzen 3 1200, mainstream 3.1GHz CPU AMD Ryzen 5 1600 reviewed, 6C/12T combats Core i7-5930KView More News Posts Forum Activity GA Z170 HD3 phase question? Best mainstream motherboard - Gigabyte or Asus 2017 model? Advice needed motherboard H270M-ITX/ac problems Apricorn Aegis Secure Key 3z and Configurator Review Patriot Memory LX 256GB microSDXC Memory Card ReviewView More Forum Posts Press Releases ASUS Republic of Gamers announces latest gaming lineup at Join the Republic: Outshine the Competition event Western Digital increases capacity of surveillance-class hard drives to 10TB ADATA SD700 durable external 3D NAND SSD wins Red Dot Award 2017 CD PROJEKT summarizes its 2016 financial results Destiny 2 announced: blockbuster sequel to the biggest new console video game franchise launch of all time set for September 8View More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News Trend Expected to Guide Quantum Computing Market 2025 New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/04/2017 — Some of the key players in Quantum Computing Market are Anyon Systems Inc., Cambridge Quantum Computing Limited, D-Wave Systems Inc., QC Ware, Corp., Quantum Corporation, Eagle Power Technologies, Inc., MagiQ Technologies, Inc., Optalysys Ltd., Lockheed Martin Corporation, Qubitekk, Inc., Rigetti & Co, Inc., and Intel Corporation. A quantum computer consists of building block known as quantum bit or qubit which is similar to the digital bits of a computer which are components of computers. The characteristics of quantum computing are best for making highly secure systems. Encryption is trending everywhere, from social media websites to banks and databases. Quantum computers can speedily sort larger databases as well as vast stores of various, unstructured data. With the help of silicon technology, quantum computers are built using current assembly processes, are the drivers of Quantum Computing market Artificial Intelligence (AI) is benefited by quantum computing as it provides massive processing power and logic for free decisions which will help AI technology to grow at an impressive rate. Quantum computing will assist scientists to compute molecular structure. Quantum photonics is an emerging trend which will have a positive impact in the coming future. Driving demand for secure communication, role of quantum mechanics in optimizing problems and sampling, use of quantum computing in photonic integrated circuits, role of Quantum computing in machine learning and Artificial Intelligence, use of Quantum cryptography for secure mobile transactions and impact of Quantum Computing on Artificial Intelligence is the driving factors for quantum market High-cost infrastructure and hardware used in quantum computing are the challenges in Quantum Computing market. Quantum teleportation will enable the development of an internet named quantum internet that permits to send the message using data encryption techniques and access to Quantum computing via cloud is the latest trend in the Quantum computing market which will contribute to the significant growth of quantum computing Request to view table of content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/14758 The Asia Pacific region is dominating the Quantum computing market followed by North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe and MEA region. Due to the rising competition, continuous innovation, an increase in applications in Quantum Computing are the factors for the significant growth in Quantum Computing market. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/14758 The research report presents a comprehensive assessment of the market and contains thoughtful insights, facts, historical data, and statistically supported and industry-validated market data. It also includes projections using a suitable set of assumptions and methodologies. The research report provides analysis and information according to market segments such as geography, technology, and applications. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Trend Expected to Guide Kosher Food Market 2022 Next PostNext Adslot Appoint Seasoned Ad Tech Executive as General Manager – North America Search Recent Posts Adslot Appoint Seasoned Ad Tech Executive as General Manager – North America Trend Expected to Guide Quantum Computing Market 2025 Trend Expected to Guide Kosher Food Market 2022 Motorcycle Market to Increase at Steady Growth Rate by 2016-2024 Global Atorvastatin Market- Pfizer, DSM Sinochem Pharmaceuticals, Ind-Swift, Cadila Pharmaceuticals, Morepen Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Military Military: The Intel Marine's bracelet finally makes it home from WWII Marine's bracelet finally makes it home from WWII Master Sgt. Harry Francis Campbell's bracelet was found by Steven and Simone Turner at Point Erin Park in Auckland, New Zealand, and was returned to his children during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton. Master Sgt. Harry Francis Campbell's bracelet was found by Steven and Simone Turner at Point Erin Park in Auckland, New Zealand, and was returned to his children during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton. Jeanette SteeleContact Reporter The bracelet of a WWII Marine finally makes it home from the Pacific. Marine Harry Campbell fought in the South Pacific at the Battle of Guadalcanal in World War II. The young man made it home from that bloody conflict, but his identification bracelet didn’t. Nearly 75 years later, a family in New Zealand found Campbell’s bracelet buried underneath six inches of sand on an Auckland beach. The bracelet was returned to Campbell’s children at a Camp Pendleton ceremony last week, and the experience has reopened a chapter of their father’s life that was rarely glorified. Master Sgt. Harry Fr Lance Cpl. Austin Mealy / 1st Marine Division Master Sgt. Harry Francis Campbell's bracelet was found by Steven and Simone Turner at Point Erin Park in Auckland, New Zealand. Master Sgt. Harry Francis Campbell's bracelet was found by Steven and Simone Turner at Point Erin Park in Auckland, New Zealand. (Lance Cpl. Austin Mealy / 1st Marine Division) “He was never boastful about it,” his son, Jim Campbell, said in a telephone interview Tuesday. “We learned more last Friday than I’ve know before. It filled in some of the gaps.” The Turner family of New Zealand found the bracelet while combing a beach there with a metal detector. They decided to find its rightful owner and return it. Welcome to The Intel, a blog examining the hot military news of the day The bracelet was typical of what some troops wore as a secondary ID. It bore Campbell’s name and his military serial number. On the back, someone inscribed the word Guadalcanal and the dates of the battle. The Battle of Guadalcanal is considered a pivotal campaign of the Pacific war. The Japanese held that portion of the Solomon Islands until the U.S. Marines launched a surprise attack in August 1942. In the ensuing battles, both sides took big losses to their ship fleets. But the Japanese suffered greater casualties on the ground, forcing them to withdrawal from Guadalcanal in early 1943. Campbell served with Camp Pendleton’s 1st Marine Division during that battle. Afterwards, before returning to the United States, the division was sent to Australia for rest and rehabilitation. That’s likely when Campbell lost his bracelet. From New Zealand, the Turners first reached out to the U.S. Marine sources in Hawaii. Someone there researched Guadalcanal and found Campbell’s name. Then they researched his whereabouts and discovered the plot at Riverside National Cemetery where the elder Campbell was interred in 2014. Next, the Campbells got a call from the Marines. Jim Campbell said were surprised when that phone call led to a honors ceremony Friday at Camp Pendleton, where leaders of the 1st Marine Division made Jim Campbell and his sister, Patti, honorary members. The Marine Corps band played “Waltzing Mathilda,” the division’s official song. The song is a nod to the post-Guadalcanal era when the division was taking time off in Australia. Jim Campbell said his father always held his wartime service close to his heart. After discharge, Harry Campbell went on to serve on the police force in his native Kansas City, Missouri, and then moved to California to work in the oil industry. The elder Campbell joined the Air Force Reserve, retiring as a master sergeant. But he always remembered his Marine Corps service. “He was very, very proud of it. Whenever he would meet another Marine, and they’d say, ‘Where were you at?’ and he’d say, ‘1st Marine Division’ and then he’d say ‘Guadalcanal.’ And just the admiration of the other people,” Jim Campbell remembers. Campbell said he only wishes the bracelet had been found sooner, so that his father could have seen accepted it in person. “It would have been wonderful to see the look on his face, and he could have filled in all the gaps that we are trying to do now,” Campbell said. But, he added, “He’s probably looking down with a great, big smile on his face.” Caption Investigation uncovers problems with America's fleet of nuclear couriers Office of Secure Transportation big rigs haul nuclear weapons and highly enriched uranium on the nation's highways each day. Office of Secure Transportation big rigs haul nuclear weapons and highly enriched uranium on the nation's highways each day. Caption Investigation uncovers problems with America's fleet of nuclear couriers Office of Secure Transportation big rigs haul nuclear weapons and highly enriched uranium on the nation's highways each day. Office of Secure Transportation big rigs haul nuclear weapons and highly enriched uranium on the nation's highways each day. Caption Overprescribed? Veterans and the painkiller problem 25-year-old Jeremy Thomas, a Marine Corps veteran, lost his hand when an improvised explosive device (IED) detonated in Afghanistan in 2011.  When he got home, he faced another near deadly battle. 25-year-old Jeremy Thomas, a Marine Corps veteran, lost his hand when an improvised explosive device (IED) detonated in Afghanistan in 2011.  When he got home, he faced another near deadly battle. Caption Navy's Third Fleet splashes through the South China Sea Navy’s supercarrier Carl Vinson shared the eastern stretches of the Pacific with the Navy’s Japan-based Seventh Fleet, Carrier Strike Group One was bisecting the South China Sea Thursday morning. Navy’s supercarrier Carl Vinson shared the eastern stretches of the Pacific with the Navy’s Japan-based Seventh Fleet, Carrier Strike Group One was bisecting the South China Sea Thursday morning. Caption One major obstacle to U.S. military cooperation with Russia A National Defense Authorization Act provision prohibits military cooperation until Russia stops its occupation and aggression toward Ukraine. (Jan. 24, 2017) A National Defense Authorization Act provision prohibits military cooperation until Russia stops its occupation and aggression toward Ukraine. (Jan. 24, 2017) Caption New doctrine for dealing with potential enemies like China, Russia, Iran The “distributed lethality” concept is catching on not only with captains in the surface fleet — destroyers, cruisers and smaller warships that during the past seven decades have often been used to protect aircraft carriers. The “distributed lethality” concept is catching on not only with captains in the surface fleet — destroyers, cruisers and smaller warships that during the past seven decades have often been used to protect aircraft carriers. jen.steele@sduniontribune.com Facebook: U-T Military Twitter: @jensteeley Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune Latest Most Popular Today's Paper Sports Jobs Homes Cars Contact Us 62°
  Guru3D.com Forums > General Chat > Frontpage news AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.4.1 driver download User Name Remember Me? Password Frontpage news Perhaps you have some news to report or want to check out the latest Guru3D headlines and comment ? Check it in here. Search Forums Show Threads   Show Posts Advanced Search Tag Search Go to Page...   Thread Tools Display Modes AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.4.1 driver download   (#1) Hilbert Hagedoorn Don Vito Corleone     Videocard: AMD | NVIDIA Processor: Core i7 5960K Mainboard: X99 Memory: 16GB Soundcard: X-Fi - GigaWorks 7.1 PSU: 1200 Watt AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.4.1 driver download - Yesterday, 19:39 | posts: 28,115 | Location: Guru3D testlab You can now download Radeon Software Crimson ReLive Edition 17.4.1 This release focuses onVR support and improved DP high-res support.... AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.4.1 driver download     Hilbert Hagedoorn View Public Profile Find all posts by Hilbert Hagedoorn     (#2) Raider0001 Master Guru     Videocard: R9 390 Processor: i5 6600 + Zalman CNPS10X Mainboard: ASRock Z170 K4/D3 Memory: HyperX Fury 2x8GB 1866 Soundcard: Creative PSU: Seasonic Platinum 1000W Yesterday, 20:54 | posts: 273 | Location: Poland another pointless featureless drivers with better yet dead VR support Intel Graphics: saturation option check Nvidia Graphics: saturation option check AMD Graphics: saturation option missing whats the future after Crimson ReLive ? missing Anti-aliasing ?     Raider0001 View Public Profile Find all posts by Raider0001   (#3) Silva Member Guru     Videocard: Asus R9 270X Processor: Intel i5 2500K Mainboard: Asus P8Z68 V-Pro Memory: G-Skill Sniper 4x4096Mb Soundcard: Logitech Z5500 PSU: Nox Urano VX 650W Yesterday, 21:29 | posts: 115 | Location: Portugal Quote: Originally Posted by Raider0001 another pointless featureless drivers with better yet dead VR support Intel Graphics: saturation option check Nvidia Graphics: saturation option check AMD Graphics: saturation option missing whats the future after Crimson ReLive ? missing Anti-aliasing ? Sorry about it, but could you explain that option?     Silva View Public Profile Find all posts by Silva   (#4) PrMinisterGR Ancient Guru     Videocard: Sapphire 7970 Quadrobake Processor: Core i7 2600k@4.5GHz Mainboard: Sapphire Pure Black P67 Memory: Corsair Vengeance 16GB Soundcard: ASUS Xonar D2X PSU: EVGA SuperNova 750 G2 Yesterday, 21:49 | posts: 6,227 It's like Vsync and Triple Buffering, only less useful. None of them work with the driver anyway.     PrMinisterGR View Public Profile Find all posts by PrMinisterGR     (#5) Noisiv Ancient Guru   Videocard: R9 290 ACIV 1150/1500MHz Processor: i5-4590 Mainboard: ECS Z97 Machine Memory: 16GB HyperX 2400MHz Soundcard: Teac UD-501->JBL LSR308 PSU: Silent Pro M700 Yesterday, 22:08 | posts: 5,495 Quote: Originally Posted by Raider0001 another pointless featureless drivers with better yet dead VR support Intel Graphics: saturation option check Nvidia Graphics: saturation option check AMD Graphics: saturation option missing whats the future after Crimson ReLive ? missing Anti-aliasing ? Missing AA haha. Hell, why not. Five people on AMD side fiddle with that, and ingame implementation is superior these days anyway. VR saturation.. LOL. In the time when half of old CCC is still missing? I am limited to DP1.1 although having perfectly DP1.2 capable display, gfx card and the cable. And short of Vega upgrade, I don't even hope for a fix. Best of all I'm not bitter haha. PS If you're into VR, you need Vega too     Noisiv View Public Profile Find all posts by Noisiv   (#6) Silva Member Guru     Videocard: Asus R9 270X Processor: Intel i5 2500K Mainboard: Asus P8Z68 V-Pro Memory: G-Skill Sniper 4x4096Mb Soundcard: Logitech Z5500 PSU: Nox Urano VX 650W Yesterday, 22:46 | posts: 115 | Location: Portugal Quote: Originally Posted by PrMinisterGR It's like Vsync and Triple Buffering, only less useful. None of them work with the driver anyway. Thank you. So basically useless because everyone is shifting to new tech like G-Sync and FreeSync. I'm not into VR either so I couldn't care less. Last edited by Silva; Yesterday at 23:18.     Silva View Public Profile Find all posts by Silva   (#7) Athlonite Maha Guru     Videocard: Sapphire Nitro+RX480 8GB Processor: AMD FX8320 / 4200MHz Mainboard: ASUS Crosshair V Formula Memory: Mushkin DDR3-2400MHz Soundcard: SB XFi Audio PCIe PSU: SilverStone ST75F-P 750W Today, 06:18 | posts: 1,076 | Location: Hawkes Bay Quote: Originally Posted by Noisiv I am limited to DP1.1 although having perfectly DP1.2 capable display, gfx card and the cable. And short of Vega upgrade, I don't even hope for a fix. Best of all I'm not bitter haha. Sounds hooky if you ask me if all 3 support DP 1.2 then that's what you should be able to do, first thing I'd look at would be the cable not all cables are DP1.2 compliant even some that say they are     Athlonite View Public Profile Find all posts by Athlonite « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Graphics Cards Input Devices Displays Printers Storage Networking Cameras Security Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Graphics Cards Input Devices Displays Printers Storage Networking Cameras Home Networking News AT&T trials open switches for better future services The carrier took a programmable chip from foundry to network in less than three months Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Stephen Lawson Senior U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Apr 4, 2017 2:55 PM PT Credit: Stephen Lawson More like this 25 Top Network and IT Industry News Stories of 2011 Intel lays foundations for SDN gear that could shake up networking Will software-defined networking doom the command line interface? Video These giant, missile-shaped devices carry the Internet across oceans A coast-to-coast network trial by AT&T last month, using open-source "white box" switches, pointed toward an imagined future of more reliable services that may come quicker than some people think. The carrier ran a trial on its core network earlier this year using switches based on chips from Intel, Broadcom and startup Barefoot Networks. The latter only started shipping in sample quantities in December, making the trial deployment a remarkably quick turnaround. Like other carriers and cloud providers, AT&T is aggressively shifting its network toward SDN (software-defined networking). As these changes are carried out across more infrastructure, they should give both service providers and subscribers more flexibility and higher performance. AT&T called its trial the first of its kind in the telecommunications industry. It set up white-box switches from two different manufacturers, using processors from the three merchant-silicon vendors, and ran an open network OS from SnapRoute on all three. The trial involved carrying customer traffic across the U.S. on the carrier's core network. All three chip companies sell networking processors that are available to any manufacturer, helping less established vendors better compete with big names like Cisco Systems that design some of their own chips. Barefoot's Tofino chip stands out because of its capabilities and the fact that it's so new. Announced last June, the Tofino is designed to be more highly programmable than conventional switching silicon. It also promises high performance, going through packets at 6.5Tbps (bits per second). After the processor started sampling in December, AT&T started working with Barefoot and white-box manufacturer Edgecore Networks. (Switch builder Agema Systems also participated in the trial.) Less than three months later, they had a switch based on Facebook's Wedge 100 design that not only did standard routing but also was programmed for new packet-processing functions. Those capabilities provide real-time information about the state of every packet on the network, said Andre Fuetsch, chief technology officer and president of AT&T Labs. He compared this new visibility to the move from X-ray to MRI (magnetic resonance imagery) in medicine. It will open up new capabilities the same way adding GPS to phones did, Fuetsch said. This will help AT&T deliver 5G wireless features including high speed and low latency, he said. Though SDN and network functions virtualization have shifted many network functions onto standard x86 servers, tasks like packet-by-packet inspection have to happen inside a switch to keep up with the kind of performance a Tofino-based switch delivers, said Ed Doe, Barefoot's vice president, product and business. Programmability allows customers to bring those functions into the processor. The speed with which AT&T put Barefoot's new switch chip into a trial surprised IHS Markit analyst Michael Howard, a longtime observer of network technologies. For subscribers, the kind of visibility that AT&T achieved could mean higher performance and more dependable service-level agreements, because the network will be able to constantly gauge what resources are required and make them available, he said. That will lead to a time when networks will be able to detect and respond to the needs of each application, Howard said. The task of matching up application requirements with network capacity, whether in a data center or in a service provider's cloud, will be over. But this won't happen overnight on a giant network like AT&T's, he said. The carrier's goal for this year is to have 55 percent of its network functions running on SDN. The outlook isn't so great for established networking vendors like Cisco Systems, IHS anslyst Cliff Grossner said. Cisco's traditional business has been built around dedicated routers and switches running proprietary software. Grossner compared this to IBM's one-time reliance on mainframes. "Some of these changes just don't match their current model at all," he said. Like IBM, Cisco is likely to shift its business toward software and services, a process that has already begun, Grossner said. Reached for comment, Cisco defended its place in open networking, saying it's working with several open-source organizations. "Cisco is playing a leading role shaping the communications industry transformation that is underway, working closely with leading service providers to shape the future of the industry," the company said in a statement. To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Networking Open Source Stephen Lawson is a senior U.S. correspondent for the IDG News Service based in San Francisco. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO AT&T trials open switches for better future services AT&T trials open switches for better future services The carrier took a programmable chip from foundry to network in less than three months Stephen Lawson (IDG News Service) 05 April, 2017 07:55 - - - - print email Comments IDG A coast-to-coast network trial by AT&T last month, using open-source "white box" switches, pointed toward an imagined future of more reliable services that may come quicker than some people think. The carrier ran a trial on its core network earlier this year using switches based on chips from Intel, Broadcom and startup Barefoot Networks. The latter only started shipping in sample quantities in December, making the trial deployment a remarkably quick turnaround. Like other carriers and cloud providers, AT&T is aggressively shifting its network toward SDN (software-defined networking). As these changes are carried out across more infrastructure, they should give both service providers and subscribers more flexibility and higher performance. AT&T called its trial the first of its kind in the telecommunications industry. It set up white-box switches from two different manufacturers, using processors from the three merchant-silicon vendors, and ran an open network OS from SnapRoute on all three. The trial involved carrying customer traffic across the U.S. on the carrier's core network. All three chip companies sell networking processors that are available to any manufacturer, helping less established vendors better compete with big names like Cisco Systems that design some of their own chips. Barefoot's Tofino chip stands out because of its capabilities and the fact that it's so new. Announced last June, the Tofino is designed to be more highly programmable than conventional switching silicon. It also promises high performance, going through packets at 6.5Tbps (bits per second). After the processor started sampling in December, AT&T started working with Barefoot and white-box manufacturer Edgecore Networks. (Switch builder Agema Systems also participated in the trial.) Less than three months later, they had a switch based on Facebook's Wedge 100 design that not only did standard routing but also was programmed for new packet-processing functions. Those capabilities provide real-time information about the state of every packet on the network, said Andre Fuetsch, chief technology officer and president of AT&T Labs. He compared this new visibility to the move from X-ray to MRI (magnetic resonance imagery) in medicine. It will open up new capabilities the same way adding GPS to phones did, Fuetsch said. This will help AT&T deliver 5G wireless features including high speed and low latency, he said. Though SDN and network functions virtualization have shifted many network functions onto standard x86 servers, tasks like packet-by-packet inspection have to happen inside a switch to keep up with the kind of performance a Tofino-based switch delivers, said Ed Doe, Barefoot's vice president, product and business. Programmability allows customers to bring those functions into the processor. The speed with which AT&T put Barefoot's new switch chip into a trial surprised IHS Markit analyst Michael Howard, a longtime observer of network technologies. For subscribers, the kind of visibility that AT&T achieved could mean higher performance and more dependable service-level agreements, because the network will be able to constantly gauge what resources are required and make them available, he said. That will lead to a time when networks will be able to detect and respond to the needs of each application, Howard said. The task of matching up application requirements with network capacity, whether in a data center or in a service provider's cloud, will be over. But this won't happen overnight on a giant network like AT&T's, he said. The carrier's goal for this year is to have 55 percent of its network functions running on SDN. The outlook isn't so great for established networking vendors like Cisco Systems, IHS anslyst Cliff Grossner said. Cisco's traditional business has been built around dedicated routers and switches running proprietary software. Grossner compared this to IBM's one-time reliance on mainframes. "Some of these changes just don't match their current model at all," he said. Like IBM, Cisco is likely to shift its business toward software and services, a process that has already begun, Grossner said. Reached for comment, Cisco defended its place in open networking, saying it's working with several open-source organizations. "Cisco is playing a leading role shaping the communications industry transformation that is underway, working closely with leading service providers to shape the future of the industry," the company said in a statement. Why Performance Matters When Building Your SD-WAN More from Silver Peak Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about BroadcomCiscoFacebookIBMIHSIntel Editor's Recommendations When will the IT project madness end? Ridley leads charge on 'intelligent built environments' in digital age Regaining trust after a digital government failure Tech dreams come true: Origin’s Kelly Ferguson reveals personal journey Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Accelerating digital business in the 4th industrial revolution Mastering the science of IT spend Read more Silver Peak Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers 2017 Trends: SD-WAN Advances Towards Mainstream Adoption How to Overcome Today’s Top ITSM Challenges Kingston Technology Moves to a Broadband WAN with Silver Peak CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Latest Jobs Contracts Manager NSW Head of Architecture, Global Financial Institution NSW ICT Project Manager NSW Senior Project Manager - Digital / Media NSW Contracts Manager NSW New Business Lead - Professional Services (Pre-Sales) NSW Data Analyst Lead SA Service Delivery Manager NSW Manager Portfolio Planning QLD Contracts Manager NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next ​Eftpos taps culture-of-innovation-as-a-service ​Catholic Education WA moves to Microsoft cloud Security industry “has failed the customer”, exec concedes as reborn McAfee spruiks ... CSO Online In pictures: Breakfast - Information governance in a digital world 10 things you may not know about Google New era, new buzzphrase: We're headed for 'Digital Cohesion' CSO Chinese hackers go after third-party IT suppliers to steal data Apple fixes wireless-based remote code execution flaw in iOS Politicians' web browsing history targeted after privacy vote A free decryption tool is now available for all Bart ransomware versions Privacy rollback can cause headaches for corporate security pros Computerworld Labor calls for independent review of govt digital transformation efforts Former NAB exec to take charge of govt’s Digital Transformation Agency TPG picks up additional Singapore spectrum Demand driving up cyber security salaries After Congress revokes Internet privacy rules, downloads double of VPN-equipped Opera browser ARN OVH to acquire VMware’s vCloud Air business Businesses need to up the ante on digital strategies in CX The heat is on for hybrid infrastructure services providers Finding and selling a niche in a digital world SonicWall brings its partner program to Asia-Pacific Techworld Amazon to refund parents over kids' in-app purchases, says FTC Cisco says Arista’s redesign moves not good enough AT&T trials open switches for better future services After Congress revokes Internet privacy rules, downloads double of VPN-equipped Opera browser Chinese hackers go after third-party IT suppliers to steal data CMO Carat secures Yahoo7 brand chief as CMO iSelect CMO on building the ultimate customer ‘life admin store’ Updated: ExactTarget co-founder joins Experian cross-channel marketing division following sale ​Coca-Cola data chief on the art of connecting with customers Google, Coles, Cambridge Analytica on harnessing data to offer personalised experiences Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Daimler, parts firm Bosch team up to make driverless cars - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Health Anchors and Reporters Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Hand It On Crime Stoppers Links Mentioned Investigators Slideshows 9News This Morning Power of 9 WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Headlines SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines 2016 Warrick Dunn Award Traffic Investigators Baton Rouge: Interactive homicide map THE INVESTIGATORS: Texas contractor skips out on Baton Rouge home repairs WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Contests Double Day Stirrin It Up Recipes Recipe Calendars About Programming The WAFB 9News Mobile Apps 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Contact 9 Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business Daimler, parts firm Bosch team up to make driverless cars By DAVID McHUGH AP Business Writer FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) - Automaker Daimler AG and industry supplier Bosch Group are teaming up to make driverless cars that they say could be on city streets at the start of the next decade. The companies would combine expertise in car making, sensors and software so that people in a specific part of town could order a shared car through their smart phone. The driverless car would pick them up and take them where they want to go. The companies said Tuesday the system would let people make better use of their time in cars and help those who do not have driver's licenses. The auto industry and tech firms have been investing heavily in autonomous driving technology. Many basic elements of autonomous driving are already in use, such as driver assistance systems that can keep cars in freeway lanes or detect pedestrians ahead. But legal issues surrounding driver responsibility remain to be solved. Other automakers are also working on the concept. BMW, a top competitor for Daimler's Mercedes-Benz luxury cars, has teamed up with chip maker Intel and Mobileye, maker of driver-assistance systems. Together they plan to have 40 autonomous BMW vehicles on the road testing the technology this year, and BMW says it will introduce an autonomous vehicle called the iNEXT by 2021. Last month at the Geneva auto show, Volkswagen showed off an autonomous vehicle with no steering wheel and facing sofa-style seats. Alphabet's Waymo, the former Google autonomous car project, is testing autonomous vehicles on public roads in the United States with test drivers aboard. The two companies provided little additional detail about the project in their statement but were clear that they intended to come up with an automated system that is "ready for production." The news release said they were aiming for what is known as Level 5 automation - with sensors and software controlling the vehicle fulltime. Bosch, headquartered in the German town of Gerlingen, near Stuttgart, has some 390,000 employees in 120 countries. It is a leading auto industry supplier, making vehicle safety and driver assistance systems, sensor technology and software. "By introducing fully automated and driverless driving to the urban environment, Bosch and Daimler aim to improve the flow of traffic in cities, enhance safety on the road and provide an important building block for the way traffic will work in the future," the companies said in a statement. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Gay rights organizations hail court ruling as "game changer" Gay rights organizations hail court ruling as "game changer" Gay rights organizations are hailing a Chicago appeals court ruling that companies cannot discriminate against LGBT people in the workplace as a "game changer.".More >> Gay rights organizations are hailing a Chicago appeals court ruling that companies cannot discriminate against LGBT people in the workplace as a "game changer.".More >> Trump, transgender and police shootings highlight election Trump, transgender and police shootings highlight election Posted: Wednesday, April 5 2017 1:27 AM EDT2017-04-05 05:27:24 GMT Updated: Wednesday, April 5 2017 1:27 AM EDT2017-04-05 05:27:24 GMT National political themes are resonating in numerous local elections across the U.S., including the nation's first congressional primary since Donald Trump was elected.More >> National political themes are resonating in numerous local elections across the U.S., including the nation's first congressional primary since Donald Trump was elected.More >> American Revolution Museum exceeds fundraising goal at $152M American Revolution Museum exceeds fundraising goal at $152M Posted: Wednesday, April 5 2017 12:47 AM EDT2017-04-05 04:47:20 GMT Updated: Wednesday, April 5 2017 12:47 AM EDT2017-04-05 04:47:20 GMT Philadelphia's Museum of the American Revolution says it has exceeded its $150 million fundraising effort, just weeks before it opens to the public.More >> Philadelphia's Museum of the American Revolution says it has exceeded its $150 million fundraising effort, just weeks before it opens to the public.More >> Navy showcasing repairs to historic warship 'Old Ironsides' Navy showcasing repairs to historic warship 'Old Ironsides' Posted: Wednesday, April 5 2017 12:37 AM EDT2017-04-05 04:37:37 GMT Updated: Wednesday, April 5 2017 12:37 AM EDT2017-04-05 04:37:37 GMT "Old Ironsides" is finishing up a two-year stint in dry dock.More >> "Old Ironsides" is finishing up a two-year stint in dry dock.More >> N. Korea fires ballistic missile ahead of Trump-Xi meeting N. Korea fires ballistic missile ahead of Trump-Xi meeting Posted: Wednesday, April 5 2017 12:37 AM EDT2017-04-05 04:37:16 GMT Updated: Wednesday, April 5 2017 12:37 AM EDT2017-04-05 04:37:16 GMT South Korea says North Korea has fired a ballistic missile into the waters off its east coast. More >> South Korea says North Korea has fired a ballistic missile into the waters off its east coast.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Tar Heels get it right this time, bring home the title Tar Heels get it right this time, bring home the title When North Carolina's slugfest with Gonzaga came to an end Monday night, the Tar Heels had all their answers: The national title was theirs, the nets were hanging around their necks, their redemption tour was a success More >> When North Carolina's slugfest with Gonzaga came to an end Monday night, the Tar Heels had all their answers: The national title was theirs, the nets were hanging around their necks, their redemption tour was a successMore >> Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon visits California Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon visits California Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has signed a climate change agreement with California Gov. Jerry Brown at the start of a five-day visit to the U.S. that comes as Scotland considers its independence from the United Kingdom More >> Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has signed a climate change agreement with California Gov. Jerry Brown at the start of a five-day visit to the U.S. that comes as Scotland considers its independence from the United KingdomMore >> Firefighters hoist dog out of 30-foot well in California Firefighters hoist dog out of 30-foot well in California Rescuers in Southern California have saved a dog that fell into a 30-foot well More >> Rescuers in Southern California have saved a dog that fell into a 30-foot wellMore >> Dems claim votes to block Gorsuch; GOP will override them Dems claim votes to block Gorsuch; GOP will override them Democrats claimed the votes they needed Monday to block President Donald Trump's Supreme Court nominee, but the victory was only fleeting, setting up a historic showdown with Republicans More >> Democrats claimed the votes they needed Monday to block President Donald Trump's Supreme Court nominee, but the victory was only fleeting, setting up a historic showdown with RepublicansMore >> A 'sci-fi' cancer therapy fights brain tumors, study finds A 'sci-fi' cancer therapy fights brain tumors, study finds It's not chemo, it's not radiation: It's a novel way to fight deadly brain tumors More >> It's not chemo, it's not radiation: It's a novel way to fight deadly brain tumorsMore >> Disco biscuits, Spanish fly: Cosby lawyers to argue evidence Disco biscuits, Spanish fly: Cosby lawyers to argue evidence Spanish fly and quaaludes could be on the agenda when Bill Cosby returns to a Pennsylvania court for the latest showdown over evidence in his sexual-assault case More >> Spanish fly and quaaludes could be on the agenda when Bill Cosby returns to a Pennsylvania court for the latest showdown over evidence in his sexual-assault caseMore >> Females are facing an off-ice fight at all levels of hockey Females are facing an off-ice fight at all levels of hockey The best women's hockey players in the U.S. can now make a living playing the sport they love thanks to a landmark agreement with USA Hockey after threatening to boycott the world championship More >> The best women's hockey players in the U.S. can now make a living playing the sport they love thanks to a landmark agreement with USA Hockey after threatening to boycott the world championshipMore >> Fire official: 4 lucky to be alive after boat capsized Fire official: 4 lucky to be alive after boat capsized Four people are recovering from minor injuries after their sailboat capsized and crashed into a California pier in a dramatic scene captured by multiple witnesses More >> Four people are recovering from minor injuries after their sailboat capsized and crashed into a California pier in a dramatic scene captured by multiple witnessesMore >> Juneau resident catches avalanche, waterfalls on phone Juneau resident catches avalanche, waterfalls on phone Carole Triem heard an unusual sound when she left an indoor swimming pool in downtown Juneau after her Friday morning workout More >> Carole Triem heard an unusual sound when she left an indoor swimming pool in downtown Juneau after her Friday morning workoutMore >> Trump urges former adviser Flynn to cut immunity deal Trump urges former adviser Flynn to cut immunity deal President Donald Trump has urged his former national security adviser to strike an immunity deal, even as congressional investigators rebuffed Michael Flynn's offer of cooperation in exchange for protection from prosecution More >> President Donald Trump has urged his former national security adviser to strike an immunity deal, even as congressional investigators rebuffed Michael Flynn's offer of cooperation in exchange for protection from prosecutionMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Mercedes joins forces with Bosch to develop self-driving taxis Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States FRB | Tue Apr 4, 2017 | 4:53pm EDT Mercedes joins forces with Bosch to develop self-driving taxis By Edward Taylor | FRANKFURT FRANKFURT Mercedes-Benz owner Daimler and supplier Robert Bosch are teaming up to develop self-driving cars in an alliance aimed at accelerating the production of "robo-taxis". The pact between the world's largest maker of premium cars and the world's largest automotive supplier forms a powerful counterweight to new auto industry players like ride-hailing firms Uber and Didi which are also working on self-driving cars. Technology companies and carmakers are striving to adjust to a shifting landscape in the auto industry as consumers increasingly use smartphones to locate, hail and rent vehicles, rather than going out and buying cars. The alliance not only marks an end to Daimler's efforts to develop an autonomous car largely on its own, but moves the auto industry's ambitions beyond simply developing prototype vehicles towards industrial-scale production of self-driving cars. Financial terms were not disclosed of the deal between the two German companies, which was announced on Tuesday. Bosch - which was founded in 1886, the same year that Mercedes founder Carl Benz patented the motorcar - will develop software and algorithms needed for autonomous driving together with the carmaker. Bosch said Mercedes would be able to use the jointly developed system for two years before it could be offered to competitors. The deal will help the automotive supplier make up ground in a competitive autonomous driving system sector where rivals Continental, Delphi, ZF and others have also made heavy investments. For Daimler and its Mercedes division, teaming up with Bosch helps them throw more engineering resources at autonomous cars, allowing them to speed up the process of creating a production-ready system for autonomous cars by several years. The autonomous system will now be ready by the beginning of next decade, Daimler said, without disclosing when it had first envisaged the commercial launch of automated taxis, or robo-taxis. "The prime objective of the project is to achieve the production-ready development of a driving system which will allow cars to drive fully autonomously in the city," Daimler said in a statement on Tuesday. The company will continue to build and sell vehicles that can be manually operated by individual drivers. CAR COMES TO DRIVER The market for advanced driver assistance systems and autonomous vehicles is expected to grow from about $3 billion in 2015 to $96 billion in 2025 and $290 billion in 2035, Goldman Sachs said last year. Daimler is focusing its efforts on the app-based car-sharing and ride-hailing sector dominated by China's Didi, and U.S.-based Uber and Lyft. Like autonomous cars, this market is a big global growth area and is expected to expand by 28 percent a year to 2030, according to consultancy McKinsey. "Within a specified area of town, customers will be able to order an automated shared car via their smartphone. The vehicle will then make its way autonomously to the user," Daimler said. "The idea behind it is that the vehicle should come to the driver rather than the other way round." The cutthroat competition to launch self-driven cars has forced carmakers to shift strategy from an evolutionary towards a revolutionary approach. Instead of evolving driver assistance systems to achieve full autonomy, carmakers are now experimenting with radical car designs combined with software-driven development - which has led to alliances with technology companies. Mercedes-Benz's arch rival BMW teamed up with Israeli autonomous vehicle tech company Mobileye and chip maker Intel last year to develop new technology that could put autonomous cars on the road by 2021. Intel has since agreed to buy Mobileye for $15.3 billion, a deal which followed Qualcomm's $47 billion move to acquire Dutch automotive chip supplier NXP. Before deciding to partner with Bosch, Mercedes-Benz had two engineering teams, totalling about 500 people, working on autonomous vehicles. One took an evolutionary approach, upgrading the capabilities of conventional vehicles, while the other team took a more radical approach to the car's design. Bosch and Mercedes did not disclose how many additional engineers they would assign to the teams in Stuttgart and Silicon Valley. "Cars which do not rely on any driver input have a different architecture and sensor setup, with more radar and cameras," Christoph von Hugo, a senior Mercedes-Benz safety manager, told Reuters at a recent event to present safety systems. NO STEERING WHEEL NEEDED The current Mercedes E-Class can cruise without driver input on highways, keeping the distance to the car in front and staying in lane using a system which has "level 2" autonomy. Full autonomy - known as an "eyes off, brains off" or "level 5" system - does away with even the need for a steering wheel. "We don't want to wait until level 3 has arrived before we start with level 4/5. That will be too late," von Hugo said, adding the prospect of new revenue streams from maintaining fleets of robo-taxis was a big motivating factor for doubling up the carmaker's R&D efforts. Autonomous vehicles came closer to road-going reality after Google unveiled a prototype car which it developed with the help of Bosch back in 2012. Mercedes-Benz responded by developing an S-class limousine that drove 103 km (64 miles) between the German towns of Mannheim and Pforzheim a year later. Real commercial applications for autonomous cars will start to take off between 2020 and 2025, Ola Kaellenius, Daimler board member and head of Group Research and Mercedes-Benz Cars development told Reuters last month. "If you take the robo-taxi, you start perhaps in a city or several cities or areas of cities, and then you grow from there," he said. "The key is to get to something that you can commercialise, scale up." Bosch is already one of the world's largest suppliers of advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and recently announced an alliance with U.S. tech firm Nvidia to develop a self-driving computer for production cars. Mercedes-Benz and auto supplier ZF also have separate alliances with Nvidia. The Bosch-Daimler alliance will rely on high-definition mapping systems provided by HERE, the digital mapping firm owned by BMW, Mercedes, Audi and Intel. Next In FRB BRIEF-Diamyd Medical invests in patent protection for Diamyd * DIAMYD MEDICAL INVESTS IN BROAD INTERNATIONAL PATENT PROTECTION FOR DIAMYD® AND NEW STUDY DRUG HAS BEEN PRODUCED Formosa Vietnam steel mill meets conditions for test runs a year after spill HANOI Formosa Plastics Corp's steel mill in Vietnam has met environment ministry conditions to start test runs, state television said on Wednesday, a year after a toxic spill from the plant caused the country's worst environmental disaster. BRIEF-Echo Polska says to raise 1.65 bln rand via accelerated book build * Announces an equity raising of approximately zar 1 650 million through issue of new ordinary shares MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Business Technology Qualcomm asks judge to toss FTC's anti-trust lawsuit Qualcomm filed a motion to dismiss the FTC's anti-trust lawsuit on the grounds that it fails to prove that the companies patent licenses cause competitive harm. Qualcomm filed a motion to dismiss the FTC's anti-trust lawsuit on the grounds that it fails to prove that the companies patent licenses cause competitive harm. Qualcomm filed a motion to dismiss the FTC's anti-trust lawsuit on the grounds that it fails to prove that the companies patent licenses cause competitive harm. Qualcomm says the FTC lawsuit should be dismissed because it fails to prove competitive harm. Qualcomm is asking a judge to dismiss a Federal Trade Commission lawsuit that alleges the San Diego wireless chip firm’s patent licensing practices violate anti-trust laws. The company filed its motion on Monday in U.S. District Court in Northern California. It argues that the FTC fails to show that Qualcomm’s licensing practices hurt competitors such as Intel and MediaTek in the cellular modem market – a key legal hurdle when bringing an anti-monopoly case. “This failure, after more than two years of (pre-lawsuit) investigation, reflects the fact that the FTC not only has not, but cannot, plead facts stating a plausible claim of competitive harm,” said Qualcomm in its dismissal motion. The FTC sued Qualcomm on Jan. 17 in the waning days of the Obama administration. Its lawsuit is one of several recent legal assaults on Qualcomm’s patent licensing business model. Apple also has sued Qualcomm over patent licensing in San Diego federal court. Qualcomm is expected to file a response in court to Apple’s allegations by April 10. Taiwan and Japan regulators are looking into the company’s practices. And South Korea’s anti-monopoly regulator fined Qualcomm more than $850 million late last year for violating that country’s anti-monopoly laws. Qualcomm has appealed the fine and regulatory ruling in the Seoul High Court. Qualcomm pioneered modem technology that connects smartphones and other wireless devices to cellular networks. While the company makes the bulk of its revenue from selling semiconductors that power wireless devices, it earns most of its profit from licensing its portfolio of thousands of mobile patents. In its dismissal motion, Qualcomm says the FTC’s legal theories are flawed, and it fails to provide facts that prove that Qualcomm illegally harmed competitors. “Having failed to meet even the most minimal pleading standards, the complaint should be dismissed,” said Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg in a statement. Dismissal motions are common in civil lawsuits. In January when the case was filed, current acting FTC Chairwoman Maureen Ohlhausen opposed the commission’s decision to sue Qualcomm. Some Wall Street analysts have speculated that Trump administration appointees to the FTC may not pursue the case. An FTC spokeswoman declined to comment at this time, saying further action in the case will be a matter of public record through court filings. Qualcomm’s shares ended trading Tuesday up 18 cents at $56.68 on the Nasdaq exchange. ALSO: Apple's lawsuit against Qualcomm signals escalating war on business model Under Trump administration, FTC lawsuit against Qualcomm could disappear Qualcomm faces FTC lawsuit over patent licensing Qualcomm slapped with $865 million fine from S. Korea regulator Qualcomm to pay $975 million in China probe Caption EpiPen recall expands The products can be replaced for free by contacting: (877) 650-3494 or customer.service@mylan.com. (April 3, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) The products can be replaced for free by contacting: (877) 650-3494 or customer.service@mylan.com. (April 3, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption EpiPen recall expands The products can be replaced for free by contacting: (877) 650-3494 or customer.service@mylan.com. (April 3, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) The products can be replaced for free by contacting: (877) 650-3494 or customer.service@mylan.com. (April 3, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption Will Congress kill a $101-billion tax break for Californians? The tax break is one of the most costly in terms of lost federal revenue. (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) The tax break is one of the most costly in terms of lost federal revenue. (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption Virgin America will disappear into Alaska Airlines in 2019 Virgin America will be fully absorbed by Alaska Airlines by the end of 2019. (March 23, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Virgin America will be fully absorbed by Alaska Airlines by the end of 2019. (March 23, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption Disney CEO Robert Iger extends his contract as search for a successor continues Walt Disney Co. Chairman and Chief Executive Robert Iger has extended his contract by one year. (March 23, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Walt Disney Co. Chairman and Chief Executive Robert Iger has extended his contract by one year. (March 23, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption 17,000 AT&T workers in California and Nevada go on strike An estimated 17,000 AT&T technicians in California and Nevada went on strike March 22. (March 22, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) An estimated 17,000 AT&T technicians in California and Nevada went on strike March 22. (March 22, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) mike.freeman@sduniontribune.com; Twitter:@TechDiego 760-529-4973 Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune Intel Corp. 'Rick and Morty' may have revived McDonald's 1998 Szechuan McNugget sauce Trump's border wall just got real: The builders have submitted their plans Exclusive: Preview Trump border wall proposals Latest Most Popular Today's Paper Sports Jobs Homes Cars Contact Us 62°
Music News Entertainment Politics Features Share < br />this article: Alex Jones goes on homophobic rant against Adam Schiff, threatens to ‘beat your goddamn ass’ In News by Maggie Serota / April 4, 2017 Share < br />this article: Follow @maggieserota On March 30, Infowars founder and tinfoil hat enthusiast Alex Jones had the ’60s Batman villain Roger Stone on as a guest and it was a goddamn meeting of the minds. When addressing the topic of the congressional investigation into the Trump campaign’s ties to the Kremlin and the implication that longtime Trump ally Stone colluded with hacker Guccifer 2.0 prior to the release of the Podesta emails, Jones managed to veer into an unhinged homophobic rant where he vowed to assult House Intel Committee member Adam Schiff. Jones also called the California congressman a “fairy” and a “cocksucker.” oh my – just wow pic.twitter.com/qeSPAPbUCr — Oliver Darcy (@oliverdarcy) April 4, 2017 Usually, Jones saying crazy shit isn’t news. He shouts unfounded conjecture into a webcam for hours on end each day and managed to make a living off of it. That being said, this is also a guy whom President Trump trusts and, according to Jones, calls him for advice. In addition to pushing the insane conspiracy theory that the Sandy Hook massacre was a hoax and spreading the dangerous lie that is Pizzagate, Jones went off on an off the charts anti-gay rant on Schiff. “Let me tell, I’m not against gay people. Okay. I love them, they’re great folks,” said Jones. “But Schiff looks like the archetypal cocksucker with those little deer-in-the-headlight eyes and all his stuff.” We all knew to buckle up when Jones said “I’m not against gay people.” Here’s the rest of the rant: And there’s something about this fairy, hopping around, bossing everybody around, trying to intimidate people like me and you, I want to tell Congressman Schiff and all the rest of them, “Hey listen asshole, quit saying Roger and I” — and I’ve never used cussing in 22 years but the gloves are off — “listen you son of a bitch, what the fuck’s your problem? You want to sit here and say that I’m a goddamn, fucking Russian. You get in my face with that I’ll beat your goddamn ass, you son of a bitch. You piece of shit. You fucking goddamn fucker. Listen, fuck head, you have fucking crossed a line. Get that through your goddamn fucking head. Stop pushing your shit. You’re the people that have fucked this country over and gang-raped the shit out of it and lost an election. So stop shooting your mouth off claiming I’m the enemy. You got that you goddamn son of a bitch? Fill your hand.” I’m sorry, but I’m done. You start calling me a foreign agent, those are fucking fighting words. Excuse me. It’s really an accomplishment when Stone is part of a conversation and he manages to come across like the composed and stable one. [screen shot: Infowars] Tags: adam schiff, Alex Jones, roger stone 0 Recommended for you Alex Jones walked back Pizzagate claims because he was afraid of getting sued Roger Stone to appear as lead guest on ‘Real Time with Bill Maher’ Schiff calls for Nunes to recuse himself from Russia investigation Alex Jones apologizes for spreading Pizzagate lies, then passes the buck to other outlets Nunes cancels open Russia hearing, Schiff blasts his ass Comey confirms FBI, Justice Dept. have no evidence supporting Trump’s wiretapping claims sign up to get the latest deathandtaxes news Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Sign Up More on Death and Taxes Pork chop sandwiches! Fensler's 'G.I. Joe' PSA parodies remastered in HD Trump phoned Dem senator to discuss 'complete opportunity' to pass gun control reform Mayor John Fetterman and the Democrats’ best hope MUSIC NEWS ENTERTAINMENT POLITICS FEATURES CONTACT US Death and Taxes.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group. About Death and Taxes Privacy Policy Copyright Billboard | The Hollywood Reporter | SPIN | VIBE | deathandtaxesmag | Stereogum
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Carter Page, ex-Donald Trump adviser, admits to communication with Russian spy By admin in Uncategorized April 4, 2017 Washington: Carter Page, who served briefly as a foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump’s presidential campaign, made an appearance in a federal espionage case several years ago because he communicated with a Russian intelligence agent under surveillance by the FBI.In a statement released on Tuesday, Page confirmed his role in the 2015 Justice Department spy case, adding another twist to the still unfolding story of Donald Trump’s peculiar and expanding ties to people connected to Russia. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don’t Play Up Next Britain to protect Gibraltar ‘all the way’ Play Video Don’t Play Video duration 01:37 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 00:58 Intel Committee begins Russia … Intel Committee begins Russia interference hearing Senator Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, says he won’t prejudge the probe into the possible links between the Trump campaign and Russia, saying “We are seeking to determine if there’s an actual fire where there’s clearly a lot of smoke.” Up Next Britain to protect Gibraltar ‘all the way’ Play Video Don’t Play Video duration 01:37 Video duration 01:37 Britain to protect Gibraltar ‘all the way’ Britain to protect Gibraltar ‘all the way’ British Defence Secretary Michael Fallon vows to protect Gibraltar after the European Union offered Spain a right of veto over Gibraltar’s future relations with the bloc. Vision courtesy: BBC’s Andrew Marr show, Sky News – Sophy Ridge on Sunday Up Next Passengers flee Russian metro blast Play Video Don’t Play Video duration 01:12 Video duration 01:12 Passengers flee Russian metro blast Passengers flee Russian metro blast An explosion tore through a train carriage on the St Petersburg metro system, killing at least 11 people and injuring dozens more on Monday. Up Next Huge warehouse fire destroys trucks and cars Play Video Don’t Play Video duration 00:58 Video duration 00:58 Huge warehouse fire destroys trucks and … Huge warehouse fire destroys trucks and cars A massive blaze in Opa-locka, Florida destroys trucks and cars before 22 fire units are able to get it under control. Up Next Stakes high as China’s president heads to US Play Video Don’t Play Video duration 01:44 Video duration 01:44 Stakes high as China’s president heads to … Stakes high as China’s president heads to US US President Donald Trump will push China to take action against North Korea and the US-China trade deficit when he meets his Chinese counterpart, President Xi Jinping, for the first time. Up Next The human microchip is here Play Video Don’t Play Video duration 01:25 Video duration 01:25 The human microchip is here The human microchip is here Implanted under the skin, a Swedish company is offering human microchips to their employees to replace keys and cards, but at what cost to their privacy? Up Next Dog rescued from 10-metre well Play Video Don’t Play Video duration 00:30 Video duration 00:30 Dog rescued from 10-metre well Dog rescued from 10-metre well Video captures a Southern California rescue crew saving a 13-year-old Welsh terrier named Lucy from a well 10-metres deep. Up Next Democrats set to block Trump nominee Play Video Don’t Play Video duration 02:02 Video duration 02:02 Democrats set to block Trump nominee Democrats set to block Trump nominee US Democrats amass enough support to block a senate confirmation vote on President Donald Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch, but Republicans vow to change the senate rules to ensure the conservative judge gets the lifetime job. More videos Intel Committee begins Russia interference hearing Senator Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, says he won’t prejudge the probe into the possible links between the Trump campaign and Russia, saying “We are seeking to determine if there’s an actual fire where there’s clearly a lot of smoke.” Page said he assisted US prosecutors in their case against Evgeny Buryakov, an undercover Kremlin agent posing then as a bank executive in New York. Buryakov was convicted of espionage and released from federal prison just last week, a few months short of completing a 30-month sentence. Buryakov agreed to be immediately deported to Russia.Page’s involvement was first disclosed Monday by Buzzfeed, which said Page was identified as “Male 1″ in the Justice Department’s complaint against Russian spy network based in New York. Related Content Top Democrat says White House is trying to distract from Russia probe Putin: I’d be ‘glad’ to meet with Trump In a written exchange with The Washington Post, Page confirmed playing a role in the case but declined to discuss details.”Given the very light masking in the original document from January 2015, you can draw your own conclusions,” Page wrote. Advertisement According to the court records, the FBI interviewed Page as part of the case against three Russian men identified as agents of the Russian overseas intelligence agency, the SVR. One of them, Buryakov, was operating undercover as an executive in the New York office of a Russian development bank, VneshEconomBank.The case resurfaced in news accounts last week when President Donald Trump’s adviser and son-in-law, Jared Kushner, acknowledged he had met with the head of the same bank in December. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link In this May 25, 2016, courtroom drawing, defendant Evgeny Buryakov, left, stands with his attorney Scott Hershman during sentencing on espionage charges in New York. Photo: AP The complaint includes transcripts from 2013 of wiretapped conversations among the Russians discussing their efforts to recruit Male 1, identified as a New York energy trader whom the Russians described as willing to talk.In his statement, Page compared the revelation of his role to “the politically-motivated unmasking standards seen in the Obama Administration which have recently been exposed.” … Post navigation Dustin Johnson to launch Masters title bid with Bubba Watson, Jimmy Walker Kusal Perera guides Sri Lanka to six-wicket win Search for: Recent Posts Blast in eastern Pakistan kills at least six Energy Regulator to Decide on Heat Energy Price on April 7 Colcoa French Film Fest opens with Claude Lelouch’s “Everyone’s Life” Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Smartphone Review Sydney measles outbreak: six people infected, spent time in Children’s Hospital at Westmead Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 55° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Cloudy with rain. Tonight Showers this evening, becoming a steady rain overnight. Low 41F. ENE winds at 5 to 10 mph, increasing to 15 to 25 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall near a half an inch. Updated: April 4, 2017 @ 4:15 pm Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports Close Matthias Schrader FILE- In this Feb. 2, 2017 file photo, the logo of Mercedes is photographed at the annual news conference at the company's headquarters in Stuttgart, Germany. Automaker Daimler AG and parts supplier Bosch Group say they are teaming up to make driverless cars that they say could be on city streets at the start of the next decade. The companies would combine expertise in car making, sensors and software so that people in a specific part of town could order a shared car through their smart phone. The driverless car would then come pick them up and take them where they want to go. The companies said Tuesday, April 4, 2017 the system would let people make better use of their time in cars and help those who do not have driver’s licenses. (AP Photo/Matthias Schrader,file) AP Daimler, parts firm Bosch team up to make driverless cars By DAVID McHUGH AP Business Writer Apr 4, 2017 Updated 5 hrs ago 0 Matthias Schrader FILE- In this Feb. 2, 2017 file photo, the logo of Mercedes is photographed at the annual news conference at the company's headquarters in Stuttgart, Germany. Automaker Daimler AG and parts supplier Bosch Group say they are teaming up to make driverless cars that they say could be on city streets at the start of the next decade. The companies would combine expertise in car making, sensors and software so that people in a specific part of town could order a shared car through their smart phone. The driverless car would then come pick them up and take them where they want to go. The companies said Tuesday, April 4, 2017 the system would let people make better use of their time in cars and help those who do not have driver’s licenses. (AP Photo/Matthias Schrader,file) FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — Automaker Daimler AG and industry supplier Bosch Group are teaming up to make driverless cars that they say could be on city streets at the start of the next decade. The companies would combine expertise in car making, sensors and software so that people in a specific part of town could order a shared car through their smart phone. The driverless car would pick them up and take them where they want to go. The companies said Tuesday the system would let people make better use of their time in cars and help those who do not have driver's licenses. The auto industry and tech firms have been investing heavily in autonomous driving technology. Many basic elements of autonomous driving are already in use, such as driver assistance systems that can keep cars in freeway lanes or detect pedestrians ahead. But legal issues surrounding driver responsibility remain to be solved. Other automakers are also working on the concept. BMW, a top competitor for Daimler's Mercedes-Benz luxury cars, has teamed up with chip maker Intel and Mobileye, maker of driver-assistance systems. Together they plan to have 40 autonomous BMW vehicles on the road testing the technology this year, and BMW says it will introduce an autonomous vehicle called the iNEXT by 2021. Last month at the Geneva auto show, Volkswagen showed off an autonomous vehicle with no steering wheel and facing sofa-style seats. Alphabet's Waymo, the former Google autonomous car project, is testing autonomous vehicles on public roads in the United States with test drivers aboard. The two companies provided little additional detail about the project in their statement but were clear that they intended to come up with an automated system that is "ready for production." The news release said they were aiming for what is known as Level 5 automation — with sensors and software controlling the vehicle fulltime. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Bosch, headquartered in the German town of Gerlingen, near Stuttgart, has some 390,000 employees in 120 countries. It is a leading auto industry supplier, making vehicle safety and driver assistance systems, sensor technology and software. "By introducing fully automated and driverless driving to the urban environment, Bosch and Daimler aim to improve the flow of traffic in cities, enhance safety on the road and provide an important building block for the way traffic will work in the future," the companies said in a statement. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business General News Driverless Cars Automotive Technology Industrial Technology Technology Automobile Manufacturing Consumer Product Manufacturing Consumer Products And Services Automobile Parts Manufacturing × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Trending now West Liberty man charged in death of Muscatine bicyclist Fake news story about Muscatine Mall shared over social media Neil Hyink Alexander: Muscatine Mayor Broderson hints at political deal during impeachment trial Live updates: Muscatine mayor impeachment hearing Business Directory Latest Local Offers Beckey Insurance & Financial Services Protect yourself with retirement planning and income planning from Beckey Insurance & Financial Services. Call today to learn more - 563-263-9700 Updated Mar 31, 2017 Non-Emergency Transport Non-Emergency Transport Specializes in Non-Emergency Trips like Doctors Appointments, Rides to the Aiprort and More! Click Here for Details! 563-299-3513 Updated Mar 31, 2017 Latest e-Edition The Muscatine Journal 16 hours ago Related Related Page A1 Page A2 Page A3 Page A4 Page A5 Page A6 Page B1 Page B2 (0) More on this topic French contenders stake out economic positions in debate Brazil soap star Jose Mayer apologizes for sexual harassment Greek envoys in Brussels to try and break bailout stalemate Police fire pepper spray at opposition march in Venezuela German spelunker discovers Europe's first cave fish Currents Entertainment Celebrity couples who have called it quits in 2017 National The 50 cities where trash collectors are paid the least Features 18 items everyone should have for basic clothing fixes Today’s top pics: North Carolina captures NCAA title and more Chimp at zoo throws feces in woman's face Your daily 6: A feces-flinging chimp, bracing for border wall and whistles rule at title game Today In History, April 4: Martin Luther King Jr. Nations turn to Plan B for hockey at Olympics with no NHL Kentucky is No. 1 in too-early preseason Top 25 for 2017-18 Fox thrives despite scandals involving O'Reilly and Ailes Roger Federer, Microsoft's Gates to play doubles for charity Latest Local Offers Beckey Insurance & Financial Services specializes in providing Senior and Medicare related products. Call today to learn more - 563-263-9700 Establishing, reviewing, and updating your personal insurance plans and products can be a da… Beckey Insurance & Financial Services 102 W 2nd St , Muscatine, IA 52761 563-263-9700 Currently Open Ads Protect yourself with retirement planning and income planning from Beckey Insurance & Financial Services. Call today to learn more - 563-263-9700 Establishing, reviewing, and updating your personal insurance plans and products can be a da… Beckey Insurance & Financial Services 102 W 2nd St , Muscatine, IA 52761 563-263-9700 Currently Open Ads State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann offers a wonderful referral program - Refer someone to our office and receive a $10 gift card. For more information, call now! 563-263-2744 State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann is here to provide insurance protection to help each and e… Amanda Buenemann State Farm 2711 University Dr., Muscatine , IA 52761 563-263-2744 TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Trump WH still under fire for Russia contacts Muslim women rap against intolerance Private land could be seized to build wall Adam Schiff: Nunes still leading Russia probe Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania Topics & Features Obituaries E-Edition Weather Contact Us River Levels Online Features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
BREAKING NEWS: Yuan slips against the dollar as traders anxiously await Trump-Xi meeting … Oil rises to near 1-month high on tightening of supplies … China holds up Asia stocks; oil gains on North Sea outage … Four army personnel among six martyred in Lahore suicide blast … Somali pirates hijack Pakistani boat … Asian currencies slip, focus on coming US-China summit … Palm hits week-high tracking stronger rival oils, better exports … Dollar pressured ahead of Trump-Xi summit, N.Korea concerns � … Russia says Syria gas incident caused by rebels' own chemical arsenal … Trump, Xi hold first summit with N. Korea at the fore … Menu Home Top News From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors Markets Politics & Policy PM passionate to revive glory of.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 02:56 IHC issues notice in bail application.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 02:54 CM grieved over death of 1965.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 02:53 Turkish delegation calls on labour minister Parvez Jabri Apr 4th, 2017 20:48 FPCCI launches holding of Pak investment.. Parvez Jabri Apr 4th, 2017 20:28 Load shedding to end from country.. Parvez Jabri Apr 4th, 2017 19:32 Chinese Parliamentary delegation to arrive on.. Parvez Jabri Apr 4th, 2017 19:27 World Africa Europe Global Business & Economy Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Russia says Syria gas incident caused.. Imaduddin Apr 5th, 2017 11:00 North Korea fires projectile into sea.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 03:51 S&P raises Argentina’s credit rating .. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 03:44 US Senate clashes over Trump Supreme.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 03:42 US Senate leader says has enough.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 03:12 White House official: North Korea is.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 03:10 Trump son Eric calls nepotism ‘factor.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 03:01 Business Banking & Finance Industries & Sectors Managed Funds Real Estate Petrobras CEO says Exxon expressed ‘strong.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 02:43 BMW, Allstate pull ads from ‘O’Reilly.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 02:17 Italy’s Veneto banks confirm capital shortfall.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 02:00 Ukraine central bank cuts foreign currency.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 01:20 Scotiabank defends record on sales practices.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 01:10 Russia’s Gazprom says China’s CNPC to.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 01:08 Russia finance ministry to offer 42.9bn.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 01:05 Markets Commodities Energy Equity Fixed Income FXMM Yuan slips against the dollar as.. Imaduddin Apr 5th, 2017 11:49 Oil rises to near 1-month high.. Imaduddin Apr 5th, 2017 11:48 China holds up Asia stocks; oil.. Imaduddin Apr 5th, 2017 11:25 Asian currencies slip, focus on coming.. Imaduddin Apr 5th, 2017 11:09 Palm hits week-high tracking stronger rival.. Imaduddin Apr 5th, 2017 11:08 Dollar pressured ahead of Trump-Xi summit,.. Imaduddin Apr 5th, 2017 11:02 Tokyo stocks up by break Imaduddin Apr 5th, 2017 08:45 Stocks Stocks Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Football Hockey Olympic London 2012 Other Sports Football: We’d have won with video.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 03:03 Tennis: WTA Charleston results Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 02:58 Golf-Confident Johnson not getting complacent ahead.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 02:48 Lazio reach Italian Cup final despite.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 02:46 Golf-Bad weather, good news for Mickelson.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 02:41 Football: Leicester heap more misery on.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 02:30 Cricket: Sri Lanka beat Bangladesh by.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 5th, 2017 02:14 Entertainment Arts Lifestyle Movies Music Theron says villainous role in last.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 03:50 ‘Pink Star’ diamond sells for record.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 00:04 ‘Pink Star’ diamond fetches record $71.2mn.. Parvez Jabri Apr 4th, 2017 18:36 Anzhelika Tahir to represent Pakistan in.. Madiha Shakeel Apr 4th, 2017 16:46  Sony TV issues warning to Kapil.. Madiha Shakeel Apr 4th, 2017 15:21 Punjab Police leave for Mumbai to.. Madiha Shakeel Apr 4th, 2017 13:43  Priyanka once again proved herself Madiha Shakeel Apr 4th, 2017 13:05 Sci-Tech Yahoo, AOL joining hands to form.. Madiha Shakeel Apr 4th, 2017 15:40 Towards the digital future: Striking balance.. Imran Kazmi Apr 1st, 2017 15:20 Arctic Ice turning green, cause for.. Aagha Majid Mar 31st, 2017 13:27 Saturn’s moon Titan has electric sand;.. Aagha Majid Mar 30th, 2017 14:51 Dubai to have skyscraper anchored in.. Aagha Majid Mar 29th, 2017 16:14 Largest ever dinosaur footprints discovered in.. Madiha Shakeel Mar 29th, 2017 15:46 Forests do more than just cutting.. Aagha Majid Mar 29th, 2017 13:36 ePaper AAJ Live Home »Business & Finance » Industries & Sectors » Mercedes joins forces with Bosch to develop self-driving taxis     Industries & Sectors Mercedes joins forces with Bosch to develop self-driving taxis     Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 5th, 2017 00:46 0   FRANKFURT: Mercedes-Benz owner Daimler and supplier Robert Bosch are teaming up to develop self-driving cars in an alliance aimed at accelerating the production of "robo-taxis". The pact between the world's largest maker of premium cars and the world's largest automotive supplier forms a powerful counterweight to new auto industry players like ride-hailing firms Uber and Didi which are also working on self-driving cars. Technology companies and carmakers are striving to adjust to a shifting landscape in the auto industry as consumers increasingly use smartphones to locate, hail and rent vehicles, rather than going out and buying cars. The alliance not only marks an end to Daimler's efforts to develop an autonomous car largely on its own, but moves the auto industry's ambitions beyond simply developing prototype vehicles towards industrial-scale production of self-driving cars. Financial terms were not disclosed of the deal between the two German companies, which was announced on Tuesday. Bosch - which was founded in 1886, the same year that Mercedes founder Carl Benz patented the motorcar - will develop software and algorithms needed for autonomous driving together with the carmaker. The deal will help the automotive supplier make ground in a competitive autonomous driving system sector where rivals Continental and Delphi ZF and others have also made heavy investments. For Daimler and its Mercedes division, teaming up with Bosch helps them throw more engineering resources at autonomous cars, allowing them to speed up the process of creating a production-ready system for autonomous cars by several years. The autonomous system will now be ready by the beginning of next decade, Daimler said, without disclosing when it had first envisaged the commercial launch of automated taxis, or robo-taxis. "The prime objective of the project is to achieve the production-ready development of a driving system which will allow cars to drive fully autonomously in the city," Daimler said in a statement on Tuesday. CAR COMES TO DRIVER The market for advanced driver assistance systems and autonomous vehicles is expected to grow from about $3 billion in 2015 to $96 billion in 2025 and $290 billion in 2035, Goldman Sachs said last year. Daimler is focusing its efforts on the app-based car-sharing and ride-hailing sector dominated by China's Didi, and US-based Uber and Lyft. Like autonomous cars, this market is a big global growth area and is expected to expand by 28 percent a year to 2030, according to consultancy McKinsey. "Within a specified area of town, customers will be able to order an automated shared car via their smartphone. The vehicle will then make its way autonomously to the user," Daimler said. "The idea behind it is that the vehicle should come to the driver rather than the other way round." The cutthroat competition to launch self-driven cars has forced carmakers to shift strategy from an evolutionary toward a revolutionary approach. Instead of evolving driver assistance systems to achieve full autonomy, carmakers are now experimenting with radical car designs combined with software-driven development - which has led to alliances with technology companies. Mercedes-Benz's arch rival BMW teamed up with Israeli autonomous vehicle tech company Mobileye and chip maker Intel last year to develop new technology that could put autonomous cars on the road by 2021. Intel has since agreed to buy Israeli autonomous vehicle technology firm Mobileye for $15.3 billion, a deal which followed Qualcomm's $47 billion move to acquire Dutch automotive chip supplier NXP. Before deciding to partner with Bosch, Mercedes-Benz had two engineering teams working on autonomous vehicles. One took an evolutionary approach, upgrading the capabilities of conventional vehicles, while the other team took a more radical approach to the car's design. "Cars which do not rely on any driver input have a different architecture and sensor setup, with more radar and cameras," Christoph von Hugo, a senior Mercedes-Benz safety manager, told Reuters at a recent event to present safety systems. NO STEERING WHEEL NEEDED The current Mercedes E-Class can cruise without driver input on highways, keeping the distance to the car in front and staying in lane using a system which has "level 2" autonomy. Full autonomy - known as an "eyes off, brains off" or "level 5" system - does away with even the need for a steering wheel. Autonomous vehicles came closer to road-going reality after Google unveiled a prototype car which it developed with the help of Bosch back in 2012. Mercedes-Benz responded by developing an S-class limousine that drove 103 km (64 miles) between the German towns of Mannheim and Pforzheim a year later. Real commercial applications for autonomous cars will start to take off between 2020 and 2025, Ola Kaellenius, Daimler board member and head of Group Research and Mercedes-Benz Cars development told Reuters last month. "If you take the robo-taxi, you start perhaps in a city or several cities or areas of cities, and then you grow from there," he said. "The key is to get to something that you can commercialise, scale up." The systems and hardware expertise provided by Bosch will help Mercedes-Benz make autonomous car technology which can be produced in large numbers. Bosch is already one of the world's largest suppliers of advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and recently announced an alliance with US tech firm Nvidia to develop a self-driving computer for production cars. Mercedes-Benz and auto supplier ZF also have separate alliances with Nvidia. The Bosch-Daimler alliance will rely on high-definition mapping systems provided by HERE, the digital mapping firm owned by BMW, Mercedes, Audi and Intel.   Copyright Reuters, 2017  Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Previous McDonald's faces complaints in Europe over franchise terms Next Mexico's central bank renews 30-day hedge contract auction   Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Top
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in | Register Most commented stories • In the lab: AMD's Ryzen 5 1600X and Ryzen 5 1500X CPUs [96] • Apple will wind down its use of PowerVR IP in future SoCs [91] • Apple is working on a more modular and upgradeable Mac Pro [90] • Fractal Design's Fur E case reviewed [88] Hot forum threads • Andromeda • 1700 vs 1700X : minimal difference • Poll: Ryzen RAM amounts • Behind the Seams: Fur E Asus 27" Zen AiO offers sleek simplicity by Wayne Manion  1:30 PM on April 4, 2017 The trend for all-in-one PCs seems to be moving to ever-larger integrated display panels. Apple's iMac and Microsoft's Surface Studio, to cite two popular examples, are both available with 27" displays. Asus is throwing its hat in the ring with the 27" Zen AiO, a machine with specs roughly in line with its competitors. The main difference is that the Zen's 1920x1080 screen resolution isn't in the same league as the high-pixel-density offerings from Apple and Microsoft. The screen is an IPS display with optional ten-point multi-touch capability. Inside, the Zen AiO ZN270IE offers a choice of Intel seventh-generation Core processors, up to the i7-7700T. Graphics options are limited to Intel integrated graphics or a Nvidia GeForce 940MX with 2 GB of video memory. System memory options go from a pretty paltry 4 GB of DDR4 RAM up to 16 GB. Storage options start with a 1 TB hard drive and go all the way up to a combo setup with a 512 GB SSD and a 2 TB spinner. Networking comes courtesy of built-in Gigabit Ethernet, 802.11ac Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth 4.1 adapters. Buyers can attach one additional display using the single HDMI output. The presence of an HDMI input means the 27" Zen AiO will still have some use even after the internals become obsolete. A one-megapixel front camera is part of the standard package, and there's the option of adding a Windows Hello-compatible infrared camera. Asus hasn't offered pricing or availability information for the Zen AiO ZN270IE. Tags: Systems Windows Log in | Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF A moment of Zen with David Kanter: The TR Podcast 190 13 Radeon Pro Settings joins forces with VMware vCenter 4 Radeon 17.4.1 drivers engage spacewarp 7 Asus 27" Zen AiO offers sleek simplicity 25 Tell a Lie Day Shortbread 38 Rumor: Radeon RX 500-series cards could launch next week 35 Apple is working on a more modular and upgradeable Mac Pro 90 Asus readies a salvo of ROG peripherals and networking gear 28 Aqua Computers kryoM.2 coolers keep your SSDs chilly 8 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS weaktoss recent process nodes have become unmoored And Jeff claims he's "not that funny"! +57 designerfx How does this case perform with furmark? +48 chuckula That's great, but to be frank I found their logic to be a bit dense. +43 drfish I'm not sure how that is relevant to this remew. +37 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Baidu teaches its AI bots English by ordering them around in virtual world Pong, anyone? How about Pong on a vintage oscilloscope? Goodbye, cruel world! NASA's Cassini preps for kamikaze Saturn dive Patch Qubes to prevent pwnage via Xen bug Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Theres's no shame in VMware quitting the public cloud Adieu pour toujours! VMware flogs vCloud Air hosting biz to OVH Google serves Espresso link-ups for Cloud Qumulo 'cumulates mad dollar through VCs with Chinese connection Ford slurps 400 BlackBerry devs in smart car software push Android beats Windows as most popular OS for interwebz – by 0.02% Microsoft's in-store Android looks desperate but can Google stop it? Ubuntu 17.04 beta FACT: It's what's on the inside that matters, not looks Patch Qubes to prevent pwnage via Xen bug McAfee is McAfee again, promises security with kum ba yah Schneider Electric still shipping passwords in firmware RAT-catchers spot new malware attacking South Korean word processor The 'data driven enterprise' is actually just the enterprise Converged systems market is so hot it just went backwards Defence in Depth: A 'layered' strategy can repel cold attackers Surprise! Thanks to the cloud, you've got a hybrid infrastructure Continuous Lifecycle: Over 40 reasons to secure your place Massive scale, tight security – what's not to love about Kubernetes 1.6? Well... Continuous Lifecycle Workshops: Choose your preferred deep dive DevOps hype? Sometimes a pizza really is just a pizza Policy The Channel NY court slaps down Facebook's attempt to keep accounts secret from search warrants Couchbase swaps CEO for ex-Veritas prez Governments could introduce 'made by humans' tags - legal report Google opens patent pool for Android Ha ha, OK, fun's over. Time to drop that FTC antitrust thing, like, now – Qualcomm begs court Mac Pro update: Apple promises another pricey thing it will no doubt abandon after a year Teenagers think Doritos are cooler than Apple It's 30 years ago: IBM's final battle with reality SPB Geek's Guide Goodbye, cruel world! NASA's Cassini preps for kamikaze Saturn dive Steppe thugs pacified by the love of stone age women Boeing details 'Deep Space Gateway' for Mars mission staging Mediaeval Yorkshirefolk mutilated, burned t'dead to prevent reanimation Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Startup remotely 'bricks' grumpy bloke's IoT car garage door – then hits reverse gear M3: Dr Mark Bishop to present keynote Andreesen Horowitz tips $10m into American AI drone upstart Google's video recognition AI is trivially trollable Verity Stob Pong, anyone? How about Pong on a vintage oscilloscope? New plastic banknote plans now upsetting environmental campaigners Pirate of the Caribbean to play Hacker of the Caribbean Nuns left in limbo after phone line transfer hell More like this Mac Pro Personal Tech Mac Pro update: Apple promises another pricey thing it will no doubt abandon after a year Trash can trash machine from 2013 was design dead-end 4 Apr 2017 at 19:13, Thomas Claburn Promising today that a new Mac Pro is being developed, Apple SVP of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller admitted the tech giant rather disappointed the workstation world by making its "most radical Mac ever" insufficiently expandable. Schiller – along with SVP of software engineering Craig Federighi, VP of hardware engineering John Ternus, and Mac PR director Bill Evans – spoke with a handpicked group of favored journalists who were invited to Apple's headquarters in what appears to be an effort to counter discontent among professional power users. Before John Gruber, Ina Fried, John Paczkowski and Matthew Panzarino, Schiller deviated from Apple's standard media playbook – no commenting on unreleased products – and promised the future Mac Pro would be "a modular system" whenever it appears, which won't be this year. Apple did not respond to a request to confirm that this meeting actually took place. According to Gruber's account of the meeting, "The word 'mistake' was not uttered, but this is about as close as we're going to get to Apple admitting they miscalculated with the current Mac Pro's concept. One word that was uttered, however, was 'sorry.'" Apple has been here before. At its developer conference in 2012, after neglecting the Mac Pro for two years, the Cupertino idiot-tax operation released an underwhelming update with 3.2-GHz quad-core Intel Xeon W3565 processor or two 2.4-GHz 6-core Intel Xeon E5645 processors, which was already outdated by Intel's 8-core Xeon E5 chips announced three months earlier and a three-year-old ATI Radeon 5770 graphics card. In a blog post at the time, developer Marco Arment called the update "half-assed" and said, "The message is clear: Apple doesn't give a sh** about the Mac Pro." Such sentiment was commonplace, and evidently prompted CEO Tim Cook, in an email to Facebook user Stephen Tanner, to break Apple's code of silence and declare, "We are planning a new Mac Pro for later next year." At the end of the following year, on December 19, 2013, Apple released its "vision for the future of the pro desktop," a black cylinder "designed around an innovative unified thermal core." It then proceeded to ignore the Mac Pro for more than 1,200 days. The neglect prompted Arment to speculate last November that Apple has given up on the Pro market. Similar sentiment, not altogether justified, followed the October release of Apple's latest MacBook Pro, which is limited to 16GB of memory, due to heat and battery life constraints. With the revised Mac Pro nowhere in sight, Apple on Tuesday released a minor speed bump update. The $2,999 model now has 6 Xeon CPU cores, up from 4, and dual AMD G500 GPUs, up from AMD G300 GPUs. The $3,999 model now has 8 CPU cores, up from 6, and dual AMD D800 GPUs, up from AMD D500 GPUs. The unified thermal core that Apple celebrated as innovation turned out to be an obstacle to expandability. Schiller acknowledged that the Mac Pro was "thermally constrained" and Federighi said, "Being able to put larger single GPUs required a different system architecture and more thermal capacity than that system was designed to accommodate." Gruber asked whether Apple was aware how many people have begun to doubt the company's commitment to the needs of Mac Pro users. Schiller responded, "It's a reasonable question, and this is why we're here today, specifically, to address that question above all else." ® Tips and corrections 35 Comments More from The Register Pro who killed Apple's Power Mac found... masquerading as a coffee table You thought McAfee was a master of disguise? 38 Comments New MacBook Pro beckons fanbois to become strip pokers Who needs an escape key when you've got high-res emoji buttons? 164 Comments Spotty battery life costs Apple's MacBook Pro its gold-star rating Updated Consumer Reports nerd baffled by bizarre results 53 Comments Quad-core coffee table trumped by dual-Mac garden furniture Readers share retro-computing rebuilds, plus a Microsoft CD fit only to be used as a coaster 24 Comments Docker goes native with Windows, Mac beta Want a laptop full of containers? Here you go 6 Comments Apple pushes back release date for 'dustbin chic' Mac Pro Fanbois will have to wait until April 60 Comments Whitepapers The CIO Guide to Autonomic IT How do you assure application performance while minimizing costs. Faster Applications with Predictive Flash Interactive tool outlining the benefits of Predictive Flash to remove the app-data gap. Advanced Evasion Techniques for Dummies This e-book explains how AETs defeat traditional security measures and how you can beat them, with special attention to the risks posed to industrial control systems Dynamic Optimization Technology for Infrastructure Resources and Cloud Services Access this Innovation Insight to read Gartner’s recommendations for incorporating dynamic optimisation technology into your infrastructure and cloud initiatives. Most read Wi-Fi sex toy with built-in camera fails penetration test Head of US military kit-testing slams F-35, says it's scarcely fit to fly Microsoft's in-store Android looks desperate but can Google stop it? Franken-firm DXC Technology is born today, the fun begins... It's 30 years ago: IBM's final battle with reality Spotlight Speaking in Tech: Glassholes are COOL now Apple's doing it Face down in a Shoreditch gutter: Attack of the kickstarting hipster 81's 99 in 17: Still a lotta love for the TI‑99/4A – TI's forgotten classic Vinyl, filofaxes – why not us too, pleads Nokia Speaking in Tech's Greg accepts dare to moonlight as an Uber driver 'Grey technology' should be the new black To Hull with the crap town naysayers: UK Culture City's got some amazing... telecoms Nielsen, eat your heart out: TiVo woos admen with prediction engine Sponsored links Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Contact us Advertise with us More content Under the hood Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 28 mins S&P 500 2,360.16 +1.32 (+0.06%) Dow 30 20,689.24 +39.03 (+0.19%) Nasdaq 5,898.61 +3.93 (+0.07%) Former Google Vice President Starts a Company Promising Clean and Safe Nuclear Energy Brad Stone BloombergApril 3, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share TEMELIN, CZECH REPUBLIC - AUGUST 11: Cars drive by the four cooling towers of the Temelin nuclear power plant on August 11, 2011 near Temelin, Czech Republic. CEZ, the Czech, state-owned energy company that operates Temelin, plans to expand the number of reactors at the plant from the current two to four. Westinghouse, Areva and Atomstroyexport are all vying for the project worth $27.8 billion, and a winner is to be announced before the end of the year. CEZ CEO Martin Roman also confirmed the company's hope to raise its electricity exports to Germany as Germany shutters its own 17 nuclear power reactors in coming years, a possibility that irritates German anti-nuclear activists. (Photo by Sean Gallup/Getty Images)More Hi folks, it’s Brad with the latest edition of the Fully Charged newsletter (sign up here). Last week was a rather grim one for Silicon Valley’s fervent community of environmentalists and clean energy advocates. With the sweep of a single executive order, President Donald Trump unwound the Obama-era framework of regulations designed to combat climate change and announced that he was “putting an end to the war on coal.” But not everyone in high-tech is ready to return to the age of fossil fuels. Mike Cassidy, who was formerly vice president at Alphabet's X research lab and headed Project Loon, its high-altitude balloon-based internet access initiative, is ready to try the nuclear option. More from Bloomberg.com: Top Obama Adviser Sought Names of Trump Associates in Intel Though Cassidy remains an advisor at Google, he has quietly started a new company, Apollo Fusion. On Friday, a website for the firm, which previously consisted only of a definition of the phrase “nuclear fusion,” was updated to include a vision statement that gives a tantalizing peek into Cassidy's plans. “We're working on revolutionary hybrid reactor technology with fusion power to serve safe, clean, and affordable electricity to everyone,” reads the site. “Apollo Fusion power plants are designed for zero-consequence outcomes to loss of cooling or loss of control scenarios and they cannot melt down.” More from Bloomberg.com: Donald Trump’s Ferrari Disappoints at Florida Auction The website asserts that Apollo Fusion's reactors will be inexpensive to build, cost competitive with traditional means of generating electricity, and flexible enough to serve both small villages and large cities. It says Cassidy is working with Ben Longmier, the founder of a company called Aether Industries, which made equipment for high-altitude research and was acquired by Apple in 2015. Longmier also has a PhD in plasma physics and advanced degrees in physics and nuclear engineering. When contacted last week about the new venture, Cassidy was spare with details of the company’s plans though not with his pointed views on clean energy and the environment. “I believe that global warming is real and I believe we are just dumping tons and tons of CO2 into our atmosphere that is heating up the globe,” says Cassidy, who started and sold four separate technology startups over the past 20 years, including an instant messaging service for gamers, a search engine and an online travel site Ruba, which Google acquired in 2010. “Environmentalists have struggled for a while over whether nuclear power is good or bad. I think most of the more thoughtful environmentalists now view nuclear as good. If you can find a way to do nuclear power that doesn't have the downsides, the risky, runaway meltdowns, or things like that, it's a real win for the planet.” More from Bloomberg.com: Student Debt Giant Navient to Borrowers: You’re on Your Own Only a few nuclear power plants have been constructed in North America over the last few decades, as politicians and communities worried about accidents like Fukushima and 3 Mile Island and the implications of terrorist attacks like 9/11 aimed at nuclear facilities. Apollo Fusion’s technology appears to be designed to assuage those fears. It’s developing a “subcritical hybrid reactor”—a fusion-fission reactor that doesn't a achieve sustained nuclear reaction and that draws neutrons from other sources, such as deuterium, an isotope that has an extra neutron and can be distilled from water.  Cassidy is starting Apollo Fusion outside of Alphabet. Although he says founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin are “super enthusiastic,” they are not investors, and he declined to say who is backing the company. The website also says Apollo already has “an agreement to deliver power to our first international customer.”  Apollo Fusion isn't the only startup trying to safely harness the powerful nuclear fusion reactions that occur in stars. Helion Energy, based in Redmond, Washington, took an investment from the startup accelerator Y Combinator and Peter Thiel's Mithril Capital Management in 2014. It's developing a truck sized fusion reactor using pulsed magnetic fields and deuterium extracted from water. GeneralFusion, based near Vancouver, Canada, has the backing of Amazon’s Jeff Bezos, while TriAlpha Energy, which bills itself as the “world’s largest private fusion company,” has raised $500 million from Goldman Sachs and Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen. This originally appeared in Bloomberg Technology’s newsletter Fully Charged. Sign up here. More from Bloomberg.com Musk Trolls Shorts as Tesla's Value Hits Record, Passes Ford Trump Cracks Down on H-1B Visa Program That Feeds Silicon Valley Subway Bombing in St. Petersburg Kills 11 During a Putin Visit Read Former Google Vice President Starts a Company Promising Clean and Safe Nuclear Energy on bloomberg.com Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next More than half a million sign Melania Trump petition AFP Top Democrat: Multiple Trump associates 'will probably go to jail' Business Insider Ivanka Trump addresses suggestions she is 'complicit' in the drama surrounding the Trump administration Business Insider JPMorgan CEO Dimon says in annual letter that there's 'something wrong' with the US CNBC Trump summons aide on stage to display giant chart showing why he wants to kill 'horrible' regulations Business Insider Gregg Popovich says the trade that landed Kawhi Leonard 6 years ago was the 'toughest' decision he's made with the Spurs Business Insider White House spokesman called a news site a 'left-wing blog' — and the news site fired back Business Insider A ‘back door’ Roth IRA strategy benefits high earners CNBC Yahoo Finance Live: Market Movers Yahoo Finance Video Gay tech workers earn less than their straight counterparts Yahoo Finance Real estate mogul: In the 90s, I looked for Starbucks; now I buy when I see this CNBC Airbus is redesigning the world’s biggest passenger plane to cram more people inside Quartz Cramer's charts reveal where oil prices are headed, and it may surprise you CNBC What to Watch in the Markets Wednesday, April 5 Yahoo Finance Video DIMON: We have a national emergency Yahoo Finance Buick's new Regal is primed to take on Audi and BMW Business Insider Trump son Eric calls nepotism 'factor of life' Complicated Simpleton: More arrogance from the Trump family. Madness it is. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 805
COMPUTEX Taipei 2017: “Building Global Technology Ecosystems” The Internet of Things, Artificial Intelligence and Robotics, Innovations and Startups, Gaming and Virtual Reality, and Business Solutions are the show’s themes aligning with technology trends April 04, 2017 01:30 PM Eastern Daylight Time TAIPEI, Taiwan--(BUSINESS WIRE)--COMPUTEX TAIPEI, the leading global ICT show with a complete supply chain, IoT and startup ecosystems, will be held between May 30 and June 3, featuring the following themes: AI & Robotics, IoT Applications, Innovations & Startups, Business Solutions, and Gaming & VR. More than 1,600 companies from around the world will roll out their latest products and technologies at 5,010 booths where all aspects of the global high-tech ecosystem are showcased. U.S. companies exhibiting at COMPUTEX 2017 include Dell, Intel, Microsoft, NVIDIA, Super Micro and, for the first time, Tesla. New this year at COMPUTEX are the AI & Robotics theme and the Gaming & VR exhibit, described below. These were added to align with current global technology trends, and are the continuation of a very successful initiative in 2016 to reposition COMPUTEX from its history as a PC hardware show to a B2B information and communications technology (ICT) show with a complete global supply chain. Gartner forecasts that 8.4 billion IoT devices will be in use worldwide in 2017, up 31 percent from 2016. Total spending on endpoints and services will reach two trillion U.S. dollars in 2017. COMPUTEX held its U.S. press conference today to illustrate how the show aligns with such trends, helps companies succeed by providing a one-stop location to do business within complete ICT and IoT ecosystems, and to introduce some of the next-generation applications and exhibitors at COMPUTEX this year. “As new technologies in IoT, gaming, augmented and virtual reality, artificial intelligence and big data analytics are rapidly emerging, influencing lifestyles and disrupting business models, COMPUTEX provides a forum for ICT business matchmaking in line with these current trends,” said Walter Yeh, president and CEO of the Taiwan External Trade Development Council (TAITRA), the organizer of COMPUTEX. “The positioning of COMPUTEX 2017 is ‘building global technology ecosystems,’ which highlights the global partnerships required to create and distribute current ICT products and applications, and realize their potential.” In view of the latest trends in the ICT industry, COMPUTEX 2017 will feature four exhibits: SmarTEX: focuses on five major IoT applications, future commerce and lifestyles Asia Pacific is a key player in the global IoT supply chain, from R&D to manufacturing to user experience. SmarTEX, to be showcased at Taipei World Trade Center Exhibition Hall 1, will host 126 system integrators and service providers displaying IoT applications in cyber security, smart home and entertainment, smart wearables, automotive electronics, and smart tech solutions, as global exhibitors provide a glimpse of future commerce and lifestyles. Key exhibitors include Askey, E-LEAD, ELAN Microelectronics, GIGABYTE, and others. InnoVEX: a special exhibit for innovative startups featuring the high-tech industry’s next drivers InnoVEX is a special exhibit for global startups founded after 2012. This year, InnoVEX will host 230 global startups from 20 countries such as the USA, Germany, France, Sweden, Korea, Japan and others. National Pavilions include France, Netherlands, Korea and Denmark. The exhibit will focus on six themes: IoT, autonomous vehicles, startup ecosystems, digital economy, AI, and IT policies. InnoVEX will take place from May 30 to June 1 at Taipei World Trade Center Exhibition Hall 3. A series of forums, pitch competitions, presentations, business matchmaking events and networking activities will help foreign startups find partnerships in Taiwan, Taiwan-based startups align with international trends, and all startup exhibitors find investors. The pitch contest winner will receive a cash prize of $30,000 USD. iStyle: for Apple MFi-certified products As Taiwan is a key player in Apple’s supply chain, the iStyle pavilion at Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center Hall 1 displays Apple MFi-certified products. The iStyle pavilion received great feedback when it debuted in 2016 and will be expanded this year. Gaming & VR: new high-performance products create new experiences The Gaming & VR exhibit at Nangang Exhibition Center Hall 1 will showcase gaming and VR laptops and desktops, graphics cards, headsets, case modifications, cooling systems, other peripherals and advanced hi-performance gaming and VR products. Visitors will also be amazed by the diversity of new compelling VR experiences at COMPUTEX 2017. Key exhibitors include Acer, ASUS, Cooler Master, G.SKILL, In Win, MSI, and Thermaltake. In addition, gaming competitions such as eSports, overclocking and modding will be held during the show. COMPUTEX 2017 will also accommodate dozens of special exhibits such as systems & solutions, business solutions, embedded products, communications & networking, and more. With its positioning of “building global technology ecosystems,” COMPUTEX 2017 aims to be a one-stop location for global partnerships and a catalyst for technology and business advances in the global ICT industry. For more information and updates: COMPUTEX website：http://www.computextaipei.com.tw/zh_TW/ COMPUTEX Facebook：https://www.facebook.com/COMPUTEX.TAITRA/ About COMPUTEX TAIPEI (also called COMPUTEX): Established in 1981, COMPUTEX TAIPEI is the leading global ICT and IoT show with a complete supply chain and ecosystems. Co-organized by the Taiwan External Trade Development Council (TAITRA) and Taipei Computer Association (TCA), COMPUTEX, based upon Taiwan’s complete ICT clusters, covers the whole spectrum of the ICT industry, from established brands to startups and from ICT supply chain to IoT ecosystems. With strong R&D and manufacturing capabilities and IPR protection, Taiwan is a strategic destination for foreign companies and investors looking for partners in global technology ecosystems. Follow COMPUTEX on its website at www.computextaipei.com.tw and on Twitter @computex_taipei using the hashtag #COMPUTEX. About TAITRA: Founded in 1970 to help promote foreign trade, the Taiwan External Trade Development Council (TAITRA) is the foremost non-profit trade promotion organization in Taiwan. Jointly sponsored by the government, industry associations, and several commercial organizations, TAITRA assists Taiwan businesses and manufacturers with reinforcing their international competitiveness and in coping with the challenges they face in foreign markets. TAITRA boasts a well-coordinated trade promotion and information network of over 1,200 trained specialists stationed throughout its Taipei headquarters, four local branch offices in Hsinchu, Taichung, Tainan and Kaohsiung, and 60 overseas branch offices worldwide. Together with its sister organizations, Taiwan Trade Center (TTC) and Taipei World Trade Center (TWTC), TAITRA has created a wealth of trade opportunities through effective promotion strategies. In addition to organizing trade delegations & providing customized procurement services, TAITRA also hosts more than 35 international trade shows annually in Taipei and in Kaohsiung. In 2016, 11,128 exhibitors and 83,807 international visitors took part in these events. Contacts Graham & Associates Todd Lane or Masha Rumer 415-986-7212 COMPUTEX@graham-associates.com Release Summary COMPUTEX 2017 held its U.S. press conference today to illustrate how the show aligns with current ICT trends, helps companies succeed, and to introduce its themes, exhibits, and exhibitors this year. #Hashtags #InternetOfThings #COMPUTEX #wearables #Robots #startups #AR #smarthome #VR #startup #Gaming #AugmentedReality #bigdata #CyberSecurity #IoT #AI #Artificialintelligence #AutonomousVehicles #SelfDriving #VirtualReality #innovation Contacts Graham & Associates Todd Lane or Masha Rumer 415-986-7212 COMPUTEX@graham-associates.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News COMPUTEX Taipei 2017: “Building Global Technology Ecosystems” TAIPEI, Taiwan–(BUSINESS WIRE)–COMPUTEX TAIPEI, the leading global ICT show with a complete supply chain, IoT and startup ecosystems, will be held between May 30 and June 3, featuring the following themes: AI & Robotics, IoT Applications, Innovations & Startups, Business Solutions, and Gaming & VR. More than 1,600 companies from around the world will roll out their latest products and technologies at 5,010 booths where all aspects of the global high-tech ecosystem are showcased. U.S. companies exhibiting at COMPUTEX 2017 include Dell, Intel, Microsoft, NVIDIA, Super Micro and, for the first time, Tesla. New this year at COMPUTEX are the AI & Robotics theme and the Gaming & VR exhibit, described below. These were added to align with current global technology trends, and are the continuation of a very successful initiative in 2016 to reposition COMPUTEX from its history as a PC hardware show to a B2B information and communications technology (ICT) show with a complete global supply chain. Gartner forecasts that 8.4 billion IoT devices will be in use worldwide in 2017, up 31 percent from 2016. Total spending on endpoints and services will reach two trillion U.S. dollars in 2017. COMPUTEX held its U.S. press conference today to illustrate how the show aligns with such trends, helps companies succeed by providing a one-stop location to do business within complete ICT and IoT ecosystems, and to introduce some of the next-generation applications and exhibitors at COMPUTEX this year. “As new technologies in IoT, gaming, augmented and virtual reality, artificial intelligence and big data analytics are rapidly emerging, influencing lifestyles and disrupting business models, COMPUTEX provides a forum for ICT business matchmaking in line with these current trends,” said Walter Yeh, president and CEO of the Taiwan External Trade Development Council (TAITRA), the organizer of COMPUTEX. “The positioning of COMPUTEX 2017 is ‘building global technology ecosystems,’ which highlights the global partnerships required to create and distribute current ICT products and applications, and realize their potential.” In view of the latest trends in the ICT industry, COMPUTEX 2017 will feature four exhibits: SmarTEX: focuses on five major IoT applications, future commerce and lifestyles Asia Pacific is a key player in the global IoT supply chain, from R&D to manufacturing to user experience. SmarTEX, to be showcased at Taipei World Trade Center Exhibition Hall 1, will host 126 system integrators and service providers displaying IoT applications in cyber security, smart home and entertainment, smart wearables, automotive electronics, and smart tech solutions, as global exhibitors provide a glimpse of future commerce and lifestyles. Key exhibitors include Askey, E-LEAD, ELAN Microelectronics, GIGABYTE, and others. InnoVEX: a special exhibit for innovative startups featuring the high-tech industry’s next drivers InnoVEX is a special exhibit for global startups founded after 2012. This year, InnoVEX will host 230 global startups from 20 countries such as the USA, Germany, France, Sweden, Korea, Japan and others. National Pavilions include France, Netherlands, Korea and Denmark. The exhibit will focus on six themes: IoT, autonomous vehicles, startup ecosystems, digital economy, AI, and IT policies. InnoVEX will take place from May 30 to June 1 at Taipei World Trade Center Exhibition Hall 3. A series of forums, pitch competitions, presentations, business matchmaking events and networking activities will help foreign startups find partnerships in Taiwan, Taiwan-based startups align with international trends, and all startup exhibitors find investors. The pitch contest winner will receive a cash prize of $30,000 USD. iStyle: for Apple MFi-certified products As Taiwan is a key player in Apple’s supply chain, the iStyle pavilion at Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center Hall 1 displays Apple MFi-certified products. The iStyle pavilion received great feedback when it debuted in 2016 and will be expanded this year. Gaming & VR: new high-performance products create new experiences The Gaming & VR exhibit at Nangang Exhibition Center Hall 1 will showcase gaming and VR laptops and desktops, graphics cards, headsets, case modifications, cooling systems, other peripherals and advanced hi-performance gaming and VR products. Visitors will also be amazed by the diversity of new compelling VR experiences at COMPUTEX 2017. Key exhibitors include Acer, ASUS, Cooler Master, G.SKILL, In Win, MSI, and Thermaltake. In addition, gaming competitions such as eSports, overclocking and modding will be held during the show. COMPUTEX 2017 will also accommodate dozens of special exhibits such as systems & solutions, business solutions, embedded products, communications & networking, and more. With its positioning of “building global technology ecosystems,” COMPUTEX 2017 aims to be a one-stop location for global partnerships and a catalyst for technology and business advances in the global ICT industry. For more information and updates: COMPUTEX website：http://www.computextaipei.com.tw/zh_TW/ COMPUTEX Facebook：https://www.facebook.com/COMPUTEX.TAITRA/ About COMPUTEX TAIPEI (also called COMPUTEX): Established in 1981, COMPUTEX TAIPEI is the leading global ICT and IoT show with a complete supply chain and ecosystems. Co-organized by the Taiwan External Trade Development Council (TAITRA) and Taipei Computer Association (TCA), COMPUTEX, based upon Taiwan’s complete ICT clusters, covers the whole spectrum of the ICT industry, from established brands to startups and from ICT supply chain to IoT ecosystems. With strong R&D and manufacturing capabilities and IPR protection, Taiwan is a strategic destination for foreign companies and investors looking for partners in global technology ecosystems. Follow COMPUTEX on its website at www.computextaipei.com.tw and on Twitter @computex_taipei using the hashtag #COMPUTEX. About TAITRA: Founded in 1970 to help promote foreign trade, the Taiwan External Trade Development Council (TAITRA) is the foremost non-profit trade promotion organization in Taiwan. Jointly sponsored by the government, industry associations, and several commercial organizations, TAITRA assists Taiwan businesses and manufacturers with reinforcing their international competitiveness and in coping with the challenges they face in foreign markets. TAITRA boasts a well-coordinated trade promotion and information network of over 1,200 trained specialists stationed throughout its Taipei headquarters, four local branch offices in Hsinchu, Taichung, Tainan and Kaohsiung, and 60 overseas branch offices worldwide. Together with its sister organizations, Taiwan Trade Center (TTC) and Taipei World Trade Center (TWTC), TAITRA has created a wealth of trade opportunities through effective promotion strategies. In addition to organizing trade delegations & providing customized procurement services, TAITRA also hosts more than 35 international trade shows annually in Taipei and in Kaohsiung. In 2016, 11,128 exhibitors and 83,807 international visitors took part in these events. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Mobile Water Treatment Market 2017 : AVANTech, Crossbow, Lenntech, Ecolutia, Degremont Next PostNext Grafoid Strengthens its Graphene Commercialization Capabilities – Announces the Appointment of Norm Major, a Former Director of Engineering at Cisco Systems Inc., as Chief Technology Officer Search Recent Posts And Godblessyoo, the application for those who want to change the world and want to live together in perfect harmony, created e-blessing Poloskettlecorn Presents the Ability to Send a Message with Kettle Corn Brilliant Minds Being Convened by NERETA in June to Discuss US Competitiveness and Job Creation Brilliant Minds Being Convened by NERETA in June to Discuss US Competitiveness and Job Creation AHF Supports Senator Sanders’ Call for ‘Medicare-for-all’ Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home News Opinion Letters Sports Prospecting Roadbeat Essentials Obituaries Real Estate Gallery Classifieds Advertisers Ad Rates 1,433 26 PLACERVILLE, CALIFORNIA Obituaries Richard “Rick” Charles Platt By Contributor From page A2 | April 05, 2017 Aug. 23, 1967 — March 17, 2017 Rick was born Aug. 23, 1967, in Sacramento, Calif., to Robert and Phyllis Platt. He died March 17, 2017, in El Dorado Hills, Calif., at the age of 49. Rick grew up in the Rancho Cordova/Sacramento area. After graduation from Cordova High School in 1985, he worked for several years in construction and then installed phone systems and fiber optic wiring in commercial buildings. He studied computer sciences and graduated with honors from MTI, College of Business and Technology, Sacramento, in 1999, and began working for Intel in Folsom, Calif. He continued there for more than 17 years as a client services support engineer. He formed many friendships with co-workers and deeply appreciated their comradery. He gave caring support to his family, always willing to help no matter the task or event — doing yard work, building maintenance, cutting wood, maintaining computers and hiding Easter eggs. Rick was interested in photography and created many beautiful and creative images during his travels and at family events. He enjoyed outdoor activities, including kayaking, jet skiing, hiking, scuba, whitewater rafting and four-wheeling on the Rubicon Trail. He loved to explore the sloughs and water channels by kayak on the lower Colorado River. Science and natural phenomena were fascinations, whether exploring slot canyons, searching for rock crystals, viewing the night sky or reading reports on the internet. Over the years, he traveled widely in North America and beyond – the Colorado Rockies, Utah national parks, Big Bend National Park, Arizona, British Columbia, Cancun, Hawaii, Washington D.C., New Zealand, Costa Rica, Israel, the United Kingdom and Ireland. Rick was preceded in death by his father, Robert. He is survived by his mother, Phyllis and step-father, Ken Merrill; siblings, Julie (Jimmy) Nord, Holly (Tom) Young and Heather Merrill; uncles, Richard Bottorff and Loren (Shari) Bottorff; cousins, Melissa (Mike) Woodall and Rosemary (Dan) Colgrove; nieces, Jaclyn Nord, Julissa Nord, Bridget Freeman and Hyatt (Alex) Ames; and nephews, Christopher (Sarah) Nord, Stephen Nord and Jimmy (Tasha) Beckner. Rick will be greatly missed by family and friends. Friends and family are invited to attend a memorial service at 10:30 a.m. on Saturday, April 22, at Calvary Chapel, 6575 Commerce Way in Diamond Springs, Calif. Anyone wishing to honor his memory can donate to the American Heart Association, Salvation Army or another charity of their choice. Contributor Story Archive Recent Posts Pumping metal Golden Sierra hosts Leroy Greene baseball Outside with Charlie: There’s still snow Wine Stat Charts Oak Ridge girls place twice at Nationals Richard “Rick” Charles Platt Camelia Cup James Donald Roswurm MD rack Robotics Subscribe via Email Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Special Publications » Contact Us | Customer Service Subscribe or Renew Print Edition Submission Forms Facebook Page Twitter Feed The Gold Mine, April 2017 Home Source, March 31, 2017 Stars and Stripes, March 27, 2017 Divide Women in Business 2017 St. Patrick’s Day Count for Cash 2017 Village Life Readers’ Choice 2016 Gold Country Wine Destinations 2017 El Dorado County Visitor’s Guide 2016-17 Women in Business 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Folsom Life Magazine, Fall/Winter 2016 Good Living, November 2016 Winter Funtastic 2016 Miracle on Historical Main Street 2016 Leadership El Dorado Adventures, Fall/Winter 2016 Breast Cancer Awareness 2016 Fall Home Improvement 2016 Health and Wellness 2016 Adventures Spring/Summer 2016 Summer Sunsational 2016 Folsom Life Magazine, Spring/Summer 2016 Happy Healthy Pets 2016 Top Achievers of 2015 El Dorado County Chamber Business Guide 2016 Reader’s Choice 2015 El Dorado County Chamber of Commerce 100th Anniversary Women’s Health 2015 Medical Profiles 2015 Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life and other community-driven publications.
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Daimler, Bosch team up to make driverless cars Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: New Mac Pro O’Reilly losing ads Umunhum opening set What ails Chevy Bolt? Dancing With the Stars Ask Amy: Little League jerk Business Daimler, Bosch team up to make driverless cars Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) In this Feb. 2, 2017 file photo, the logo of Mercedes is photographed at the annual news conference at the company’s headquarters in Stuttgart, Germany. Automaker Daimler AG and parts supplier Bosch Group say they are teaming up to make driverless cars that they say could be on city streets at the start of the next decade. (Matthias Schrader/AP) By David McHugh, Associated Press | April 4, 2017 at 9:02 am FRANKFURT, Germany — Automaker Daimler and industry supplier Bosch Group are teaming up to make driverless cars that they say could be on city streets at the start of the next decade. The companies would combine expertise in car making, sensors and software so that people in a specific part of town could order a shared car through their smartphone. The driverless car would pick them up and take them where they want to go. The companies said Tuesday the system would let people make better use of their time in cars and help those who do not have driver’s licenses. The auto industry and tech firms have been investing heavily in autonomous driving technology. Many basic elements of autonomous driving are already in use, such as driver assistance systems that can keep cars in freeway lanes or detect pedestrians ahead. But legal issues surrounding driver responsibility remain to be solved. Other automakers are also working on the concept. BMW, a top competitor for Daimler’s Mercedes-Benz luxury cars, has teamed up with chip maker Intel and Mobileye, maker of driver-assistance systems. Together they plan to have 40 autonomous BMW vehicles on the road testing the technology this year, and BMW says it will introduce an autonomous vehicle called the iNEXT by 2021. Last month at the Geneva auto show, Volkswagen showed off an autonomous vehicle with no steering wheel and facing sofa-style seats. Alphabet’s Waymo, the former Google autonomous car project, is testing autonomous vehicles on public roads in the United States with test drivers aboard. The two companies provided little additional detail about the project in their statement but were clear that they intended to come up with an automated system that is “ready for production.” The news release said they were aiming for what is known as Level 5 automation — with sensors and software controlling the vehicle full time. Bosch, headquartered in the German town of Gerlingen, near Stuttgart, has some 390,000 employees in 120 countries. It is a leading auto industry supplier, making vehicle safety and driver assistance systems, sensor technology and software. “By introducing fully automated and driverless driving to the urban environment, Bosch and Daimler aim to improve the flow of traffic in cities, enhance safety on the road and provide an important building block for the way traffic will work in the future,” the companies said in a statement. Tags:  Autos Technology David McHugh, Associated Press Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Warriors sprint away from Timberwolves with another dominant third quarter Giants nearing deal with veteran outfielder Drew Stubbs Good wood: Madison Bumgarner declines Hall of Fame’s request for his historic bat The Bay Area could be in for some nasty gridlock this evening California bill to eliminate bail clears panel Hiking Santa Clara County’s ‘Magnificent 7’ trails Ask Amy: I’m married to that jerk at the Little League game Silicon Valley investing slump continues, fewer startups get funded More in Business Silicon Valley investing slump continues, fewer startups get funded April 04, 2017, 9:01 pm Experts say activity isn’t likely to rebound in the near future to the highs hit in 2015, but that’s not necessarily. Palo Alto fines against Edgewood Plaza owners ‘justified,’ hearing officer says April 04, 2017, 7:39 pm The fines the city of Palo Alto has imposed on the owners of Edgewood Plaza for not having a grocery store at the site are justified, an administrative hearing officer said in a decision that became effective Sunday. Lance Bayer, the hearing officer, found that Sand Hill Property Co. in violation of various ordinances and must pay an outstanding $248,250... Dublin: New Ikea plan reignites debate; store would open in 2020 April 04, 2017, 8:18 pm Revised plans for a new Ikea store in Dublin include underground parking and open space, but some residents say the store isn’t a good fit for the community. H-1B visa lottery brings truckloads of applications, new uncertainty April 04, 2017, 1:09 pm Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Latest News Latest IT News All IT Categories All IT Topics Videos Authors Featured IT Vendors All IT Community Professionals All IT Integrators All IT Vendors Latest News Latest IT News All IT Categories All IT Topics Videos Authors Featured IT Vendors All IT Community Professionals All IT Integrators All IT Vendors Cloud Cloud Home Private Cloud Public Cloud Public Cloud Home Amazon Web Services (AWS) Microsoft Azure Hybrid Cloud Cloud Management Citrix Workspace Cloud VMTurbo Operations Manager Cloud Security All Cloud Resources Datacenter Data Center Home Backup, Recovery & DR All Backup & Recovery Resources Veeam Availability Suite All Disaster Recovery Resources Containers All Containers Resources Docker Databases Hyper-Converged Infrastructure All Hyper-Converged Infrastructure Resources Atlantis HyperScale Nutanix VMware EVO:Rail Management Management Home VMTurbo Operations Manager All Management Resources Monitoring Monitoring Home Acceleratio SysKit ControlUp eG Innovations Enterprise Goliath Performance Monitor ManageEngine Xangati All Monitoring Resources Networking Networking Home Citrix NetScaler Goliath for NetScaler All Networking Resources Open Source Security Server Virtualization All Server Virtualization Resources Citrix XenServer Microsoft Hyper-V VMware vSphere Storage Storage Home DataCore SoftNAS All Storage All Data Center Resources Desktop Desktop Home Applications All Applications Resources Citrix XenApp Microsoft App-V Microsoft RemoteApp VMware App Volumes VMware ThinApp Collaboration Consumerization of IT Desktop Virtualization (VDI) All VDI Resources Citrix XenDesktop Dell Wyse vWorkspace Microsoft Remote Desktop Services VMware Workspace ONE VMware Horizon View Development News User Management User Management Home Liquidware Labs ProfileUnity AppSense DesktopNow All User Management Resources 3D Graphics Printing Citrix Related Virtual Desktops IGEL Technology VMware Virtual Desktops Microsoft Virtual Desktops All Desktop Resources IoT Mobility Mobile Home Enterprise Mobility Management All EMM Resources VMware AirWatch Citrix XenMobile Mobile Productivity Mobile Security Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets All Mobile Resources Resources DABCC Radio Podcasts DABCC TV Video Podcasts Citrix Ready Podcasts w/ Doug Inside IGEL Technology Podcasts w/ Doug VMware EUC On-Demand 2016 On-Demand Webinars Case Studies Infographics Solution Briefs IT White Papers, Solution Briefs & Case Studies Software Downloads Webinars Search DABCC Mobile Apps Books LittleMsMobile.com – Mobility News Top IT Videos Home Data Center HPE and SimpliVity hyperconverged are better together – #HPEDare2Compare HPE and SimpliVity hyperconverged are better together – #HPEDare2Compare April 4, 2017 HP Enterprise 0 0 Some things are just better together: doughnuts and coffee, good food with good friends, an electrical outlet with a USB port. This week HPE announced the first qualified server from HPE’s acquisition of SimpliVity — the HPE SimpliVity 380, powered by Intel®. This hyperconverged solution proves that just like Batman and Robin — these two powerhouses are better together! The HPE SimpliVity 380 dramatically simplifies IT by combining all infrastructure and advanced data services for virtualized workloads onto the best-selling server platform on the market — the HPE ProLiant DL380. As part of the ongoing HPEDare2Compare campaign, which launched last fall and encouraged all hyperconverged vendors to share their performance data via twitter, I’d like to share with you some great stats from the better together, dynamic duo of HPE and SimpliVity. The newly announced HPE SimpliVity 380 lets you: Read the entire article here, #HPEDare2Compare: HPE and SimpliVity hyperconverged are better together via the fine folks at HP Enterprise. Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email Follow @DABCC Follow @douglasabrown Featured Resources: Related Articles: You May Also Like: tags: HP Proliant Hyper-Converged Infrastructure SimpliVity OMNISTACK Categories: Data Center previous Amazon AppStream 2.0 now supports Fleet Auto Scaling to help you optimize your streaming costs next Cohesity DataProtect Instant Recovery: Multi-Tier Applications HP Enterprise Hewlett Packard Enterprise is an industry leading technology company that enables customers to go further, faster. With the industry's most comprehensive portfolio, spanning the cloud to the data center to workplace applications, our technology and services help customers around the world make IT more efficient, more productive and more secure. | LATEST RESOURCES White Papers VMware User Environment Manager Deployment Considerations White Paper The VMware User Environment Manager Deployment Considerations guide helps administrators plan and design phases of a VMware User Environment Manager™ deployment. It includes examples of common deployment scenarios, including guidance for scalability, high availability, and disaster recovery. For more information, see Installing and Configuring VMware User Environment Manager and the VMware User Environment Manager Administration […] Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more NEW VMware Whitepaper – Deliver Office 365 in VMware Horizon 7 with Published Applications Cisco Flexible Radio Assignment Whitepaper! Secure Cloud Printing For Microsoft Office 365 And Azure – White Paper Managing and Securing Mobile Devices for Dummies E-Book Downloads RDSConfig.exe – Adjust RDP Permissions Free Tool RDPSoft’s New Free Tool, RDSConfig.exe, Allows You To Adjust RDP Permissions GranularlyGreetings again, everyone. Last year I wrote a blog article about how it was tricky to adjust RDP security permissions on Windows Server 2012 and Windows Server 2016 session hosts to allow non-Administrators to shadow Remote Desktop Users. Back in Windows Server 2008, Microsoft […] Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more FREE Tool – Troubleshoot Remote Desktop Connections Download ControlUP – VDI Management with Realtime Monitoring and Collective Analytics Download FREE Access Policy Tool for Citrix XenApp and XenDesktop from Wedel IT Download AppVerify – Continuous Regression Testing On-Demand Webinars Understand and Improve True End User Experience in Citrix Deployments – On-Demand Webinar Watch the following on-demand webinar to understand and improve true end-user experience in your Citrix deployments. The AppEnsure product: Provides end-user centric experience expressed in response times for every application the user access in real-time Auto Discovers, names and maps every application Auto maps entire service delivery topology end-to-end Measures response time of every user […] Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more 6 Storage Workloads Ideal for Microsoft Azure – On-Demand Webinar How analyzing data patterns can improve IT service delivery – On-Demand Webinar How to reduce IT alert noise and ward off alert fatigue – AlarmsOne Webinar Atlantis TechJam – USX Health Check Tool View All White Papers >> View All Downloads >> View All On-Demand Webinars >> Latest Videos Introducing Citrix XenDesktop Essentials – Video Citrix XenDesktop Essentials Service accelerates Windows 10 Enterprise migration for customers who prefer Microsoft Azure cloud solutions. XenDesktop Essentials enables customers who have licensed Windows 10 Enterprise (Current Branch for Business) on a per-user basis the option to deliver a high-performance Windows 10 Enterprise virtual desktop experience from Azure with the power of XenDesktop. Consult […] Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more VMware Video @ #MWC2017 – Shawn Bass, VP EUC Microsoft Video: Brad Anderson’s Lunch Break / s4 e2 / Andrew Wilson, CIO, Accenture – Part 2 Moving from Citrix XenMobile 9 to XenMobile 10 – Video Search IT Resources Search for: Upcoming CUGC Webinar IGEL Unified Endpoint Management in a Citrix Virtual World with Douglas Brown View all Upcoming Events >> Troubleshooting Citrix Issues! Featured Resources SMSPassword Version 1.9.4.0 Released April 5, 2017 What is Reverse SSH Port Forwarding April 4, 2017 Veeam and its Partners are giving away $200 Million in FREE Cloud Services – Video April 4, 2017 Understand and Improve True End User Experience in Citrix Deployments – On-Demand Webinar April 4, 2017 steadyPRINT 6.5.3 Released! April 4, 2017 NEW! steadyPRINT 6.5.3 Release Notes April 4, 2017 Microsoft App-V 5.1 Lifecycle April 4, 2017 Inside Look: Working at Turbonomic – Video April 4, 2017 Try Ericom AcccessNow HTML5 In Browser RDP Access - Easy to use and simple setup! IPM – IT Innovations Experts IT integration experts working with Citrix, Microsoft, VMware and EMC technologies. Visit our Sponsors! IT News on iPhone IT News on Android DABCC Radio on iTunes DABCC Radio on iPhone Copyright 1999-2017 DABCC, Inc. Mobile Apps About Contact Us Sitemap RSS Close Cloud Cloud Home Private Cloud Public Cloud Public Cloud Home Amazon Web Services (AWS) Microsoft Azure Hybrid Cloud Cloud Management Citrix Workspace Cloud VMTurbo Operations Manager Cloud Security All Cloud Resources Datacenter Data Center Home Backup, Recovery & DR All Backup & Recovery Resources Veeam Availability Suite All Disaster Recovery Resources Containers All Containers Resources Docker Databases Hyper-Converged Infrastructure All Hyper-Converged Infrastructure Resources Atlantis HyperScale Nutanix VMware EVO:Rail Management Management Home VMTurbo Operations Manager All Management Resources Monitoring Monitoring Home Acceleratio SysKit ControlUp eG Innovations Enterprise Goliath Performance Monitor ManageEngine Xangati All Monitoring Resources Networking Networking Home Citrix NetScaler Goliath for NetScaler All Networking Resources Open Source Security Server Virtualization All Server Virtualization Resources Citrix XenServer Microsoft Hyper-V VMware vSphere Storage Storage Home DataCore SoftNAS All Storage All Data Center Resources Desktop Desktop Home Applications All Applications Resources Citrix XenApp Microsoft App-V Microsoft RemoteApp VMware App Volumes VMware ThinApp Collaboration Consumerization of IT Desktop Virtualization (VDI) All VDI Resources Citrix XenDesktop Dell Wyse vWorkspace Microsoft Remote Desktop Services VMware Workspace ONE VMware Horizon View Development News User Management User Management Home Liquidware Labs ProfileUnity AppSense DesktopNow All User Management Resources 3D Graphics Printing Citrix Related Virtual Desktops IGEL Technology VMware Virtual Desktops Microsoft Virtual Desktops All Desktop Resources IoT Mobility Mobile Home Enterprise Mobility Management All EMM Resources VMware AirWatch Citrix XenMobile Mobile Productivity Mobile Security Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets All Mobile Resources Resources DABCC Radio Podcasts DABCC TV Video Podcasts Citrix Ready Podcasts w/ Doug Inside IGEL Technology Podcasts w/ Doug VMware EUC On-Demand 2016 On-Demand Webinars Case Studies Infographics Solution Briefs IT White Papers, Solution Briefs & Case Studies Software Downloads Webinars Search DABCC Mobile Apps Books LittleMsMobile.com – Mobility News Top IT Videos Share this video Never miss the news... Get IT Community Resources straight to your inbox! Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site! Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump Neil Gorsuch ObamaCare Just In... Gomez, Ahn leading in crowded Calif. House race Campaign — 1h 40m ago Late-night ObamaCare meeting leaves no signs of progress Healthcare — 3h 34m ago Comedian Louis C.K. calls Trump a 'lying sack of s--t' In The Know — 3h 56m ago Former Trump campaign adviser: Any info given to Russian spies 'immaterial' National Security — 4h 42m ago Harvard students form 'Dumbledore's Army' to fight against Trump agenda News — 5h 26m ago Trump transition members urge Rice to testify House — 5h 32m ago State and local governments press Congress on tax-reform priorities Finance — 5h 34m ago Intel Dem: Russia probe may put Trump aides in jail House — 6h 27m ago view all   Rice denies Obama administration inappropriately unmasked Trump team By Katie Bo Williams - 04/04/17 12:15 PM EDT 6,063   Former national security adviser Susan Rice on Tuesday categorically denied that the Obama administration inappropriately spied on President Trump or members of his transition team. “The allegation is that somehow, Obama administration officials utilized intelligence for political purposes,” Rice told MSNBC’s Andrea Mitchell. “That’s absolutely false.” Rice had requested that at least one Trump transition team member be “unmasked,” Bloomberg View reported Monday, leading to claims that the Obama White House had intended to use that intelligence to damage Trump’s transition. While Rice did not deny making any such requests — declining to comment on specific reports — she denied that her actions went outside the scope of her job. “It was not uncommon, it was necessary at times to make those requests,” she said. “I don’t have a particular recollection of doing that more frequently after the election.” ADVERTISEMENT “The notion, which some people are trying to suggest, that by asking for the identity of the American person is the same is leaking it — that’s completely false,” Rice said. “There is no equivalence between so-called unmasking and leaking.” Rice also flatly denied exposing Trump’s own former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, who was forced to resign in February after media reports revealed that he misled Vice President Pence about the contents of his discussions with the Russian ambassador. “I leaked nothing to nobody,” she said. Two anonymous U.S. officials told Bloomberg's Eli Lake that the former Obama national security adviser was the one who requested unmasking Trump administration officials in raw intelligence files since viewed by Reps. Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) and Adam SchiffAdam SchiffTrump transition members urge Rice to testify Rice at center of intelligence storm over ‘unmasking’ flap House Dems to Ryan: Recuse Nunes from Russia probe MORE (D-Calif.), the heads of the House Intel Committee.  Trump immediately exhorted the press to "start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL” — but intelligence experts caution that the reports don’t mean that Obama or even Rice surveilled Trump officials.  Normally, when government officials receive intelligence reports, the names of American citizens are redacted to protect their privacy. But officials can request that names — listed as “U.S. Person 1,” for example — be "unmasked" internally in order to give context about the potential value of the intelligence. The national security adviser has the authority to request the unmasking names if there is a compelling national security reason to do so. “I don’t solicit reports,” Rice said Tuesday. “They're giving it to me, if I read it, and I think that in order for me to understand, is it significant or not so significant, I need to know who the ‘U.S. Person’ is, I can make that request.” Nothing in the Bloomberg report, Rice emphasized, backs up President Trump’s claim that the former President Obama “wiretapped” Trump Tower.  “There was no such collection or surveillance on Trump Tower or Trump individuals, it is important to understand, directed by the White House or targeted at Trump individuals,” Rice said.  Republicans have treated the revelation that Rice requested names be unmasked as proof that the Obama White House was inappropriately surveilling the Trump transition team. “Smoking gun found! Obama pal and noted dissembler Susan Rice said to have been spying on Trump campaign,” Sen. Rand PaulRand PaulOvernight Cybersecurity: Rice denies wrongly unmasking Trump team | Dems plead for electric grid cyber funds | China reportedly targeting cloud providers Rice at center of intelligence storm over ‘unmasking’ flap Overnight Tech: Bill would require warrants for border phone searches | Qualcomm wants antitrust case gone | Ex-Obama defense chief seeks tech help for Pentagon MORE (R-Ky.) tweeted, citing the Bloomberg report. Republicans have called for Rice to testify under oath, a request she sidestepped on Tuesday. “Let's see what comes,” she told Mitchell, when asked if she would testify on the matter. “I'm not going to sit here and prejudge. Citing the multiple “very important and very serious" investigations into Russian interference in the U.S. election,  Rice said, "As a formal U.S. official, I would want to be helpful in that process if I could.” The House and Senate Intelligence Committees, as well as the FBI, are all conducting probes into Russian interference. While the Senate investigation has continued apace, largely behind closed doors, the House probe has been bogged down in partisan fighting over Nunes’ discovery of the documents he says reveal inappropriate unmasking of transition team names. Onlookers have suggested that the exposure of Rice’s actions explains Nunes’ mysterious decision to view the documents at the White House, rather than the House Intelligence Committee’s secure location — because they belonged to the National Security Council. Nunes raced back to the White House the day after viewing the documents there to brief the president on his findings, which were reportedly brought to his attention by White House staffers. Democrats have accused the White House of “laundering” intelligence through the committee in order to provide justification for the president’s wiretapping claims.  —Ben Kamisar contributed. Updated at 1:02 p.m. Tags Adam Schiff Rand Paul   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Rice denies Obama administration... Former national security adviser Susan Rice on Tuesday categorically... 358 Shares 2 Poll: Trump's approval rating... Trump's approval rating has fallen 6 points in just under a month. 297 Shares 3 WH: Internal Bannon think tank... The White House is downplaying the importance of an internal policy shop... 199 Shares 4 Centrists push back on new... “While we haven't picked up any votes yet, this concept is already showing... 169 Shares 5 Rice at center of intelligence... Former national security adviser Susan Rice on Tuesday flatly rejected... 148 Shares 6 Harvard students form 'Dumbledore'... The progressive students launched a free four-week online course "that... 128 Shares 7 Gillibrand: 'If we're not helping... "We’re here to help people, and if we’re not helping people, we should go... 128 Shares 8 Trump signs internet privacy repeal President Trump signed a bill on Monday repealing internet privacy rules... 112 Shares 9 Comedian Louis C.K. calls Trump a... Comedian Louis C.K. tore into President Trump, accusing him of being the... 110 Shares 10 Intel Dem: Russia probe may put... "If I was betting, I would say yes," Rep. Joaquin Castro (D-Texas) said. 103 Shares 11 Ten companies pull ads from O'... Allstate, Hyundai and BMW among companies pulling ads after report on... 83 Shares 12 Trump hits Obama after Syrian gas... President Trump on Tuesday said a deadly gas attack in Syria carried out... 77 Shares 13 20 companies pull ads from O'... A growing number of major advertisers are pulling their commercials from “... 76 Shares 14 Poll: Trump approval rating... Trump's approval rating is down 11 points from the same poll's results in... 71 Shares 15 The Susan Rice ‘smoking gun,’ and... OPINION | If the former national security adviser ordered the so-called "... 69 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Global M2M Communication Market to Grow Over USD 36 Billion Revenue by 2022 M2M Communication Market The global Machine to Machine communication Market is expected to grow over the CAGR of ~10% during the period 2016 to 2022. PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, April 4, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Market Highlights Machine-to-Machine Communication (M2M) Market is driven by a huge demand for intelligent solutions across various industries such as consumer electronics, healthcare, retail, automotive, utilities, and home automation among others. The Machine to Machine (M2M) Communication market across the globe is expected to show a substantial growth with technological advancements and cost reduction. The M2M communication solutions offer various advantages such as improved efficiency, higher process and productivity through direct communication between remote machines and central management, which are the some of the major revenue generators for M2M Communication market. Global Machine to Machine Market is expect to grow at USD 36 billion by the end of forecasted period with CAGR of 10%. Key Players • Aeris communication. Inc. (U.S.) • AT&T, Inc. (U.S.) • Deutsche Telekom AG (Germany) • Cisco Systems Inc. (U.S.) • Telenor Group (Norway) • KORE Wireless Group (U.S.) • Intel (U.S.) • Rogers Communications Canada, Inc. (Canada) • Singtel Group (Singapore) • Texas Instruments (U.S) • Vodafone Group plc. (U.K.) • Verizon Communications, Inc. (U.S.) • Sprint Corporation (U.S.) • Telefónica, S.A.(Spain) • China Mobile Ltd. (China) • Numerex Corp. (U.S.) • Sierra Wireless (Canada) • Orange S.A. (France) Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1822 Machine to Machine (M2M) Market: The widespread adoption of wireless networks globally has enabled M2M Communication to operate at very high speed using less energy and resources that is increasing productivity, decreasing costs, less energy consumption and saving lives in uncountable areas. Many patients are benefiting from the remote monitoring of medical treatment tools that quickly alert doctor in emergencies. The M2M Communication Market is having significant growth in many areas such as wirelessly connected utility meters, consumer electronics and vending machines. Many companies such as Aeris communication, Inc. (U.S.), AT&T, Inc. (U.S.) are investing billions of dollars on consulting and implementation services to cellular machine to machine (M2M) communication with mobile network operator are dominating the market of M2M communication. List of Tables Table 1 Global M2m Communication market, By Technology Table 2 Global M2m Communication market, By Component Table 3 Global M2m Communication market, By Application Table 4 Global M2m Communication market, By Regions Table 5 North America M2m Communication market, By Country Table 6 North America M2m Communication market, By Technology Table 7 North America M2m Communication market, By Component Table 8 North America M2m Communication market, By Application Table 10 U.S. M2m Communication market, By Technology Table 11 U.S. M2m Communication market, By Component Table 12 U.S. M2m Communication market, By Application Table 13 Canada M2m Communication market, By Technology Table 14 Canada M2m Communication market, By Component Table 15 Canada M2m Communication market, By Application Table 16 Europe M2m Communication market, By Country Table 17 Europe M2m Communication market, By Technology Table 18 Europe M2m Communication market, By Component Table 19 Europe M2m Communication market, By Application Table 20 Germany M2m Communication market, By Technology Table 21 Germany M2m Communication market, By Component Table 22 Germany M2m Communication market, By Application Table 23 France M2m Communication market, By Technology Table 24 France M2m Communication market, By Component Table 25 France M2m Communication market, By Application Table 26 U.K. M2m Communication market, By Technology Table 27 U.K. M2m Communication market, By Component Table 28 U.K. M2m Communication market, By Application Table 29 Rest of Europe M2m Communication market, By Technology Table 30 Rest of Europe M2m Communication market, By Component Table 31 Rest of Europe M2m Communication market, By Application Table 32 Asia-Pacific M2m Communication market, By Technology Table 33 Asia-Pacific M2m Communication market, By Component Table 34 Asia-Pacific M2m Communication market, By Application Table 35 Asia-Pacific M2m Communication market, By Country Table 36 Row M2m Communication market, By Technology Table 37 Row M2m Communication market, By Component Table 38 Row M2m Communication market, By Application Browse Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/m2m-communication-market Market Research Analysis: Market Research Future Analysis shows that M2M Communication Market is growing rapidly and during the forecast period, it is expected to grow at CAGR of ~10%. Upcoming trends in the electronic and manufacturing industry with respect to autorotation and deployment of technology is expected to lead the market at new heights. Related Report Cluster Computing Market is expected to grow at CAGR of ~5% and will rose to the market size of USD 44 billion by the end of forecast period https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/cluster-computing-market About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. Akash Anand Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious AXA Group accelerates digital transformation with the Microsoft Cloud Next PostNext Telecom Power System Market Research and Projections 2017-2021 on Consumer Needs, Pricing strategy, Revenue and Growth Rate Search Recent Posts Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Select Realty Honors Associates Divi Resorts Offers Up to 50% Off Caribbean Travel for Limited-Time Easter Promotion Global Flexible Packaging Market Estimated to Expand at a Robust CAGR over 2020 – orbis Research Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Toggle navigation Login Register RS Gathering Diaries × Toggle navigation House Intel Committee Ready To Restart Probe Into Russian Election Meddling Share on Facebook Share on Twitter House Intel Committee Ready To Restart Probe Into Russian Election Meddling Posted at 12:30 pm on April 4, 2017 by Susan Wright Share on Facebook Share on Twitter It’s time to get back to work, and that’s a good thing. Rep. Jim Hines (D-Conn.), a member of the House Intelligence Committee, appeared on CNN’s “New Day” this morning to say that after a week-long delay, they’re ready to get back to the probe of Russia’s alleged interference in the 2016 election, as well as President Trump’s claims that Trump Tower was “wiretapped” by former President Obama. “I do think we’re getting back to business, which is really important here, both for the investigation but also for the oversight role that we have to play,” Rep. Jim Himes (D-Conn.) told CNN’s “New Day.” “We are going to stay in this investigation because we don’t have an outside commission,” he said. He brings up a good point. Many have called for an independent investigation, believing that House Intel Committee Chairman Devin Nunes has royally screwed things up, with his extracurricular activities. Democratic lawmakers called on Rep. Devin Nunes (R-Calif.), the chairman of the committee, to recuse himself after he admitted that he traveled to White House grounds to view classified material one day before briefing President Trump on incidental intelligence collection. Nunes, when he announced the incidental surveillance, did not inform the committee’s ranking member, Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.), or other lawmakers on the committee. And it wasn’t just Democrats who feel Nunes compromised the integrity of the investigation. Trending Melania Trump's Official Portrait Is Different From All Others; Here's Why Andrea Ruth Former Hewlett-Packard CEO and 2016 presidential contender, Carly Fiorina, and North Carolina Rep. Walter Jones have both called for an independent panel to take up the investigation, feeling this is the only way to avoid the appearance of partisan motives. Senators Lindsey Graham and John McCain have also expressed some disdain for Nunes’ actions. Rep. Hines further stated that Democrats will walk out, if they feel they aren’t getting all the available information. And they should. Either there is full disclosure of the evidence involved, or there’s no investigation. This is little more than a charade, without it, in which case, you then have to ask yourself who doesn’t want an answer to this, and why not? Democrat @jahimes suggests House probe into alleged Russia/ White House collusion back on track after turbulent week https://t.co/eI0ECQtl9y — New Day (@NewDay) April 4, 2017 .@jahimes: Democrats will walk away from House probe into Trump/Russia connections if denied access to key documents https://t.co/eI0ECQtl9y — New Day (@NewDay) April 4, 2017 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Tags: Obama Wiretapping Rep. Jim Hines russia probe Recent Stories US Announces Withdrawal From UN Population Fund streiff Trump Blames Obama and McCain Blames Trump for Chemical Attack in Syria streiff Melania Trump’s Official Portrait Is Different From All Others; Here’s Why Andrea Ruth COMMENTS POSTING RULES  |  LOGIN TO COMMENT  |  REGISTER TODAY Trending That Lyft Driver Showed Us How Every Business Should Respond to SJW Bullies Dear CNN: Why Is a Former Obama Appointee Reporting on Susan Rice Revelation? Trump Blames Obama and McCain Blames Trump for Chemical Attack in Syria I Have Been Informed We're Supposed to Hate Pepsi Now Okay, So Maybe Porn Is Not All Bad (VIDEO) Four Democrats Most Likely to Pay the Price in 2018 for Oppossing Gorsuch Martin Walsh White House Blows Off Russia Backchannel Story Susan Wright Tom Cotton SLAMS Susan Rice for Many Foreign Policy-Related Controversies Martin Walsh The Susan Rice Story Unfolded a Lot Like Another Political Scandal streiff Uh Oh: #TheResistance Suffers A Huge Setback Joe Cunningham RedState’s WaterCooler! 4/4/2017 – Open Thread – Dr. Martin Luther King Lives earhartam Related Stories White House Blows Off Russia Backchannel Story Susan Wright The Susan Rice Story Unfolded a Lot Like Another Political Scandal streiff Trending on Townhall Media 'The PayPal Monopoly' Is Crushing U.S. Small Businesses  finance.townhall.com Exclusive: The Truth About 'La Raza' | Human Events humanevents.com James Clapper. He Lied To Congress Why Would We Believe Him Today? redstate.com Ranking House Democrat On Intel Committee: No Definitive Proof Of Collusion Between Trump and Russia townhall.com Home RS Gathering Advertise Newsletters Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright RedState.com. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you
Close Daimler, parts firm Bosch team up to make driverless cars - Brownsville Herald: Business Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 74° Clear Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest City courts Lyft’s services District 2 Commissioner Jessica Tetreau and District 3 Commissioner Deborah Portillo said Lyft has put Brownsville on its list to offer transportation services. Posted: April 04 rss Texas News Winning numbers drawn in 'Triple Chance' game Winning numbers drawn in 'All or Nothing Night' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily 4 Night' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Night' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Cash 5' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Mega Millions' game Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Arrieta, Cubs rebound with 2-1 win over St. Louis AP New! ST. LOUIS (AP) — Albert Almora Jr. robbed Matt Adams of a home run and Javier Baez made a terrific sliding stop on Kolten Wong's game-ending grounder, sending Jake Arrieta and the Chicago Cubs to a 2-1 victory against the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night. Updated: 11:15 pm Sports, Men's Sports, Professional Baseball More From The Latest LEADING OFF: Sale makes Boston debut; Bartolo back in Citi The Latest: St. Louis elects first-ever female mayor Los Fresnos girls soccer blanks Rivera in 6A regional quarterfinals Westbrook ties triple-double mark; Thunder top Bucks 110-79 Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Puzzles Comics Kingdom Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory Careers Don't Miss: MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Community Calendar Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Business Daimler, parts firm Bosch team up to make driverless cars Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Matthias Schrader Daimler, parts firm Bosch team up to make driverless cars FILE- In this Feb. 2, 2017 file photo, the logo of Mercedes is photographed at the annual news conference at the company's headquarters in Stuttgart, Germany. Automaker Daimler AG and parts supplier Bosch Group say they are teaming up to make driverless cars that they say could be on city streets at the start of the next decade. The companies would combine expertise in car making, sensors and software so that people in a specific part of town could order a shared car through their smart phone. The driverless car would then come pick them up and take them where they want to go. The companies said Tuesday, April 4, 2017 the system would let people make better use of their time in cars and help those who do not have driver’s licenses. (AP Photo/Matthias Schrader,file) Posted: Tuesday, April 4, 2017 10:10 am | Updated: 10:30 am, Tue Apr 4, 2017. Daimler, parts firm Bosch team up to make driverless cars Associated Press | FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — Automaker Daimler AG and industry supplier Bosch Group are teaming up to make driverless cars that they say could be on city streets at the start of the next decade. The companies would combine expertise in car making, sensors and software so that people in a specific part of town could order a shared car through their smart phone. The driverless car would pick them up and take them where they want to go. The companies said Tuesday the system would let people make better use of their time in cars and help those who do not have driver's licenses. The auto industry and tech firms have been investing heavily in autonomous driving technology. Many basic elements of autonomous driving are already in use, such as driver assistance systems that can keep cars in freeway lanes or detect pedestrians ahead. But legal issues surrounding driver responsibility remain to be solved. Other automakers are also working on the concept. BMW, a top competitor for Daimler's Mercedes-Benz luxury cars, has teamed up with chip maker Intel and Mobileye, maker of driver-assistance systems. Together they plan to have 40 autonomous BMW vehicles on the road testing the technology this year, and BMW says it will introduce an autonomous vehicle called the iNEXT by 2021. Last month at the Geneva auto show, Volkswagen showed off an autonomous vehicle with no steering wheel and facing sofa-style seats. Alphabet's Waymo, the former Google autonomous car project, is testing autonomous vehicles on public roads in the United States with test drivers aboard. The two companies provided little additional detail about the project in their statement but were clear that they intended to come up with an automated system that is "ready for production." The news release said they were aiming for what is known as Level 5 automation — with sensors and software controlling the vehicle fulltime. Bosch, headquartered in the German town of Gerlingen, near Stuttgart, has some 390,000 employees in 120 countries. It is a leading auto industry supplier, making vehicle safety and driver assistance systems, sensor technology and software. "By introducing fully automated and driverless driving to the urban environment, Bosch and Daimler aim to improve the flow of traffic in cities, enhance safety on the road and provide an important building block for the way traffic will work in the future," the companies said in a statement. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business Kendall Jenner's protest Pepsi spot prompts online backlash ARTICLE: Kendall Jenner's protest Pepsi spot prompts online backlash HTML: Major U.S. Market Indices Value Over Time - YTD Asian shares advance after steady day on Wall Street Asian shares advance after steady day on Wall Street More about General News ARTICLE: Winning numbers drawn in 'Triple Chance' game ARTICLE: Winning numbers drawn in 'All or Nothing Night' game ARTICLE: Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily 4 Night' game ARTICLE: Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Night' game ARTICLE: Winning numbers drawn in 'Cash 5' game More about Driverless Cars Daimler, parts firm Bosch team up to make driverless cars Trudeau jokes he'll fight actor Matthew Perry in rematch Ford hires 400 for Canadian connected car research Ford hires 400 for Canadian connected car research Discuss Print Posted in Business on Tuesday, April 4, 2017 10:10 am. Updated: 10:30 am. | Tags: Business, General News, Driverless Cars, Automotive Technology, Industrial Technology, Technology, Automobile Manufacturing, Consumer Product Manufacturing, Consumer Products And Services, Automobile Parts Manufacturing | Location Tags: Germany, Western Europe, Europe Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Online Features Real Estate 5 mistakes to avoid when buying your ... Brandpoint (BPT) Tips for choosing an energy-efficient... Brandpoint (BPT) Spring home improvements you can do i... Brandpoint (BPT) The lowdown on low down payment mortgage Brandpoint (BPT) 7 home improvements to tackle before ... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot, high-tech upgrades to give you... Brandpoint (BPT) Home sellers: 6 last-minute cleaning ... Brandpoint (BPT) Buying or Refinancing Your Home this ... Thoughtful home design: 4 tips to tra... Brandpoint (BPT) How trending home colors achieve thei... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes House for Rent 3403 San Fabian Mission, Sharyland Plantation 2,300 $1,450 posted: April 02 Se Renta local 850 pies area de San Juan, atras Updated: Yesterday FSBO- 1,500sqft 3/2, 1525 Robin, Move-in Ready. $120K. Call: (956) $120 Updated: Yesterday More Homes Cars 04 Toyota Tundra, Ext. Cab, 4WD, V-8, 150K Mi., New $8,995 Updated: Yesterday 2013 Mercedes C350 Sport 72K mi., navigation, panoramic sunroof, exc. $24,800 Updated: Yesterday 2013 Nissan Altima SL. $14,900, 58K Mi.,, remote start, keyless $14,900 Updated: Yesterday More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Friends2Follow Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate 5 mistakes to avoid when buying your ... Brandpoint (BPT) Tips for choosing an energy-efficient... Brandpoint (BPT) Spring home improvements you can do i... Brandpoint (BPT) The lowdown on low down payment mortgage Brandpoint (BPT) 7 home improvements to tackle before ... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot, high-tech upgrades to give you... Brandpoint (BPT) Home sellers: 6 last-minute cleaning ... Brandpoint (BPT) Buying or Refinancing Your Home this ... Thoughtful home design: 4 tips to tra... Brandpoint (BPT) How trending home colors achieve thei... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2017, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: $319 iPhone SE, $120 off Xbox One S bundle, and... What’s new in iOS 10.3, Galaxy S8, best Messages tweaks, and more... Don’t want internet providers to sell your browsing data? Use a VPN Jailbreak Guide: Can I jailbreak?   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple is “sorry” about “a pause” in Mac upgrades By Christian Zibreg, Apr 4, 2017 Tweet 4 Comments A quick look at MacRumors’ Buyers Guide is all it takes to realize Apple’s neglected its Mac fans with slow upgrades. Part of the problem lies in Apple’s heavy reliance on Intel. Making matters worse, the chip maker abandoned its tick-tock release schedule as it’s become economically unsustainable. Perhaps that’s why Apple summoned its senior executives Phil Schiller, Craig Federighi and John Ternus for “a small roundtable discussion about Mac” with five journalists (Matthew Panzarino, Lance Ulanoff, Ina Fried, John Paczkowski and John Gruber). In the case of Mac Pro, Apple miscalculated the repercussions its radical redesign would have on pro users. While it looks great, Mac Pro’s design makes it hard for Apple or its customers to replace tightly integrated internals with more powerful CPUs and massive hot-running GPUs. The main idea guiding the development of Mac Pro was that the most demanding of pro users would take advantage of the machine’s plentiful Thunderbolt 2 ports to boost graphics via external Thunderbolt modules. It never really took off. As Schiller acknowledged: As we’ve said, we made something bold that we thought would be great for the majority of our Mac Pro users. And what we discovered was that it was great for some and not others. Enough so that we need to take another path. One of the good things, hopefully, with Apple through the years has been a willingness to say when something isn’t quite what we wanted it do be, didn’t live up to expectations, to not be afraid to admit it and look for the next answer. Federighi added that thermal core design proved difficult to update Mac Pro regularly. Apple’s Product Realization Lab, where they craft prototypes of future Macs The decision to outfit Mac Pros with dual GPUs backfired because the industry had just begun adopting workstations with one big GPU. Here’s how Federighi framed it: I think we designed ourselves into a bit of a thermal corner, if you will. We designed a system with the kind of GPUs that at the time we thought we needed, and that we thought we could well serve with a two GPU architecture. That that was the thermal limit we needed, or the thermal capacity we needed. But workloads didn’t materialize to fit that as broadly as we hoped. Being able to put larger single GPUs required a different system architecture and more thermal capacity than that system was designed to accommodate. So it became fairly difficult to adjust. At the same time, so many of our customers were moving to iMac that we saw a path to address many, many more of those that were finding themselves limited by a Mac Pro through next generation iMac. And really put a lot of our energy behind that. Specs are important no matter how you look at it, more so if you’re in the market for a pro workstations for some serious number crunching and creative work. Federighi was first to admit that Mac Pros are currently not well-suited for virtual reality apps (and Oculus agrees). “Certain kinds of high-end cinema production tasks” is another example where Mac Pros don’t excel at because, as Federighi notes, many pro apps don’t balance themselves well across multiple GPUs, but can scale across a single large GPU. Schiller jumped in, apologizing for keeping customers waiting for new Mac Pros: The current Mac Pro, as we’ve said a few times, was constrained thermally and it restricted our ability to upgrade it. And for that, we’re sorry to disappoint customers who wanted that, and we’ve asked the team to go and re-architect and design something great for the future that those Mac Pro customers who want more expandability, more upgradability in the future. It’ll meet more of those needs. Mac has an important, long future at Apple, that Apple cares deeply about Mac, we have every intention to keep going and investing in Mac. And if we’ve had a pause in upgrades and updates on that, we’re sorry for that—what happened with Mac Pro, and we’re going to come out with something great to replace it. And that’s our intention. Asked if Apple was aware of just how many customers have begun to doubt its commitment to Mac and the needs of pro users, Schiller responded by saying: It’s a reasonable question, and this is why we’re here today, specifically, to address that question above all else. We’re committed to Mac, we’ve got great talent on the Mac, both hardware and software, we’ve got great products planned for the future, and as far as our horizon line can see, Mac is a core component of the things Apple delivers, including to our pro customers. And on Apple’s own pro apps: I just want to reiterate our strong commitment there, as well. Both with Final Cut Pro X and Logic Pro X, there are teams on those software products that are completely dedicated to delivering great pro software to our customers. No foot off the gas there. The following quote is attributed to John Ternus, who is in charge of Mac hardware as Apple’s Vice President of Hardware Engineering: Some of our most talented folks are working on Mac. I mean, quite frankly, a lot of this company, if not most of this company, runs on Macs. This is a company full of pro Mac users. Federighi added that using Xcode downloads as a metric suggests that it is possible that software developers are actually Apple’s largest pro audience. “It’s growing very quickly, it’s been fantastic,” he said. Schiller offered this message to concerned pro users: We recognize that they want to hear more from us. And so we want to communicate better with them. We want them to understand the importance they have for us, we want them to understand that we’re investing in new Macs—not only new MacBook Pros and iMacs but Mac Pros for them, we want them to know we are going to work on a display for a modular system. We want them to know we’re continuing to invest in MacOS as well as our pro app software for pros… those are things we want to clearly communicate to them. And yes, we want them to know that, while we have not had updates to the current Mac Pro, we’re going to keep it on the price list because there are customers for whom it does work—for the things they need to do… We want to at least make the value of it better while we’re doing that. For those wondering about the state of automation and scripting, Federighi said that “scriptability and automation of the system remain super important” to Apple. Some other notable tidbits: 15 percent of all Mac users use at least one pro app multiple times per week. Additional 15 percent of all Mac users use pro apps at least once per week. 30 percent of the overall Mac user base is the pro market. The split between notebooks and desktops in Mac sales is 80/20. The most popular notebook with pros is MacBook Pro. The most popular desktop with pros is iMac (followed by Mac Pro). Notebooks are the most popular Macs with pros, before iMac (#2) and Mac Pro (#3). Mac Pro’s share of all Mac sales is a single-digit percentage. Sales of the new MacBook Pro are up about twenty percent year over year. Mac sales were up in 2016 and continue to outpace the PC industry. Mac user base is nearing 100 million users. Mac as a business is nearing a $25 billion run rate. Mac, Inc. would file as a Fortune 100 company on its own. Just to illustrate the effects of Apple’s dependence on Intel, the chip giant recently delayed Cannon Lake, its 10-nanometer evolution of existing Core processors. A company executive said that the new chips could now enter mass production next year. There’s little Apple can do when its key supplier delays processors, especially chips suitable for iMacs, Mac minis and Mac notebooks, into next year. The Cannon Lake platform supports LPDDR4 memory which consumes less power than the power-hungry DDR4 RAM inside the new MacBook Pro. In other words, the delay could endanger a rumored 32 GB MacBook Pro release in 2017. The current state of Mac updates, via MacRumors’ Buyers Guide. Here’s how many days have passed since Apple released major updates to these Macs: iMac—539 days since last release (average: 317 days) Mac Pro—1,202 days since last release (average: 449 days) Mac mini—901 days since last release (average: 438 days) MacBook—350 days since last release (average: 375 days) MacBook Pro—159 days since last release (average: 320 days) MacBook Air—757 days since last release (average: 350 days) The takeaway: Macs have a bright future ahead as new iMacs with pro-level features are coming later this year and a next-generation Mac Pro with modular design along with Apple-branded pro displays due in 2018. As for the most affordable Mac model—Mac mini—that machine is “important” to Apple and as such won’t be going away in the near future. In Schiller’s words, it’s “more of a mix of consumer with some pro use” and “remains a product in our lineup”. Thoughts on Apple’s comments? Source: Daring Fireball, TechCrunch, BuzzFeed, Mashable, Axios Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Mac mini is “important” and shall remain a product in Apple’s lineup for the time being Apple updates Mac Pro, confirms new model with modular design and pro displays due in 2018 Apple: “great” pro-level iMacs are in the pipeline, slated for release this year Having trouble deciding what Mac to buy? Use Apple’s online comparison tool Related Topics Apple, Craig Federighi, iMac, John Ternus, Mac, Mac Mini, Mac Pro, News, Phil Schiller Bacillus Seems they got ashamed of themselves. And found out how many (real) Pro customers and devs jumped ship. Probably too late. Note that those switchets won’t return anytime soon, because most modern media-intensive apps are now primary Windows based or on other platforms. Those who feel betrayed and went through lots of trouble, don’t come back that easy, Phil. And in particular, the non-upgradeable trashcan ad-interim solution will be the one nobody buys. So that won’t stop the bleeding. You look like apprentices in the IT industry. Petur “Sorry” about a “pause” who are these guys? Did they just recently wake up, after three years and figure out that their product, Mac Pro, was outdated the day it was presented to the public? Seriously you cannot have been awake these three years. These guys think more about the looks of their product then the functionality of them. They are in a wrong field of a job. “Enough so that we need to take another path” Yes I agree, you should apply for a job at a flower shop. You are about to destroy the functionality of the iMac, it´s way, way to thin. I love the MacOS and I still use my 2010 iMac, with i7 and I added a SSD and 32GB memory. Javier Gore That’s what happens when you charge 2013 technology sugar coated with a radical yet innovative design. They clearly sat in their laurels expecting emotional buyers to be the mainstream buyers who drive their production line. Reality proved them very wrong: Rationality won over emotionality and people realized they could buy way more powerful hardware and build windows machines or even hackintoshes at a much lower cost. ic0dex https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/6dce0bd99123c1826be79fd628695df4c4e8f48a1cbc62842c0e792da4b4d411.jpg   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Analyst: iPhone 8 to be priced relative to Galaxy S8+ Has iOS 10.3 randomly turned on your previously disabled iCloud services in Settings? The Accountant, Arrival, and other iTunes movies under $10 Starbucks rolls out iMessage app for gifting digital cards with Apple Pay support Apple Music 2.0 for Android brings iOS 10 style interface, integrated lyrics & more   The latest jailbreak news WeatherLock brings the Weather app’s animated backgrounds to your Lock screen Confero 2 is a notification badge manager for your apps This tweak disables unwanted features in the Settings app Brightify gives the Spotify Music app a white makeover Get the Hermès and Nike+ watch faces on your Apple Watch with this tweak iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Mac Pro Specs Get Updated After Three Years By Adnan Farooqui on 04/04/2017 09:06 PDT Apple has recently been accused of neglecting the Mac products meant for professionals and for good reason. It has been three years since the company decided to refresh the Mac Pro specs and it’s finally doing that today. It has even made some surprising revelations today that you don’t normally expect to hear from Apple. The Mac Pro specs have finally been refreshed today three years after the existing model was first released. Customers who pick up the $2,999 base model of the Mac Pro will now get a six-core Intel Xeon processor with two AMD D500s and 16GB of RAM instead of the quad-core Intel Xeon E5 processor with dual AMD FirePro D300 graphic cards and 12GB of RAM. The premium model with its octa-core Xeon processor and two D700 graphic cards costs $3,999 as it has ditched the six-core E5 processor and two D500 graphic cards. Despite going through a specs refresh, the Mac Pro doesn’t get USB Type-C ports. It’s going to offer six Thunderbolt 2 ports, two Ethernet ports, an HDMI port, and four USB-A ports. Apple has also confirmed today that it’s working on a completely new Mac Pro that’s going to be launched with an Apple-branded pro display at some point next year. The company has confirmed that new iMac configurations aimed at professional customers will be launched later this year. Filed in Apple >Computers. Read more about iMac and mac pro. Related Articles 2017-04-04 Apple Is 'Completely Rethinking' The Mac Pro 2017-02-28 Apple’s CEO Tim Cook Pledges To Support ‘Pro’ Users 2016-12-20 Apple’s Mac Development Has Reportedly Taken A Backseat 2016-12-19 Tim Cook Assures That ‘Great Desktops’ Are Coming 2016-12-09 Apple’s Online Support Lets You Schedule Repairs With Third-Parties 2016-12-08 New Macs Could Be Coming Based On AMD GPU References 2016-11-02 Apple Drops SSD Upgrade Prices On Older Mac Computers Sony Announces ‘Venom’ Movie For Release Next Year Lucid Motors' Electric Car Price Confirmed Woman's Headphones Explode Mid-Flight Google’s Allo Can Reveal Your Search History To Your Friends Project Scorpio To Feature Internal Power Supply And 4K Game DVR Google And Levi's Smart Jacket Launches This Fall For $350 Pre-Order Project Scorpio Page Goes Live On Microsoft Store Film Company Trolls Pirates With Fake KickassTorrents Website User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
We're Sorry eNCA does not support the browser you are using. Please update Internet Explorer to version 11 or higher, or download and install the Google Chrome browser No thanks I'll take my chances ... click here to view eNCA.com in this browser. 29 °C 16 °C Johannesburg, South Africa 31 °C 16 °C Pretoria, South Africa 20 °C 11 °C Cape Town, South Africa 28 °C 20 °C Durban, South Africa 31 °C 15 °C Mbombela, South Africa 31 °C 16 °C Bloemfontein, South Africa 31 °C 16 °C Polokwane, South Africa 37 °C 17 °C Upington, South Africa 31 °C 16 °C Mahikeng, South Africa Change City Johannesburg Pretoria Cape Town Durban Mbombela Bloemfontein Polokwane Port Elizabeth East London Upington Mahikeng Newsletters News Stream TV Guide Story WATCH: Motlanthe says Zuma should step down Story Government insists Friday will be 'normal working day' Story VIDEO: Tremor felt across SA ... and eNCA's studio Top Stories Video Radio South Africa Africa World Money Sport Technology Life Opinion Weather Interviews Podcasts Comment Now! Mercedes, Bosch join forces to develop self-driving taxis Technology Tuesday 4 April 2017 - 4:06pm A Mercedes sign is seen on the car Photo: REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke FRANKFURT - Mercedes-Benz owner Daimler and supplier Robert Bosch are teaming up to develop self-driving cars in an alliance aimed at accelerating the production of "robo-taxis". The pact between the world's largest maker of premium cars and the world's largest automotive supplier forms a powerful counterweight to new auto industry players like ride-hailing firms Uber and Didi which are also working on self-driving cars. Technology companies and carmakers are striving to adjust to a shifting landscape in the auto industry as consumers increasingly use smartphones to locate, hail and rent vehicles, rather than going out and buying cars. READ: California shuts down Uber's self-driving cars The alliance not only marks an end to Daimler's efforts to develop an autonomous car largely on its own but moves the auto industry's ambitions beyond simply developing prototype vehicles towards the industrial-scale production of self-driving cars. Financial terms were not disclosed of the deal between the two German companies, which was announced on Tuesday. Bosch - which was founded in 1886, the same year that Mercedes founder Carl Benz patented the motorcar - will develop software and algorithms needed for autonomous driving together with the carmaker. The deal will help the automotive supplier make ground in a competitive autonomous driving system sector where rivals Continental and Delphi ZF and others have also made heavy investments. For Daimler and its Mercedes division, teaming up with Bosch helps them throw more engineering resources at autonomous cars, allowing them to speed up the process of creating a production-ready system for autonomous cars by several years. The autonomous system will now be ready by the beginning of next decade, Daimler said, without disclosing when it had first envisaged the commercial launch of automated taxis or robo-taxis. "The prime objective of the project is to achieve the production-ready development of a driving system which will allow cars to drive fully autonomously in the city," Daimler said in a statement on Tuesday. Car comes to driver The market for advanced driver assistance systems and autonomous vehicles is expected to grow from about $3 billion in 2015 to $96 billion in 2025 and $290 billion in 2035, Goldman Sachs said last year. Daimler is focusing its efforts on the app-based car-sharing and ride-hailing sector dominated by China's Didi, and U.S.-based Uber and Lyft. Like autonomous cars, this market is a big global growth area and is expected to expand by 28 percent a year to 2030, according to consultancy McKinsey. "Within a specified area of town, customers will be able to order an automated shared car via their smartphone. The vehicle will then make its way autonomously to the user," Daimler said. "The idea behind it is that the vehicle should come to the driver rather than the other way round." The cutthroat competition to launch self-driven cars has forced carmakers to shift strategy from an evolutionary toward a revolutionary approach. Instead of evolving driver assistance systems to achieve full autonomy, carmakers are now experimenting with radical car designs combined with software-driven development - which has led to alliances with technology companies. Mercedes-Benz's arch rival BMW teamed up with Israeli autonomous vehicle tech company Mobileye and chip maker Intel last year to develop new technology that could put autonomous cars on the road by 2021. Intel has since agreed to buy Israeli autonomous vehicle technology firm Mobileye for $15.3 billion, a deal which followed Qualcomm's $47 billion moves to acquire Dutch automotive chip supplier NXP. Before deciding to partner with Bosch, Mercedes-Benz had two engineering teams working on autonomous vehicles. One took an evolutionary approach, upgrading the capabilities of conventional vehicles, while the other team took a more radical approach to the car's design. "Cars which do not rely on any driver input have a different architecture and sensor setup, with more radar and cameras," Christoph von Hugo, a senior Mercedes-Benz safety manager, told Reuters at a recent event to present safety systems. No steering wheel needed The current Mercedes E-Class can cruise without driver input on highways, keeping the distance to the car in front and staying in lane using a system which has "level 2" autonomy. Full autonomy - known as an "eyes off, brains off" or "level 5" system - does away with even the need for a steering wheel. "We don't want to wait until level 3 has arrived before we start with level 4/5. That will be too late," von Hugo said, adding that the prospect of new revenue streams from maintaining fleets of robo-taxis was a big motivating factor for doubling up the carmaker's R&D efforts. Autonomous vehicles came closer to road-going reality after Google unveiled a prototype car which it developed with the help of Bosch back in 2012. Mercedes-Benz responded by developing an S-class limousine that drove 103 km between the German towns of Mannheim and Pforzheim a year later. Real commercial applications for autonomous cars will start to take off between 2020 and 2025, Ola Kaellenius, Daimler board member and head of Group Research and Mercedes-Benz Cars development told Reuters last month. "If you take the robo-taxi, you start perhaps in a city or several cities or areas of cities, and then you grow from there," he said. "The key is to get to something that you can commercialise, scale up." The systems and hardware expertise provided by Bosch will help Mercedes-Benz make autonomous car technology which can be produced in large numbers. Bosch is already one of the world's largest suppliers of advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and recently announced an alliance with US tech firm Nvidia to develop a self-driving computer for production cars. Mercedes-Benz and auto supplier ZF also have separate alliances with Nvidia. The Bosch-Daimler alliance will rely on high-definition mapping systems provided by HERE, the digital mapping firm owned by BMW, Mercedes, Audi and Intel. Reuters Comment Now! Discussion Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. RELATED STORIES Uber grounds self-driving cars after Arizona accident 26 March 2017 No one was seriously injured in the accident which occurred on Friday in Tempe, Arizona while the vehicle was in self-driving mode, the company said. California gives green light to self-driving car tests 12 March 2017 Rules proposed at the end of 2015 required that a person with a permit always be present in the vehicle, and be able to regain control of it. Society set for head-on collision with driverless cars 21 January 2017 Cars with some autonomous functions are already on our roads, and more than a dozen automakers are racing to get fully self-driving cars to market by 2020. Trending 1UPDATE: Protest action planned for Friday 2What junk status means for South Africans 3VIDEO: ANCYL lashes out at DA protest plans 4ANC top brass to brief media on NWC outcomes 5WATCH: Mokonyane lambasts Zuma critics Full coverage Zuma reshuffles cabinet South Africa should copy Brazil and impeach its president Crisis in South Sudan S Sudan refugees claim attacked by government soldiers Treasury Troubles WATCH: Gigaba describes downgrade as a setback Boko Haram Boko Haram denies fighters are starving View All Cartoon Currencies Commodities JSE Indices US Dollar 13.575 -0.0036 GB Pound 16.8748 0.0005 Euro 14.4838 -0.0078 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. ICE Brent Crude $ 54.26 2.18 Gold $ 1254.33 -0.14 Platinum $ 962.5 0.26 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. FTSE/JSE Top 40 45746.93 0 FTSE/JSE All Share 52660.74 0 FTSE/JSE Resource 10 33258.21 0 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. SECTIONS Top Stories South Africa Africa World Money Sport Life Technology Opinion SHOWS #Africa Against All Odds CheckPoint eNCA Afrikaans eNCA isiZulu eNews Direct eShibobo Judge For Yourself Maggs on Media Meet the Media with Eusebius Mckasier Moneyline The Justice Factor Week In One ABOUT About Contact Jobs News Team Privacy Policy Press Releases Licensing Discussions Policy Advertise on eNCA.com WATCH US ON 24h Live Stream DSTV 403 e.tv africa eNews Direct eNuus Kyknet FOLLOW US ON Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feeds © 2016 eNews Channel Africa. All rights reserved NEWS STREAMclose View All News Stream 0 eNCA.com would like to send you push notifications. Notifications can be turned off any time in your browser settings. Yes, please. No, thanks. You have been registered for browser notifications Click here to find out how to turn notifcations off in browser settings. Close
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: INDYLIFE The 18 companies most likely to get self-driving cars on the road first Google's Lexus RX 450H Self Driving Car / Getty Danielle Muoio, Business Insider Tuesday 4 April 2017 16:50 BST Click to follow Indy/Life 2016 was a big year for self-driving cars. Alphabet's self-driving car unit officially became its own independent company, Waymo. Tesla says its cars now come with hardware that will support full autonomy when the regulatory environment allows it. That doesn't even mention the various startups, like AutoX, now vying for a foothold in the space. Navigant Research assessed all the self-driving-car players and has released its leadership grid showing who is most poised to bring Level 2, Level 3, and Level 4 self-driving cars to market in the next decade. Navigant first released its leadership grid in the third-quarter of 2015, but says in its report that the "landscape for automated driving has advanced significantly" since then.  (For reference, Level 2 and 3 autonomous systems refers to vehicles that can handle some complex driving tasks, but still primarily rely on a driver. Level 4 autonomy refers to cars that can drive themselves without any human intervention, but only in certain geographic regions. You can get a better breakdown here.)​ Companies on the the Leadership Grid were assessed on 10 criteria: vision; go-to market strategy; partners; production strategy; technology; product capability; sales, marketing & distribution; product quality and reliability; product portfolio; staying power. The companies were then given an overall score out of 100 based on their performance in each category. Scores were boosted for those who have announced Level 2 autonomy plans for 2017 or 2018 as well as for companies that have publicly demonstrated Level 4 autonomy. Scroll down to see the 18 companies slated to get their autonomous systems to market first, ranked: 18. Baidu Baidu, a Chinese internet company, has been publicly testing its self-driving-car technology since 2015. In December of that year, a BMW 3-series modified with the company's autonomous tech completed an 18.3-mile route, performing tasks like lane changes and u-turns. Baidu also let members of the public take rides in a fleet of electric cars retroffited with driverless tech in November 2016, but the trial only lasted a week. The company has an autonomous testing permit in California and an office in Sunnyvale. The Beijing-based company plans to produce a limited number of autonomous vehicles for a shared shuttle service in 2018. It plans to mass produce self-driving cars in 2021. Navigant Research gave Baidu an overall score of 47.1 out of a possible 100, noting that the company ended its partnership with BMW in November of last year. 17. nuTonomy NuTonomy, a Boston-based startup spun out of MIT in 2013, has been quietly making big moves in the self-driving-car space.  In August 2016, nuTonomy became the first company to launch a fleet of self-driving taxis under a pilot program in Singapore. The startup has since expanded that trial to its home city of Boston in November of last year. NuTonomy has raised $20 million in venture funding through 2016. Investors include the government of Singapore and Fontinalis Partners, a venture fund founded Bill Ford, the executive chairman of Ford. Navigant Research gave nuTonomy an overall score of 51.6 out of a possible 100. 16. Uber Despite drawing a lot of attention when it launched its self-driving-car pilot in Pittsburgh last September, Uber is relatively low on Navigant's list. Uber set up shop in Pittsburgh after poaching several robotics experts from Carnegie Mellon in May 2015. After launching its Pittsburgh trial in September, Uber now also runs one in Arizona. In December, Uber got into a public dispute with the California DMV after launching a self-driving-car pilot in San Francisco without first obtaining an autonomous vehicles testing permit. Uber left California for Arizona after the DMV revoked registration of its 16 self-driving Volvo XC90s. In January, Uber formed a partnership with Daimler. "This could be a hedge by Uber in the event that its in-house technology development does not work out — or if it proves to be too expensive to operate its own fleet of vehicles," Navigant wrote in its report. Waymo is suing Uber, claiming the ride-hailing service stole the intellectual property for its lidar system. Navigant Research gave Uber an overall score of 54.5 out of a possible 100. 15. Honda Honda has taken a conservative approach to self-driving cars. The company is more focused on expanding its assisted driving features in its current vehicles rather than pushing for full autonomy. Honda has an autonomous vehicles testing permit in California, but only tested on closed courses in 2016, Navigant wrote in its report. However, Waymo is currently considering partnering with Honda. Honda would most likely supply vehicles for Waymo's test fleet. Navigant Research gave Honda an overall score of 55.1 out of a possible 100. 14. ZF German auto supplier ZF is surprisingly high on Navigant's list.  Its score was largely boosted following ZF CEO Stefan Sommer announcement at CES 2017 that it will commercialize NVIDIA's PX2 processing platform with its self-driving system, ProAI. ZF is therefore the first company to bring the NVIDIA computing platform into production. ProAI is slated to appear in production vehicles in 2020. ZF also acquired TRW, a Michigan-based supplier of automated systems, in 2015. Navigant Research gave ZF an overall score of 64 out of a possible 100. 13. Toyota Although Toyota is taking a more conservative approach to self-driving cars than other companies, the Japanese automaker is investing heavily in autonomous driving features. That's most apparent by the company's five-year, $1 billion investment in the Toyota Research Insistute. The TRI was launched with the mandate of making a car incapable of causing a crash. Navigant wrote in its report that as one of the world's largest and most profitable OEMs, Toyota has the resources and expertise to make fully automated vehicles. Navigant Research gave Toyota an overall score of 64.2 out of a possible 100. 12. Tesla That's right, Tesla didn't make the top 10 in Navigant's report. Although Tesla's self-driving features have come a long way, Navigant said there were reasons to doubt the automaker's ability to achieve Level 4 autonomy. Tesla cars are currently being built with new hardware that will improve Tesla Autopilot, renaming the system Autopilot 2, and set the foundation for full autonomy. A Tesla will drive itself from Los Angeles to New York before the end of 2017 to demonstrate the technology. Crash rates for Tesla cars have plummeted 40% since Autopilot was first installed in 2015. But Navigant wrote in its report that Tesla's Autopilot system has faced its challenges, including a fatal accident in May while the system was activated. The National Highway Traffic Safety administration said Autopilot was not at fault because the driver had ample time to intervene and prevent the accident, but as the Navigant report notes, there's a history of drivers misusing Autopilot and engaging in other tasks while it's on. Navigant also wrote it's skeptical Tesla will achieve full Level 4 autonomy without embracing lidar technology, a sensor that shoots lasers so cars can detect obstacles. Navigant Research gave Tesla an overall score of 64.5 out of a possible 100. 11. PSA PSA is the second-largest car manufacturer in Europe and is planning to have fully driverless cars on the road in 2020. Four of the automaker's self-driving cars drove 360 miles between Paris and Bordeaux in France in October 2015. ZF announced in 2016 it will supply cameras, radar, and software for PSA vehicles with self-driving capabilities. Those cars will hit roads in 2018. Navigant Research gave PSA an overall score of 65.3 out of a possible 100. 10. Hyundai Motor Group Hyundai concept cars (Rex) Hyundai has been deploying advanced driver assistance systems, like lane-keep assist, in vehicles like the 2016 Elantra. Hyundai plans to have a suite of self-driving features in production vehicles in 2020, but won't commit to full autonomy until 2030. At CES 2017, Hyundai showcased an autonomous prototype of its Ioniq electric car. Navigant Research gave Hyundai an overall score of 66.4 out of a possible 100. 9. Delphi Delphi, an auto electronics supplier, aims to release self-driving vehicles to the public in 2022. Delphi's autonomous Audi, pictured above, made a cross-country trip across the US in 2015. Delphi also signed a deal with Intel in November 2016, agreeing to buy its high-powered computer processors for self-driving systems. Intel recently acquired autonomous tech company Mobileye in a deal worth $15.3 billion. "Delphi is the highest ranking automotive supplier in this edition of the Leaderboard Report, having rapidly moved to the forefront of automated driving development over the past 3 years," Navigant wrote in its report. Navigant Research gave Delphi an overall score of 70.7 out of a possible 100. 8. Volvo Volvo said it plans to make its cars "deathproof" by 2020 by rolling out semi-autonomous features over time. The Swedish automaker is letting families test self-driving Volvos in Gothenburg, Sweden and London this year as part of its Drive Me program. Volvo will also conduct an "advanced autonomous driving experiment" in China, where 100 volunteers will be able to test driverless Volvo XC90s on public roads, but the automaker hasn't said when that trial will start. Volvo and Uber agreed to a $300 million alliance in August to develop autonomous vehicles, which are currently being tested in Arizona. Navigant Research gave Volvo an overall score of 73.4 out of a possible 100. 7. Waymo Since launching in 2009 as Google's self-driving-car project, Waymo's cars have driven over 2 million miles autonomously.  Waymo has partnered with Fiat Chrysler and there are reports that the two will launch a robot taxi service by the end of 2017. The company is also building all of its hardware in-house, allowing it to slash the price of its lidar system by 90%, Waymo says. Lidar is notoriously expensive and high-end systems can cost as much as $75,000 a pop. Waymo doesn't intend to build vehicles, but to provide its autonomous platform to other companies through partnerships. Navigant Research gave Waymo an overall score of 73.4 out of a possible 100. That's the same score as Volvo, but Waymo edged out Volvo in execution. 6. BMW BMW has released advanced driver assistance tech in its luxury vehicles, like the BMW 7-Series and 5-Series, pictured above. For example, its Driver Assistant Plus package offers lane-keep assist, parking assist, and traffic jam assist. BMW plans to release a fully driverless car in 2021 and has teamed up with Intel and Mobileye to do so. Navigant Research gave Waymo an overall score of 75.2 out of a possible 100. 5. Volkswagen Group That's right, we're on to the Top 5! Volkswagen Group has been developing autonomous systems ever since winning the DARPA grand challenge in 2006. Volkswagen's brand Audi was the first company to receive an autonomous driving permit in Nevada in 2012 and has also obtained one in California. In 2015, an Audi A7 drove 550 miles in autopilot mode from Silicon Valley to Las Vegas. Audi recently announced it was teaming up with NVIDIA to bring self-driving cars to market in 2020. Navigant Research gave Volkswagen Group an overall score of 75.9 out of a possible 100. 4. Daimler Daimler clinched fourth place for installing a suite of semi-autonomous features in brands like its Mercedes S-Class and E-Class cars. Additionally, a Mercedes big-rig truck made history in 2015 when it drove itself on a public highway in 2015. Daimler aims to have its driverless trucks road-ready in 2020. "Daimler is likely to continue as a leader in technology development; however, its position as a premium brand makes it inherently less accessible to mainstream audiences," Navigant wrote in its report. Navigant Research gave Daimler an overall score of 77.7 out of a possible 100. 3. Renault-Nissan Alliance The automaker has released ProPILOT, a self-driving feature that lets cars drive autonomously on highways, in its production vehicles in Japan. Renault-Nissan also plans to roll out ProPILOT in Europe, the US, and China as well. Its ultimate aim is to keep adding autonomous features to ProPILOT until it's cars are fully self-driving in 2020. Nissan is currently exploring using call centers so someone on standby can intervene if its self-driving car can't handle a certain driving scenario. Navigant Research gave Renault-Nissan an overall score of 82 out of a possible 100. 2. General Motors GM has made several, big investments in self-driving cars. The Detroit-based automaker invested $500 million in Lyft in January 2016 to create a network of ride-hailing, self-driving vehicles. GM also acquired self-driving-car startup Cruise Automation for $581 million in July 2016. GM CEO Mary Barra said in December that the company will start testing its self-driving Chevy Bolt electric cars in Michigan. The company is also testing its cars in San Francisco and Scottsdale, Arizona. Barra told Business Insider's Cadie Thompson that its first self-driving car for public use will be its all-electric Chevy Bolt. She also said GM is focused on testing its cars on different road conditions to ensure safety. "A lot of the conversation has been about, 'Oh, we have this many miles,' but it's not as much about the miles as it is about the experiences that the car learns," she told Business Insider. Navigant Research gave General Motors an overall score of 84.8 out of a possible 100. 1. Ford Lastly, that brings us to our leader: Ford. The Detroit-based automaker aims to roll out a fleet of driverless vehicles in a ride-hailing or -sharing service in 2021. Ford is trippling the size of its autonomous test fleet to 100 cars this year, which are currently being tested in Arizona, Michigan, and California. "What we have said is, we may not be the first, but when we do, it will be true to our brand, which means accessibility," Ford CEO Mark Fields told Business Insider in March 2016. "We want to make sure it's available to everyone, and not just folks who can afford luxury cars." Ford has been pursuing autonomous vehicles since it entered the DARPA Grand Challenge in 2005. Ford and Baidu invested $150 million in Velodyne, a lidar manufacturer, in 2016. In February, Ford invested $1 billion (to be spread out over 5 years) in Argo AI, a secretive artificial intelligence startup based in Pittsburgh, to aid its autonomous car efforts. Navigant Research gave Ford an overall score of 85 out of a possible 100. Read more: • 30 architectural masterpieces everyone should see in their lifetime • What people think of every country in the world, according to Google • Men reveal the biggest changes they made to be better at dating Read the original article on Business Insider UK. © 2016. Follow Business Insider UK on Twitter. More about: self driving cars Uber Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * IoT security * Internet of Secure Things * Icon Labs Floodgate security * More Tags... Industry News * Security * More Industries... News By Location * West Des Moines   Iowa   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News April 2017 We Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th 5 4 3 2 1 March 2017 31 30 Icon Labs Named as a Top 20 Fastest Growing IoT Company Icon Labs is a leading provider of embedded software for device security, device protection, and networking management, including the award-winning Floodgate Defender and Floodgate Securi     Insights Success picks Icon Labs as a Top 20 Fastest Growing IoT Company   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * IoT security * Internet of Secure Things * Icon Labs Floodgate security Industry: * Security Location: * West Des Moines - Iowa - US Subject: * AwardsWEST DES MOINES, Iowa - April 4, 2017 - PRLog -- Icon Labs Named as one of the Top 20 Fastest Growing IoT Companies Icon is the leader in securing the Internet of Things Icon Labs (www.iconlabs.com), a leading provider of security solutions for IoT and edge devices, today announced it was selected by Insights Success Magazine as one of the world's Top 20 Fastest Growing IoT Companies. Icon Labs is the leader in developing solutions to protect both IoT and Industrial IoT systems (IIoT) from cyber-attacks.  Over the last year, Icon Labs has established customers throughout the USA and Europe. The company partners with leading IoT and embedded systems manufacturers to provide security components. Partners include large international companies such as Intel, McAfee, WindRiver, Renesas, Verizon, Mentor Graphics, Infineon, Micrium, and NXP. According to Insights Success Magazine, "Icon Labs is focused on creating the Internet of Secure Things. They provide software toolkits and security solutions to enable embedded OEMs and IoT device manufacturers to build security into their device. The team at Icon Labs is uniquely focused on resource-limited IoT devices – devices that cannot run large, sophisticated security solutions requiring operating systems like Windows, Linux, IoS, etc. Their solutions support all major embedded OSes and RTOSes with security modules designed specifically for use in limited resource environments characteristic of the embedded marketspace. These solutions provide security building blocks for protecting the device itself rather than just relying on security at the perimeter." Here is a direct link to the news article posted on the Insights Success web site - http://www.insightssuccess.com/the-20-fastest-growing-iot... Icon Labs' products provide embedded security for IoT and Machine-to-Machine (M2M) solutions in aerospace, industrial, medical, and consumer electronics. The Floodgate Security Framework provides a "defense in depth" solution to protect control units and endpoint devices from cyber threats, aid in compliance with regulatory mandates and guidelines, and gather and report command, event, and device status for audit requirements. About Icon Laboratories, Inc. Icon Labs, a 2014 Gartner "Cool Vendor" and 2015 Gartner "Select Vendor," is a leading provider of embedded software for device security, device protection, and networking management, including the award-winning Floodgate Defender and Floodgate Security Framework. Founded in 1992, Icon Labs is headquartered in West Des Moines, Iowa. For more information, visit www.iconlabs.com, email info@iconlabs.com, or call 888-235-3443 or 515-226-3443. About Insights Success Insights Success is an arch that is sustaining Entrepreneurs quench regarding technology and business update that is currently ruling the business world. We are proving the best platform for the fastest growing companies, while creating meaningful learning experiences for the visitors and invaluable brand awareness for the clients. Contact: Icon Labs: Mark Shapiro Tel: 619-249-7742 Email: mshapiro@srs-techpr.com Contact Mark Shapiro SRS Tech PR ***@srs-techpr.com End Source : Icon Labs Email : ***@srs-techpr.com Tags : IoT security, Internet of Secure Things, Icon Labs Floodgate security Industry : Security Location : West Des Moines - Iowa - United States Subject : Awards Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse SRS Tech Media Relations News New CEL Article - Why you still really need a gateway in your IoT Design Icon Launches Complete Security Solution for IoT Manufacturers New CEL article explains IoT communications acronyms and terms Embedded World News - Hardware vs. Software security – What Works Best for IoT Devices? CEL Announces High Performance, Low Noise Microwave Components for Satellite Receivers and RF Commun Trending Marshall Barnes Returns Tonight On Ground Zero with Clyde Lewis On Secrets of Time Travel & More Icon Labs Named as a Top 20 Fastest Growing IoT Company Jeron Electronic Systems, Inc. Partners with Canada's Leading Integration Firm Forecast 1 Million Daily Drone Package Deliveries More Bass, Inc. Partners with Studio DMI to provide world class production, marketing and education services for artists and DJs Daily News CDI's 'Forty Nights' Releases Nationwide Today, Earns Four Nominations at Largest 'Faith' Festival - 364 views More Bass, Inc. Partners with Studio DMI to provide world class production, marketing and education services for artists and DJs - 360 views Louis Gomez joins the MaK Mortgage Team at Suburban Mortgage in Phoenix - 345 views Capital BPM Announces CapQ IBM BPM - Save 35% on QA - 254 views Polish Ambassador to US Visits with Hartford Polish Leaders - 233 views Weekly News Geokinetics Acquires 2D Seismic Data Utilizing its AquaVib™ Marine Vibrator - 2198 views Rundgren Radio Presenting Todd Rundgren in South Bend, Indiana on June 6 - 2161 views Xompass Partners with Entel, the Leading Telecommunications Company in Chile - 1400 views Legal Analyst and Former Basketball Wives Star Premieres "In The Loop" on Award-Winning Station - 1346 views United Premier Soccer League Announces Utah's Logan United FC as New Member for 2017 - 885 views Daily News CDI's 'Forty Nights' Releases Nationwide Today, Earns Four Nominations at Largest 'Faith' Festival - 364 views More Bass, Inc. Partners with Studio DMI to provide world class production, marketing and education services for artists and DJs - 360 views Louis Gomez joins the MaK Mortgage Team at Suburban Mortgage in Phoenix - 345 views Capital BPM Announces CapQ IBM BPM - Save 35% on QA - 254 views Polish Ambassador to US Visits with Hartford Polish Leaders - 233 views Weekly News Geokinetics Acquires 2D Seismic Data Utilizing its AquaVib™ Marine Vibrator - 2198 views Rundgren Radio Presenting Todd Rundgren in South Bend, Indiana on June 6 - 2161 views Xompass Partners with Entel, the Leading Telecommunications Company in Chile - 1400 views Legal Analyst and Former Basketball Wives Star Premieres "In The Loop" on Award-Winning Station - 1346 views United Premier Soccer League Announces Utah's Logan United FC as New Member for 2017 - 885 views PTC News Gene Simmons To Perform At The Trocadero June 2 In Conjunction With Wizard World Philadelphia - 475 views Lennar's Lighthouse Coming Soon to Newark - 338 views Garrett Chan Joins Lennar's Team at The San Francisco Shipyard as VP of Sales and Marketing - 301 views Guardians, Vampire Diaries Q&As, Creative Panels at Wizard World Comic Con St. Louis, April 7-9 - 203 views 'Doctor Who' Star Jenna Coleman Added To Wizard World Comic Con Minneapolis, May 6-7 - 159 views Apr 04, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska 6WIND Announces Secure Site-to-Site VPN Solutions for COTS Servers Leading Cloud-based Data Centers Use 6WIND IPsec VPN Software with Linux for Cost-effective Security and Performance News provided by 6WIND Apr 04, 2017, 11:00 ET Share this article SANTA CLARA, Calif., April 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- 6WIND, a high-performance networking software company, today announced its Secure Site-to-Site VPN solution for data center inter-connection. The solution is based on 6WIND Turbo IPsec™ software, a widely deployed product for high performance networking infrastructure with requirements of 10 Gbps and beyond. 6WIND Turbo IPsec provides IPsec VPNs on Commercial-off-the-Shelf (COTS) servers at less than 50% of legacy hardware system costs. 6WIND Turbo IPsec can be deployed bare metal or in a virtual machine with the same functionalities and performance, enabling a seamless transition to virtualization. IPsec VPN solutions are critical to create secure, high speed communication tunnels between trusted endpoints across the Internet. Since IP networks are inherently insecure, IPsec VPNs provide the encryption and authentication techniques required to maintain data confidentiality and integrity. However, network capacity growth requires scalable throughput, which was previously only possible through hardware IPsec VPN gateways that delivered performance at the expense of vendor lock-in and high costs. There is a market need for alternatives to avoid sacrificing security and performance while reducing costs and vendor lock-in. Leading cloud-based data centers are leveraging 6WIND Turbo IPsec software with standard Linux applications on COTS servers as an alternative to expensive big name system vendors. 6WIND's Secure Site-to-Site VPN solutions provide an alternative using software with the following benefits: High Performance IPsec: Linear scalability of performance by simply adding processing cores regardless of deployment configuration (bare metal or virtualized). 12 Gbps of encrypted IPsec traffic per core can scale a 10-core Intel server to more than 100 Gbps 7 Gbps per core when combining IPsec, virtual routing, filtering and IP tunneling features Traffic loads scale across 10, 40 and 100G connectivity Complete Security Feature Set & Resiliency: Combines virtual routing, IP tunneling, filtering and high availability to create the required security features to clearly separate trusted and untrusted networks with port and system level redundancy. Management and Monitoring: Provides industry-standard CLI and XML-based management, SNMP, and works seamlessly with management and monitoring tools that support Linux. Virtualization Readiness: Complete virtual appliance option with support for Linux KVM, VMware ESXi and Microsoft Hyper-V hypervisors with same software used on bare metal and the same performance. "At 6WIND, we provide high performance security software that allows standard servers to rival specialized hardware systems so that customers never have to sacrifice performance for cost," said Eric Carmès, CEO and Founder of 6WIND. "6WIND software is available today as a cost-effective alternative to expensive, specialized hardware for high performance site-to-site VPN solutions used to secure data center to data center data communications." Demonstration at Open Networking Summit, Santa Clara, April 4-6 We will demonstrate 6WIND's software for Secure Site-to-Site VPNs in addition to Mobile Infrastructure Security solutions at the ONS conference in booth #325. Additional Resources 6WIND Solution Brief for Secure Site-to-Site VPNs: http://www.6wind.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/Site-to-Site-VPN-solution-brief.pdf 6WIND Demo Video for Secure Site-to-Site VPNs: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NL387B6D-Og About 6WIND 6WIND's networking software solves performance and time-to-market challenges for OEMs and Network Builders. The company's packet processing software and software appliances are optimized for cost-effective hardware, such as Commercial-off-the-Shelf (COTS) servers, with a choice of multicore processors to deliver a wide variety of networking and security protocols and features. 6WIND is based near Paris, France with regional offices in China, South Korea and the United States. For more information, visit http://www.6wind.com. Company Contact: Kelly LeBlanc VP of Marketing for 6WIND Phone: +1 (408) 508-6732 kelly.leblanc@6wind.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/6wind-announces-secure-site-to-site-vpn-solutions-for-cots-servers-300434165.html SOURCE 6WIND Related Links http://www.6wind.com Mar 21, 2017, 20:00 ET Preview: 6WIND Announces Next Generation Security Gateway for Mobile Operators to Secure and Scale 4G and 5G Network Infrastructure My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 21, 2017, 20:00 ET6WIND Announces Next Generation Security Gateway for Mobile... Oct 20, 2016, 11:00 ET6WIND Virtual Accelerator Juju Charm Available for Rapid... Explore More news releases in similar topics High Tech Security Computer Electronics Computer Software Networks New Products & Services You just read: 6WIND Announces Secure Site-to-Site VPN Solutions for COTS Servers News provided by 6WIND Apr 04, 2017, 11:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Gorsuch's writings borrow from other authors Susan Rice becomes the target of conservative attacks over Flynn unmasking Syrian chemical attacks pose a tough test for Trump 2016 contenders carve out their place in Trump's Washington Trump faces test mixing Mar-a-Lago with difficult diplomacy For Trump, NAFTA Could Be the Next Obamacare Politico Morning Tech A daily download of technology news from Washington and Silicon Valley Get the Morning Tech Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Trump makes it official and signs broadband privacy CRA By Li Zhou 04/04/17 10:00 AM EDT With help from Ashley Gold and Nancy Scola TRUMP SIGNS PRIVACY CRA — Despite Democrats’ best efforts, including a last-ditch plea from Minority Leader Chuck Schumer last weekend, President Donald Trump ultimately signed the resolution rolling back the FCC’s broadband privacy rules on Monday, Ashley, Alex and Margaret report. “The rules, passed during the last days of the Obama administration, were set to go into effect later this year. They would have required internet service providers like Comcast and Verizon to get customers' permission before using or sharing their web browsing history and other sensitive data for advertising. The resolution was passed under the Congressional Review Act, which allows Congress to get rid of federal regulations — within a 60-day grace period after they're passed — with a simple majority vote. Using the CRA also prevents agencies from passing similar rules in the future.” Story Continued Below — FCC Chairman Ajit Pai reiterated his position that the FTC should be the “privacy cop back on the beat,” in a statement responding to Trump’s signing of the resolution. “The Federal Communications Commission will be working with the Federal Trade Commission to restore the FTC’s authority to police internet service providers’ privacy practices,” he said. “We need to put America’s most experienced and expert privacy cop back on the beat. And we need to end the uncertainty and confusion that was created in 2015 when the FCC intruded in this space.” — Reps. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.) and Raul Grijalva (D-Ariz.) have spearheaded a letter from more than thirty Democratic lawmakers imploring Pai to maintain net neutrality rules. “We urge you to abide by the law and retain Net Neutrality rules grounded in Title II of the Communications Act,” they write. “Under the current legal framework governing your agency, Title II is the best, most flexible, and indeed the only authority for protecting the open Internet.” Other signatories include Reps. Zoe Lofgren (Calif.), Ro Khanna (Calif.) and John Lewis (Ga.). QUALCOMM ASKS COURT TO TOSS FTC CASE -- Late last night, the chip maker filed a motion to dismiss the antitrust lawsuit that FTC brought against it in late January, a case that came in the very last days of both the Obama administration and then-Chairwoman Edith Ramirez's tenure. The company’s motion to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California largely echoes now-(acting) Chairman Maureen Ohlhausen's dissent in the case: that there's no real evidence or economic rationale to justify the suit, which alleges the company has been unfair in how it licenses its broadband processors -- particularly when it comes to Apple. Per Qualcomm EVP and General Counsel Don Rosenberg, "Qualcomm has moved to dismiss the FTC complaint, filed just days before the change in administrations, pointing out that the complaint fails to plead a plausible antitrust claim and offers no facts or economic theories supporting a claim of competitive harm.” Read the filing, here. NO SUCH THING AS A DELETED TWEET — The National Archives and Records Administration revealed that it has been told that White House officials are indeed saving deleted tweets that Trump has posted “in the course of his official duties,” bucking some concerns archivists have previously shared about losing the posts completely. In a letter to Sens. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.) and Tom Carper (D-Del.), NARA said it has advised the Trump administration to “capture and preserve all tweets that the president posts … including those that are subsequently deleted, as presidential records.” It is somewhat unclear, however, how these tweets are being saved and whether deleted tweets from Trump’s personal account would always be considered as posted “in the course of his official duties.” The White House did not immediately provide clarification. LATEST ON TRUMP TRAVEL BAN — A second federal appeals court indicated Tuesday that it will hear arguments next month on the legality of Trump's revised travel ban executive order, POLITICO’S Josh Gerstein reports. “The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals said in an order that an appeal of a Hawaii-based judge's order blocking key aspects of Trump's directive will go before a three-judge panel of the appeals court sometime in May.” GOOD TUESDAY MORNING and welcome to Morning Tech, where yesterday’s game really kept us guessing until the end. Send your tech, telecom and transition tips to lzhou@politico.com and @liszhou. As always, catch the rest of the team’s contact info after Quick Downloads. Pro Health Care Briefing: Drug Safety and the Trump FDA – Join the POLITICO Pro Health Care team and experts as they discuss: How will changes to the FDA drug approval process protect safety, promote efficacy, maximize appropriate prescribing, and pass on cost savings to patients and taxpayers? What are the challenges and possible benefits of relying on surrogate markers to determine drug effectiveness and side effects? How can real-world data inform changes in the FDA? Wednesday, 8 a.m., The Mayflower Hotel. RSVP here. TECHIES BEEF UP TAX LOBBYING — Several tech companies and organizations have recently added lobbyists to their ranks to work on tax reform, according to a series of filings. FitBit brought on Wiley Rein to address the customs and border protection tariff, while the National Venture Capital Association hired Capitol Tax Partners to work on tax reform, broadly. And Intel is working with Jahanian Strategies on the policy areas as well. A first quarter report from Oracle also reveals the company has been lobbying on tax policy and repatriation. Trump has shifted the focus of his administration into crafting a new tax plan as it struggles to recover from an embarrassing defeat on repealing Obamacare. ROSS OPENS DATA MEETING — Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross is set to give the opening remarks at a meeting of the National Technical Information Service this morning. They’ll examine how the federal government can better manage data. We’re tracking. SILICON VALLEY MUST-READS — — Sandberg launches new equal-pay campaign: Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg is commemorating Equal Pay Day with a new effort using the hashtag #20PercentCounts that calls attention to the fact that women still earn 20 percent less than men, on average, People reports. The initiative is partnering with businesses in 25 cities across the country. Partners include Lyft, which will all offer 20 percent discounts and special offers to draw attention to the issue. “This issue speaks to how we value women’s labor, knowledge, time, training and so much more. In short, it’s about women’s worth,” Sandberg said in a statement. — I solemnly swear?: After Verizon completes its acquisition of Yahoo and merges it with AOL, the combined company will be called Oath, Business Insider reports. Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer, who presided over the company during its high-profile data breaches, will not be involved in the new venture, and will leave once the merger is complete, Recode reports. — Uber’s self-driving car saga continues: Anthony Levandowski, the Otto-turned-Uber employee who’s at the center of the self-driving car patent lawsuit between Waymo and Uber, allegedly worked on competing self-driving projects while he was still employed by Alphabet, TechCrunch reports. The claims were lodged in an arbitration case that Alphabet brought against Levandowski. COMPUTER PROGRAMMERS FACE H-1B COMPLICATION — U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services has issued new guidelines that say “a computer programmer position does not qualify as an H-1B ‘specialty occupation’ without further evidence of the job’s complexity, Pro Labor’s Ted Hesson reports. The Trump administration has said companies should prioritize the hiring of American workers before using programs like H-1B visas to bring in talent from abroad. This policy directly affects the H-1B lottery process for fiscal year 2018, which began on Monday. — USCIS “will take a more targeted approach” to how it conducts on-site investigations of H-1B visa program violations, the agency also announced on Monday, Hesson writes. “The agency said it will focus on so-called ‘H-1B dependent’ employers, among others. A business with more than 50 employees is considered H-1B dependent if more than 15 percent of its workforce are H-1B workers. The threshold is higher for smaller businesses.” — Google sent an email to its employees letting them know that Googlers were not affected by the new guidance on computer programmers, Recode reports. "Wanted to quickly weigh in on behalf of the immigration team to let you all know that we're following this and for now, don't anticipate an impact to Googlers,” the email reads. “Our software engineering roles don't fall into the job categories included in the USCIS's [United States Citizenship and Immigration Services] new guidance. We'll continue to watch the H-1B visa space closely and keep Googlers updated on any changes they need to be aware of.” WELCOME TO THE #HOUSEOFCODE — The Congressional App Challenge will hold its #HouseOfCode celebration today, which will honor the student winners of the annual competition and feature remarks from lawmakers who’ve backed the challenge including Reps. Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.), Anna Eshoo (D-Calif.), Ed Royce (R-Calif.) and Seth Moulton (D-Mass.). “Students from 33 states submitted 650 original apps, covering an incredible range of topics and purposes; they created apps to give guidance during medical emergencies, sign-language translators, political news,” according to a release. The event will be held from 4:30-7:30 pm in the Rayburn Foyer and will feature app demos. ** A message from Samsung: At Samsung, we believe that the Internet of Things has the potential to accelerate solutions to some of our biggest challenges in healthcare, energy, infrastructure and the environment. But to reach IoT’s potential, we must help these technologies connect and scale into a force for transformation. Learn more about our vision for IoT. Samsung.com/VisionForTomorrow ** BSA LAUNCHES FOUNDATION — Tech industry group BSA | The Software Alliance is officially unveiling its foundation, Software.org, this afternoon. The research organization will be dedicated to informing policymakers on issues including STEM education. TRANSITIONS — Mitch Glazier, currently senior executive vice president of the Recording Industry Association of America, has been named president of the organization and will ascend to the role of chairman and CEO in January 2019. Cary Sherman, the RIAA’s chairman and CEO will retire from the organization at the end of 2018. … Greta Joynes, deputy chief of staff and legislative director for Rep. John Shimkus, is leaving for a role on the government relations team at Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck. Jordan Haverly will continue serving as the congressman’s communications director in addition to advising him on telecommunications, financial services and tax policy. … Mark Rosekind, former National Highway Traffic Safety Administrator, is the new chief safety innovation officer at self-driving car startup, Zoox, Pro Transportation’s Brianna Gurciullo reports. … Derek Kan, a former aide to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell who works at Lyft, is expected to be tapped by Trump as the Department of Transportation’s undersecretary for policy, Pro Transportation’s Lauren Gardner and POLITICO’s Nancy Cook report. AND THE AWARD GOES TO — The Consumer Technology Association honors Reps. Cathy McMorris Rodgers (R-Wash.), Suzan DelBene (D-Wash.), Eric Swalwell (D-Calif.) and Will Hurd (R-Tex.) with the Digital Patriot Award at the Smithsonian American Art Museum and National Portrait Gallery this evening. “Given the current post-election political climate, it’s important to stop, reflect and recognize the across-the-aisle efforts these members have made toward advancing innovation policy and the consumer technology industry,” Gary Shapiro, CTA president and CEO said in a statement. QUICK DOWNLOADS Google offers new tools for marketers to track ad placement: Following overwhelming backlash from advertisers upset that their commercials were being shown next to extremist content on platforms such as YouTube, Google is enabling companies to have greater insight into where their ads appear, The Wall Street Journal reports. Detroit’s self-driving advantage?: The Motor City’s powerhouse manufacturing roots could give it a leg up over the techies of Silicon Valley, Wired reports. Meanwhile, Tesla’s value surpasses Ford’s: At a market cap of $47 billion, Tesla has exceeded Ford’s $45 billion, following the electric vehicle company’s blockbuster first quarter delivering 25,000 vehicles, Recode reports. Tips, comments, suggestions? Send them along via email to our team: Alex Byers (abyers@politico.com, @byersalex), Eric Engleman (eengleman@politico.com, @ericengleman), Angela Greiling Keane (agreilingkeane@politico.com, @agreilingkeane), Nancy Scola (nscola@politico.com, @nancyscola), Margaret Harding McGill (mmcgill@politico.com, @margarethmcgill), Ashley Gold (agold@politico.com, @ashleyrgold) and Li Zhou (lzhou@politico.com, @liszhou) ** A message from Samsung: At Samsung, we believe that the Internet of Things has the potential to accelerate solutions to some of our biggest challenges in healthcare, energy, infrastructure and the environment. IoT is already delivering smarter homes, smarter offices, and increased efficiency. In the coming years, IoT will fuel smarter cities, smarter nations, and a smarter world. In both the IoT economy and downstream, these innovations will drive productivity, growth, and jobs. But to truly reach its potential, we must provide for these emerging IoT technologies to connect and scale into a force for transformation. Learn more about our vision for IoT. Samsung.com/VisionForTomorrow ** « View Archives Authors: Li Zhou lzhou@politico.com About The Author Li Zhou is a technology reporter for POLITICO Pro. She previously worked at The Atlantic as an editorial fellow, and has written for The Boston Globe and Smithsonian Magazine. She is originally from northern California and graduated from Harvard. You can usually find her eating munchkins in the Longworth Dunkin. Most Read Name of Trump admin hire surfaced in Ashley Madison hack McConnell bets the Senate on Gorsuch For Trump, NAFTA Could Be the Next Obamacare Trump faces test mixing Mar-a-Lago with difficult diplomacy Graham: Congress should look into Susan Rice reports Susan Rice becomes the target of conservative attacks over Flynn unmasking McConnell promises not to kill filibuster for legislation Democrats recruit veterans early for 2018 battle McCain calls White House policy on Syria 'disgraceful chapter' in U.S. history Trump’s Bad Deal With China Morning Tech - POLITICO Archive Tuesday, 4/4/17 Monday, 4/3/17 Friday, 3/31/17 Thursday, 3/30/17 Wednesday, 3/29/17 View the Full Morning Tech Archives » Politico Magazine How Congress Used to Work By Bruce Bartlett Trump’s Muslim Laptop Ban By Charles Kurzman Trump’s Bad Deal With China By Charles Edel and Mira Rapp-Hooper How Russia Became the Jihadists’ No. 1 Target By Colin P. Clarke More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 38 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM APR 5, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News APR 5, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 38 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Daimler, Bosch team up to make driverless cars By DAVID McHUGH The Associated Press First Published Apr 04 2017 09:15AM    •    Last Updated Apr 04 2017 09:18 am FILE- In this Feb. 2, 2017 file photo, the logo of Mercedes is photographed at the annual news conference at the company's headquarters in Stuttgart, Germany. Automaker Daimler AG and parts supplier Bosch Group say they are teaming up to make driverless cars that they say could be on city streets at the start of the next decade. The companies would combine expertise in car making, sensors and software so that people in a specific part of town could order a shared car through their smart phone. The driverless car would then come pick them up and take them where they want to go. The companies said Tuesday, April 4, 2017 the system would let people make better use of their time in cars and help those who do not have driver’s licenses. (AP Photo/Matthias Schrader,file) FILE- In this Feb. 2, 2017 file photo, the logo of Mercedes is photographed at the annual news conference at the company's headquarters in Stuttgart, Germany. Automaker Daimler AG and parts supplier Bosch Group say they are teaming up to make driverless cars that they say could be on city streets at the start of the next decade. The companies would combine expertise in car making, sensors and software so that people in a specific part of town could order a shared car through their smart phone. The driverless car would then come pick them up and take them where they want to go. The companies said Tuesday, April 4, 2017 the system would let people make better use of their time in cars and help those who do not have driver’s licenses. (AP Photo/Matthias Schrader,file) Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) Frankfurt, Germany • Automaker Daimler AG and industry supplier Bosch Group are teaming up to make driverless cars that they say could be on city streets at the start of the next decade. The companies would combine expertise in car making, sensors and software so that people in a specific part of town could order a shared car through their smart phone. The driverless car would pick them up and take them where they want to go. The companies said Tuesday the system would let people make better use of their time in cars and help those who do not have driver's licenses. VIDEOS TOP JOBS The auto industry and tech firms have been investing heavily in autonomous driving technology. Many basic elements of autonomous driving are already in use, such as driver assistance systems that can keep cars in freeway lanes or detect pedestrians ahead. But legal issues surrounding driver responsibility remain to be solved. Other automakers are also working on the concept. BMW, a top competitor for Daimler's Mercedes-Benz luxury cars, has teamed up with chip maker Intel and Mobileye, maker of driver-assistance systems. Together they plan to have 40 autonomous BMW vehicles on the road testing the technology this year, and BMW says it will introduce an autonomous vehicle called the iNEXT by 2021. Last month at the Geneva auto show, Volkswagen showed off an autonomous vehicle with no steering wheel and facing sofa-style seats. Alphabet's Waymo, the former Google autonomous car project, is testing autonomous vehicles on public roads in the United States with test drivers aboard. The two companies provided little additional detail about the project in their statement but were clear that they intended to come up with an automated system that is "ready for production." The news release said they were aiming for what is known as Level 5 automation — with sensors and software controlling the vehicle fulltime. Bosch, headquartered in the German town of Gerlingen, near Stuttgart, has some 390,000 employees in 120 countries. It is a leading auto industry supplier, making vehicle safety and driver assistance systems, sensor technology and software. "By introducing fully automated and driverless driving to the urban environment, Bosch and Daimler aim to improve the flow of traffic in cities, enhance safety on the road and provide an important building block for the way traffic will work in the future," the companies said in a statement.   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Sports on TV: Should the Mountain West Conference and BYU cut TV cord? Mormon leader Thomas S. Monson hospitalized, 'will hopefully be released soon' Utah Jazz pick up a win, and yet another injury, against the Trail Blazers SLC Council decries fence between homeless shelter and downtown mall Monson: Jazz showing playoff pluck and grit because ... they have to ELEVATE 2017’s top six tax questions answered   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Wednesday, April 05, 2017 10:02 AM Daily Newspaper published by GPPC Doha, Qatar. Login Sign up Sign Out MENU HOME Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall My News Home Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall MY NEWS Please sign in now. Email: Password: Confirmation Code: Activate account Resend confirmation code Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Sign up Please Sign up Now. Activate account Resend confirmation code play pause Mercedes, Bosch to develop self-driving taxis April 04 2017 04:59 PM International US/Latin America RELATED STORIES Uber grounds self-driving cars after accident Intel to buy Mobileye for $15bn in car tech push Dubai aims to launch hover-taxi by July Self-driving vehicle trials allowed on Singapore roads Google's Waymo adds 100 Chryslers to self-driving fleet Werner Struth talks about automotive technology during a Bosch news conference Text Size: A A A Reuters/Frankfurt * Deal aimed at accelerating production of ‘robo-taxis’ * Bosch and Mercedes to develop software and algorithms * Car and tech firms racing to secure slice of market * Pact acts as counterweight to new players like Uber Mercedes-Benz owner Daimler and supplier Robert Bosch are teaming up to develop self-driving cars in an alliance aimed at accelerating the production of ‘robo-taxis’. The pact between the world's largest maker of premium cars and the world's largest automotive supplier forms a powerful counterweight to new auto industry players like ride-hailing firms Uber and Didi which are also working on self-driving cars. Technology companies and carmakers are striving to adjust to a shifting landscape in the auto industry as consumers increasingly use smartphones to locate, hail and rent vehicles, rather than going out and buying cars. The alliance not only marks an end to Daimler's efforts to develop an autonomous car largely on its own, but moves the auto industry's ambitions beyond simply developing prototype vehicles towards industrial-scale production of self-driving cars. Financial terms were not disclosed of the deal between the two German companies, which was announced on Tuesday. Bosch - which was founded in 1886, the same year that Mercedes founder Carl Benz patented the motorcar - will develop software and algorithms needed for autonomous driving together with the carmaker. The deal will help the automotive supplier make ground in a competitive autonomous driving system sector where rivals Continental and Delphi ZF and others have also made heavy investments. For Daimler and its Mercedes division, teaming up with Bosch helps them throw more engineering resources at autonomous cars, allowing them to speed up the process of creating a production-ready system for autonomous cars by several years. The autonomous system will now be ready by the beginning of next decade, Daimler said, without disclosing when it had first envisaged the commercial launch of automated taxis, or robo-taxis. ‘The prime objective of the project is to achieve the production-ready development of a driving system which will allow cars to drive fully autonomously in the city,’ Daimler said in a statement on Tuesday. CAR COMES TO DRIVER The market for advanced driver assistance systems and autonomous vehicles is expected to grow from about $3 billion in 2015 to $96 billion in 2025 and $290 billion in 2035, Goldman Sachs said last year. Daimler is focusing its efforts on the app-based car-sharing and ride-hailing sector dominated by China's Didi, and US-based Uber and Lyft. Like autonomous cars, this market is a big global growth area and is expected to expand by 28 percent a year to 2030, according to consultancy McKinsey. ‘Within a specified area of town, customers will be able to order an automated shared car via their smartphone. The vehicle will then make its way autonomously to the user,’ Daimler said. ‘The idea behind it is that the vehicle should come to the driver rather than the other way round.’ The cutthroat competition to launch self-driven cars has forced carmakers to shift strategy from an evolutionary toward a revolutionary approach. Instead of evolving driver assistance systems to achieve full autonomy, carmakers are now experimenting with radical car designs combined with software-driven development - which has led to alliances with technology companies. Mercedes-Benz's arch rival BMW teamed up with Israeli autonomous vehicle tech company Mobileye and chip maker Intel last year to develop new technology that could put autonomous cars on the road by 2021. Intel has since agreed to buy Israeli autonomous vehicle technology firm Mobileye for $15.3 billion, a deal which followed Qualcomm's $47 billion move to acquire Dutch automotive chip supplier NXP. Before deciding to partner with Bosch, Mercedes-Benz had two engineering teams working on autonomous vehicles. One took an evolutionary approach, upgrading the capabilities of conventional vehicles, while the other team took a more radical approach to the car's design. ‘Cars which do not rely on any driver input have a different architecture and sensor setup, with more radar and cameras,’ Christoph von Hugo, a senior Mercedes-Benz safety manager, told Reuters at a recent event to present safety systems. NO STEERING WHEEL NEEDED The current Mercedes E-Class can cruise without driver input on highways, keeping the distance to the car in front and staying in lane using a system which has ‘level 2’ autonomy. Full autonomy - known as an ‘eyes off, brains off’ or ‘level 5’ system - does away with even the need for a steering wheel. ‘We don't want to wait until level 3 has arrived before we start with level 4/5. That will be too late,’ von Hugo said, adding that the prospect of new revenue streams from maintaining fleets of robo-taxis was a big motivating factor for doubling up the carmaker's R&D efforts. Autonomous vehicles came closer to road-going reality after Google unveiled a prototype car which it developed with the help of Bosch back in 2012. Mercedes-Benz responded by developing an S-class limousine that drove 103 km (64 miles) between the German towns of Mannheim and Pforzheim a year later. Real commercial applications for autonomous cars will start to take off between 2020 and 2025, Ola Kaellenius, Daimler board member and head of Group Research and Mercedes-Benz Cars development told Reuters last month. ‘If you take the robo-taxi, you start perhaps in a city or several cities or areas of cities, and then you grow from there,’ he said. ‘The key is to get to something that you can commercialise, scale up.’ The systems and hardware expertise provided by Bosch will help Mercedes-Benz make autonomous car technology which can be produced in large numbers. Bosch is already one of the world's largest suppliers of advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and recently announced an alliance with US tech firm Nvidia to develop a self-driving computer for production cars. Mercedes-Benz and auto supplier ZF also have separate alliances with Nvidia. The Bosch-Daimler alliance will rely on high-definition mapping systems provided by HERE, the digital mapping firm owned by BMW, Mercedes, Audi and Intel. 0 COMMENTS There are no comments. LEAVE A COMMENT Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked* Your Comment (must be logged in)* *You must register and complete fields Please you have to log in POST COMMENT MORE NEWS Billions at stake in Xi-Trump summit READ MORE London levy aims to cut ‘lethal’ pollution READ MORE Briton aims to cycle the world in 80 days READ MORE Govt dismisses China objection on Dalai Lama’s Arunachal visit READ MORE Honoured READ MORE Royals meet Pope READ MORE Heavy rains lash Hyderabad READ MORE India, Pakistan argue over Jinnah House in Mumbai READ MORE Countrywide strike READ MORE play pause Top News Four killed in suspected bomb blast in Pakistan 4/5/2017 9:52:45 AM Qatar, Sweden discuss new tie-ups in education 4/4/2017 11:43:43 PM Blair shines as Wakrah shock Rayyan 4/4/2017 10:34:22 PM Qatar University extends deadline for admission 4/4/2017 9:17:37 PM Registration opens for VCUQatar spring community education programme 4/4/2017 7:51:50 PM POPULAR LATEST Grand opening of Mall of Qatar on April 8 Qatar Apr 3, 2017 IndiGo to fly to Doha from Delhi, Mumbai Qatar Apr 3, 2017 Part of Wukair Temporary Street to be closed Qatar Apr 3, 2017 Qatar plans new gas project in North Field Qatar Apr 3, 2017 German tourist says she was raped in south India International Apr 3, 2017 Swine flu: Qataris urged not to travel to Sri Lanka Qatar Apr 4, 2017 Qatar 2022: QR1.4bn in opportunities loom for firms Qatar Apr 4, 2017 Qatar condemns gas attack in Syria’s Idlib province Qatar Apr 5, 2017 Spanish police raid Assad family’s assets Region Apr 4, 2017 Four killed in suspected bomb blast in Pakistan Pakistan Apr 5, 2017 QP highlights oil and gas operations, LNG production activities at ‘Gastech 2017’ Business Apr 4, 2017 Al-Attiyah extends lead as Sunderland top in bikes Sport Apr 4, 2017 “You run 10 miles in class so you only have to run two on stage” Culture Apr 4, 2017 Trump and Xi will be ‘odd couple’ at summit Opinion Apr 4, 2017 HAPPENING IN DOHAMore Qatar Motor Show 18/4/2017 Fitness training 6/4/2017 Revival of Qatar's musical heritage and Qatari Folk singing program 6/4/2017 Aspire Splash and Dash 5/4/2017 Picasso-Giacometti exhibition 5/4/2017 JR Répertoire exhibition 5/4/2017 Imperial Threads: Motifs and artisans from Turkey, Iran and India 5/4/2017 All Rights Reserved © Gulf Times.Browse GULF TIMES on any device Mobile, tablet or ipad FOLLOW US GULF TIMES SITE MAP Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds Spotlight Newswall My News Powered By Information About Us Contact Us Careers ADVERTISE IN GULF TIMES Newspaper Website SiteMap Site Content Usage
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in | Register Most commented stories • In the lab: AMD's Ryzen 5 1600X and Ryzen 5 1500X CPUs [96] • Apple will wind down its use of PowerVR IP in future SoCs [91] • Apple is working on a more modular and upgradeable Mac Pro [90] • Fractal Design's Fur E case reviewed [88] Hot forum threads • Andromeda • 1700 vs 1700X : minimal difference • Poll: Ryzen RAM amounts • Behind the Seams: Fur E Apple is working on a more modular and upgradeable Mac Pro by Jeff Kampman  8:59 AM on April 4, 2017 Apple's compact, cylindrical Mac Pro was a tour de force when it launched in 2013. That tiny system housed as many as 12 Ivy Bridge Xeon cores and a pair of AMD FirePro graphics cards powered by Tahiti or Pitcairn GPUs. Despite those beefy specs and compact dimensions, the Mac Pro ran quietly thanks to an innovative "thermal core" cooling design. The Mac Pro still does all of those things the exact same way, because Apple hasn't updated the machine in the almost four years that have since passed. In that time, Intel has announced two new generations of Xeons. Nvidia and AMD have both begun fabricating graphics cards on next-generation process technology. Mac power users have seen the company refresh most every other product in its lineup, and their murmurs of discontent have turned into a roar of protest with the arrival of every new MacBook Pro or iPad. Some dyed-in-the-wool Mac fans have even moved to custom-built Windows PCs in frustration. To quell this tsunami of discontent, Apple recently brought five journalists to its Cupertino campus to perform a mea culpa of sorts, John Gruber among them. The Daring Fireball writer reports that Apple is working on a "completely rethought" Mac Pro that will be less tightly integrated and more upgradeable in response to new hardware. The company is also working on a new lineup of high-end displays to accompany the Mac Pro.  None of that hardware will be arriving this year, however. Apple exec Phil Schiller told Gruber that the company needs more time to refine the Mac Pro and its pro displays than a 2017 release would have allowed for. To palliate Mac users who need more power now, the company is lowering the prices of its higher-end Mac Pro configurations in its current lineup. BuzzFeed News was also present at the event, and it says that the $2999 base model will now ship with a six-core Xeon CPU and dual AMD FirePro D500 GPUs alongside 16GB of memory. $3999 buys an eight-core Xeon and dual FirePro D700 cards. That's something, I suppose, but it doesn't do anything to soothe the fact that one would be spending enormous amounts of money on hardware that's well past its sell-by date. More immediate relief for Apple power users might come in the form of the iMac. Gruber reports that Apple is readying a new version of its evergreen all-in-one for release this year, including versions that are specifically tailored to the needs of pro use. The company didn't share any further details of those machines at its round-table event. The next Mac Pro probably won't retain the compact and cylindrical design of today's system. Apple told Gruber that the thermal design of the 2013 Pro was well-suited to handling a pair of graphics cards, but a card with a large single GPU wouldn't have been happy in that enclosure. The rethought Mac Pro will purportedly be better-suited to today's more thermally-dense hardware. Whatever Apple has in the works, it can't arrive soon enough. Tags: Mac Log in | Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF A moment of Zen with David Kanter: The TR Podcast 190 13 Radeon Pro Settings joins forces with VMware vCenter 4 Radeon 17.4.1 drivers engage spacewarp 7 Asus 27" Zen AiO offers sleek simplicity 25 Tell a Lie Day Shortbread 38 Rumor: Radeon RX 500-series cards could launch next week 35 Apple is working on a more modular and upgradeable Mac Pro 90 Asus readies a salvo of ROG peripherals and networking gear 28 Aqua Computers kryoM.2 coolers keep your SSDs chilly 8 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS weaktoss recent process nodes have become unmoored And Jeff claims he's "not that funny"! +57 designerfx How does this case perform with furmark? +48 chuckula That's great, but to be frank I found their logic to be a bit dense. +43 drfish I'm not sure how that is relevant to this remew. +37 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
Research Buy News & Reviews Ownership Videos Store CLOSE Delete Read Unread Autoblog Alerts You don't have any subscriptions. Look for the around the site to subscribe to the topics of your choice. Autoblog Alerts Want to get notified as soon as we write about the topics you're interested in? Click here to sign in and then look for the around the site to subscribe to those topics. Autoblog Alerts Thanks for subscribing to Autoblog Alerts! As content is published, we'll send it right to you. If you ever need to make changes, you can manage your alerts by clicking MANAGE below. Fetching your alerts. Please wait... Manage Mark All Read Research Buy News/Reviews Ownership Video Store Our Apps Podcast Help Research Research Hub Models & Styles Car Buying Guides Car Finder Compare Cars Best Deals Dealer Directory Car Loans Research Tools Buy Buy Hub Cars for Sale Calculators Certified Pre-Owned Book Values Rebates & Incentives News/Reviews News/Reviews Hub Autoblog Reviews Owner Reviews Auto Shows Photos Racing Calendar News by Make News by Category Press Releases News Archive Ownership Ownership Hub Recalls Safety Repair & Maintenance Repair Shops Gas Prices Sell Your Vehicle Insurance Insurance Quotes Video Videos Hub Translogic The List Car Club USA Autoblog Details Autoblog Wrenched Short Cuts Autoblog Minute Store Store Front Car Care Oils & Fluids Performance Tools More Parts & Accessories Our Apps Autoblog 360 Autoblog iPhone Autoblog Apple TV Autoblog VR Podcast On iTunes Archives Help Sitemap About Us Widgets Tip Us Feedback Licensing About Ads Advertise With Us Trademarks Mercedes-AMG GLC63 models pack no less than 469 horsepower Watch 4,000-horsepower Corvette take flight in 200 mph wheelie The 2018 Buick Regal is now a hatchback and a wagon VW skimps on power for Americans in the 2018 GTI and Golf R Hennessey's 1,000-horsepower Camaro Exorcist is ready for the Demon Dyson drops solid-state battery patents + Specs & Reviews Cars for Sale Specs & Reviews Select a Make Select a Model Go Specs & Reviews Cars For Sale Select a Make Select a Model Go or Select a Style Convertible Coupe Crossover Hatchback Hybrid Luxury Minivan Sedan SUV Performance Truck Van Wagon New Used Certified Pre-Owned CPO Select a Make Select a Model Go Specs / Reviews For Sale This page is for personal, non-commercial use. You may order presentation ready copies to distribute to your colleagues, customers, or clients, by visiting http://www.autobloglicensing.com Breaking Breaking Apr 4th 2017 at 9:18AM Subscribe Mercedes, Bosch join forces to build self-driving cars in 5 years Alliance marks end of Daimler's attempt to go it alone. facebook twitter google+ email reddit linkedin pinterest License License Reuters FRANKFURT, Germany (Reuters) - Mercedes-Benz parent Daimler and supplier Robert Bosch are teaming to develop self-driving cars within five years, in an alliance primarily aimed at accelerating the production of "robo-taxis." The pact between the world's largest maker of premium cars and the world's largest automotive supplier forms a powerful counterweight to new auto industry players like ride-hailing firms Uber and Didi, which are also working on self-driving cars. Tech companies and carmakers are preparing for a new way of doing business in the auto industry as customers use smartphones to locate, hail and rent vehicles, rather than going out and buying a car. The alliance, which marks an end to Daimler's efforts to develop an autonomous car largely on its own, is the latest example of a car and technology firm teaming up to secure a slice of this market, which is expected to grow explosively over the next two decades. Financial terms were not disclosed of the deal between the two German companies, which was announced on Tuesday. Bosch, which was founded in 1886, the same year that Mercedes founder Carl Benz patented the motorcar, will develop software and algorithms needed for autonomous driving together with the Stuttgart-based carmaker. Teaming with Bosch helps Mercedes throw more engineering resources at autonomous cars, allowing it to bring forward the date for having a production-ready system for autonomous cars by several years. The autonomous system will now be ready by the beginning of next decade, Daimler said, without disclosing when it had first envisaged the commercial launch of robo-taxis. "The prime objective of the project is to achieve the production-ready development of a driving system which will allow cars to drive fully autonomously in the city," Daimler said in a statement on Tuesday. The German carmaker has set its sights on the smartphone-based ride-hailing market which is currently dominated by China's Didi, and U.S.-based Uber and Lyft. Last year, Goldman Sachs projected the market for advanced driver assistance systems and autonomous vehicles would grow from about $3 billion in 2015 to $96 billion in 2025 and $290 billion in 2035. "Within a specified area of town, customers will be able to order an automated shared car via their smartphone. The vehicle will then make its way autonomously to the user," Daimler said. "The idea behind it is that the vehicle should come to the driver rather than the other way round." EYES OFF, BRAIN OFF The cutthroat competition to launch self-driven cars has forced carmakers to change pace. They are shifting from a strategy of evolving their existing driver assistance systems to reach full autonomy to a more radical approach based on new car designs combined with software-driven development - which has led to alliances with technology companies. Mercedes-Benz's arch rival BMW teamed up with Israeli autonomous vehicle tech company Mobileye and chip maker Intel last year to develop new technology that could put autonomous cars on the road by 2021. Intel has since agreed to buy Israeli autonomous vehicle technology firm Mobileye for $15.3 billion, a deal which followed Qualcomm's $47 billion deal to acquire Dutch automotive chip supplier NXP. Bosch is already one of the world's largest suppliers of advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and recently announced an alliance with U.S. tech firm Nvidia to develop a self-driving computer for production cars. Mercedes-Benz and auto supplier ZF also have separate alliances with Nvidia. Before deciding to partner with Bosch, Mercedes-Benz had two engineering teams working on autonomous vehicles. One took an evolutionary approach, upgrading the capabilities of conventional vehicles, while the other team took a more radical approach to the car's design. "Cars which do not rely on any driver input have a different architecture and sensor setup, with more radar and cameras," Christoph von Hugo, a senior Mercedes-Benz safety manager, told Reuters at a recent event to present safety systems. The current Mercedes E-Class can cruise without driver input on highways, keeping the distance to the car in front and staying in lane using a system which has "level 2" autonomy. Full autonomy - known as an "eyes off, brains off" or "level 5" system - does away with even the need for a steering wheel. "We don't want to wait until level 3 has arrived before we start with level 4/5. That will be too late," von Hugo said, adding that the prospect of new revenue streams from maintaining fleets of robo-taxis was a big motivating factor for doubling up the carmaker's R&D efforts. Autonomous vehicles came closer to road-going reality after Google unveiled a prototype car which it developed with the help of Bosch back in 2012. Mercedes-Benz responded by developing an S-class limousine that drove 103 km (64 miles) between the German towns of Mannheim and Pforzheim a year later. Real commercial applications for autonomous cars will start to take off between 2020 and 2025, Ola Kaellenius, Daimler board member and head of Group Research and Mercedes-Benz Cars development told Reuters last month. "If you take the robo-taxi, you start perhaps in a city or several cities or areas of cities, and then you grow from there," he said. "The key is to get to something that you can commercialize, scale up." Reporting by Edward Taylor Related Video: Create alerts for any tag below Subscribe Etc. Plants/Manufacturing Mercedes-Benz Emerging Technologies Technology Autonomous autonomous bosch mercedes robert bosch self-driving car facebook twitter google+ email reddit linkedin pinterest License License Mercedes Information New Models Reviews News Recalls For Sale Values Rebates & Incentives Dealers Photos Videos Company News More Info Trending The best cars we drove in 2016 These cars will still be cool in 2027 New Car Buying Guides Biggest automotive sales disappointments Fastest-depreciating cars in the United States Find and compare 2017 Models These cars will still be cool in 2027 New Car Buying Guides Biggest automotive sales disappointments Fastest-depreciating cars in the United States Find and compare 2017 Models Follow Us Tech News Dyson drops solid-state battery patents Waymo targets second executive over Uber self-driving secrets Mercedes, Bosch join forces to build self-driving cars in 5 years View more From Our Partners You May Like Links by Zergnet Shop Books The Devil's Mercedes: The Bizarre and Disturbing Adventures of Hitler's Limousine in America Driven to Delight: Delivering World-Class Customer Experience the Mercedes-Benz Way (Business Books) Mercedes Benz Diesel Automotive Repair Manual: 123 Series, 1976 thru 1985 (Haynes Repair Manual) Mercedes-Benz E-Class - Diesel W210 & W211 Series Workshop Manual 2000-2006 Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Parts & Accessories Bosch 26A ICON Wiper Blade - 26" (Pack of 1) Rain-X RX30215 Weatherbeater Wiper Blade - 15-Inches - (Pack of 1) Michelin 8526 Stealth Ultra Windshield Wiper Blade with Smart Technology, 26" (Pack of 1) Bosch 22B ICON Wiper Blade - 22" (Pack of 1) Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Shop Merchandise EDEALYN Luxury car interior PU leather car cover seat Front Car Seat Cover For Honda&Toyota &Merc... Mercedes-Benz Remote Key Battery Keyless Entry Genuine Original 0000388 (2pcs) Hand Made Leather Rope Weaving Keychain Car Key Pendant for Mercedes-Benz Seat Belt Shoulder Pads Strap Harness Covers Cushions (Pair / Set) For Mercedes Benz Cars Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Shop Movies 2017 Mercedes-Benz E300 4Matic Mercedes Bike The Ultimate Off-Road Luxury Car: Bentley Bentayga vs Mercedes-Benz G Wagon - TFL Reviews AMG Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Videos Hennessey's 1,000-horsepower Camaro Exorcist is ready for the DemonWatch Video World's biggest tunnel machine Bertha emerges from beneath SeattleWatch Video Part Boat Part Bus, HafenCity RiverBus | Autolbog MinuteWatch Video The first successful front flip in a monster truck was a most excellent accidentWatch Video Leaked Video of the New Ford Bronco | Autoblog MinuteWatch Video Otium Softrack | Autoblog MinuteWatch Video A marijuana distributor is sponsoring a Formula Drift carWatch Video Lyft's Mono wearable helps (April) fools hitch a rideWatch Video Fire collapses portion of I-85 in AtlantaWatch Video Watch cop let chief off for doing 92 mph: 'Take care, buddy'Watch Video × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Select one or more topics to subscribe to: Etc. Etc. Plants/Manufacturing Plants/Manufacturing Mercedes-Benz Mercedes-Benz Emerging Technologies Emerging Technologies Technology Technology Autonomous Autonomous autonomous autonomous bosch bosch mercedes mercedes robert bosch robert bosch self-driving car self-driving car Select one or more of the following methods to receive alerts: Email Instant Daily Weekly This email address will be used for all of your alerts. On Site Text This phone number will be used for all of your alerts. Msg&Data rates may apply. Manage Clear × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Thanks! Your alerts preferences have been saved. Manage Close × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Verify Phone Number You must verify your phone number in order to begin receiving text alerts. We will send a verification code shortly to your phone via text. Enter it below and click "Verify". Didn't receive a code? Resend it Verify Cancel Help Sitemap About Us Widgets Contact Tip Us Feedback Licensing Our Apps Autoblog 360 Autoblog iPhone Autoblog Apple TV Autoblog VR Podcasts On iTunes Archives Advertising About Ads Advertise With Us Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy Trademarks Autoblog Transmission TOS © Copyright 2017 AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved × Login Please login using one of the following services: Share This Photo X Facebook Twitter Google+ Email Reddit Linkedin Pinterest X Login Please select an option before voting. Okay
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Mercedes Joins Forces With Bosch to Develop Self-Driving Taxis ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Mercedes Joins Forces With Bosch to Develop Self-Driving Taxis Published April 04, 2017 Auto Reuters Facebook Twitter Comments Print Factory workers inspect cars on the assembly line at Daimler's Mercedes factory in Kecskemet, Hungary, April 29, 2016. (REUTERS) FRANKFURT –  Mercedes-Benz parent Daimler and supplier Robert Bosch are teaming up to develop self-driving cars in an alliance primarily aimed at accelerating the production of "robo-taxis." Continue Reading Below The pact between the world's largest maker of premium cars and the world's largest automotive supplier forms a powerful counterweight to new auto industry players like ride-hailing firms Uber and Didi which are also working on self-driving cars. Tech companies and carmakers are preparing for a new way of doing business in the auto industry as customers use smartphones to locate, hail and rent vehicles, rather than going out and buying a car. The alliance, which marks an end to Daimler's efforts to develop an autonomous car largely on its own, is the latest example of a car and technology firm teaming up to secure a slice of this market which is expected to grow explosively over the next two decades. Financial terms were not disclosed of the deal between the two German companies, which was announced on Tuesday. Bosch, which was founded in 1886, the same year that Mercedes founder Carl Benz patented the motorcar, will develop software and algorithms needed for autonomous driving together with the Stuttgart-based carmaker. Teaming up with Bosch helps Mercedes throw more engineering resources at autonomous cars, allowing it to bring forward the date for having a production-ready system for autonomous cars by several years. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT More from FOX Business Ivy League Colleges Collecting More Than $41 Billion in Taxpayer Money, Report Says MLB Trades Pepsi for Coca-Cola as Soda Sponsor Bed, Bath and Beyond the Truth? Retailer Says Ivanka Trump Line Still Available Tesla Tops Ford in Market Cap After Best-Ever Sales Quarter Tax Cuts Will Boost U.S. Steel: Marlin Steel CEO The autonomous system will now be ready by the beginning of next decade, Daimler said, without disclosing when it had first envisaged the commercial launch of robo-taxis. "The prime objective of the project is to achieve the production-ready development of a driving system which will allow cars to drive fully autonomously in the city," Daimler said in a statement on Tuesday. The German carmaker has set its sights on the smartphone-based ride-hailing market which is currently dominated by China's Didi, and U.S.-based Uber and Lyft. Last year, Goldman Sachs projected the market for advanced driver assistance systems and autonomous vehicles would grow from about $3 billion in 2015 to $96 billion in 2025 and $290 billion in 2035. "Within a specified area of town, customers will be able to order an automated shared car via their smartphone. The vehicle will then make its way autonomously to the user," Daimler said. "The idea behind it is that the vehicle should come to the driver rather than the other way round." EYES OFF, BRAIN OFF The cutthroat competition to launch self-driven cars has forced carmakers to change pace. They are shifting from a strategy of evolving their existing driver assistance systems to reach full autonomy to a more radical approach based on new car designs combined with software-driven development - which has led to alliances with technology companies. Mercedes-Benz's arch rival BMW teamed up with Israeli autonomous vehicle tech company Mobileye and chip maker Intel last year to develop new technology that could put autonomous cars on the road by 2021. Intel has since agreed to buy Israeli autonomous vehicle technology firm Mobileye for $15.3 billion, a deal which followed Qualcomm's $47 billion deal to acquire Dutch automotive chip supplier NXP. Bosch is already one of the world's largest suppliers of advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and recently announced an alliance with U.S. tech firm Nvidia to develop a self-driving computer for production cars. Mercedes-Benz and auto supplier ZF also have separate alliances with Nvidia. Before deciding to partner with Bosch, Mercedes-Benz had two engineering teams working on autonomous vehicles. One took an evolutionary approach, upgrading the capabilities of conventional vehicles, while the other team took a more radical approach to the car's design. "Cars which do not rely on any driver input have a different architecture and sensor setup, with more radar and cameras," Christoph von Hugo, a senior Mercedes-Benz safety manager, told Reuters at a recent event to present safety systems. The current Mercedes E-Class can cruise without driver input on highways, keeping the distance to the car in front and staying in lane using a system which has "level 2" autonomy. Full autonomy - known as an "eyes off, brains off" or "level 5" system - does away with even the need for a steering wheel. "We don't want to wait until level 3 has arrived before we start with level 4/5. That will be too late," von Hugo said, adding that the prospect of new revenue streams from maintaining fleets of robo-taxis was a big motivating factor for doubling up the carmaker's R&D efforts. Autonomous vehicles came closer to road-going reality after Google unveiled a prototype car which it developed with the help of Bosch back in 2012. Mercedes-Benz responded by developing an S-class limousine that drove 103 km (64 miles) between the German towns of Mannheim and Pforzheim a year later. Real commercial applications for autonomous cars will start to take off between 2020 and 2025, Ola Kaellenius, Daimler board member and head of Group Research and Mercedes-Benz Cars development told Reuters last month. "If you take the robo-taxi, you start perhaps in a city or several cities or areas of cities, and then you grow from there," he said. "The key is to get to something that you can commercialize, scale up." What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Mercedes joins forces with Bosch to develop self-driving taxis By Reuters Published: 09:46 EDT, 4 April 2017 | Updated: 15:16 EDT, 4 April 2017 e-mail By Edward Taylor FRANKFURT, April 4 (Reuters) - Mercedes-Benz owner Daimler and supplier Robert Bosch are teaming up to develop self-driving cars in an alliance aimed at accelerating the production of "robo-taxis". The pact between the world's largest maker of premium cars and the world's largest automotive supplier forms a powerful counterweight to new auto industry players like ride-hailing firms Uber and Didi which are also working on self-driving cars. Technology companies and carmakers are striving to adjust to a shifting landscape in the auto industry as consumers increasingly use smartphones to locate, hail and rent vehicles, rather than going out and buying cars. The alliance not only marks an end to Daimler's efforts to develop an autonomous car largely on its own, but moves the auto industry's ambitions beyond simply developing prototype vehicles towards industrial-scale production of self-driving cars. Financial terms were not disclosed of the deal between the two German companies, which was announced on Tuesday. Bosch - which was founded in 1886, the same year that Mercedes founder Carl Benz patented the motorcar - will develop software and algorithms needed for autonomous driving together with the carmaker. Bosch said Mercedes would be able to use the jointly developed system for two years before it could be offered to competitors. The deal will help the automotive supplier make up ground in a competitive autonomous driving system sector where rivals Continental, Delphi, ZF and others have also made heavy investments. For Daimler and its Mercedes division, teaming up with Bosch helps them throw more engineering resources at autonomous cars, allowing them to speed up the process of creating a production-ready system for autonomous cars by several years. The autonomous system will now be ready by the beginning of next decade, Daimler said, without disclosing when it had first envisaged the commercial launch of automated taxis, or robo-taxis. "The prime objective of the project is to achieve the production-ready development of a driving system which will allow cars to drive fully autonomously in the city," Daimler said in a statement on Tuesday. The company will continue to build and sell vehicles that can be manually operated by individual drivers. CAR COMES TO DRIVER The market for advanced driver assistance systems and autonomous vehicles is expected to grow from about $3 billion in 2015 to $96 billion in 2025 and $290 billion in 2035, Goldman Sachs said last year. Daimler is focusing its efforts on the app-based car-sharing and ride-hailing sector dominated by China's Didi, and U.S.-based Uber and Lyft. Like autonomous cars, this market is a big global growth area and is expected to expand by 28 percent a year to 2030, according to consultancy McKinsey. "Within a specified area of town, customers will be able to order an automated shared car via their smartphone. The vehicle will then make its way autonomously to the user," Daimler said. "The idea behind it is that the vehicle should come to the driver rather than the other way round." The cutthroat competition to launch self-driven cars has forced carmakers to shift strategy from an evolutionary towards a revolutionary approach. Instead of evolving driver assistance systems to achieve full autonomy, carmakers are now experimenting with radical car designs combined with software-driven development - which has led to alliances with technology companies. Mercedes-Benz's arch rival BMW teamed up with Israeli autonomous vehicle tech company Mobileye and chip maker Intel last year to develop new technology that could put autonomous cars on the road by 2021. Intel has since agreed to buy Mobileye for $15.3 billion, a deal which followed Qualcomm's $47 billion move to acquire Dutch automotive chip supplier NXP. Before deciding to partner with Bosch, Mercedes-Benz had two engineering teams, totalling about 500 people, working on autonomous vehicles. One took an evolutionary approach, upgrading the capabilities of conventional vehicles, while the other team took a more radical approach to the car's design. Bosch and Mercedes did not disclose how many additional engineers they would assign to the teams in Stuttgart and Silicon Valley. "Cars which do not rely on any driver input have a different architecture and sensor setup, with more radar and cameras," Christoph von Hugo, a senior Mercedes-Benz safety manager, told Reuters at a recent event to present safety systems. NO STEERING WHEEL NEEDED The current Mercedes E-Class can cruise without driver input on highways, keeping the distance to the car in front and staying in lane using a system which has "level 2" autonomy. Full autonomy - known as an "eyes off, brains off" or "level 5" system - does away with even the need for a steering wheel. "We don't want to wait until level 3 has arrived before we start with level 4/5. That will be too late," von Hugo said, adding the prospect of new revenue streams from maintaining fleets of robo-taxis was a big motivating factor for doubling up the carmaker's R&amp;D efforts. Autonomous vehicles came closer to road-going reality after Google unveiled a prototype car which it developed with the help of Bosch back in 2012. Mercedes-Benz responded by developing an S-class limousine that drove 103 km (64 miles) between the German towns of Mannheim and Pforzheim a year later. Real commercial applications for autonomous cars will start to take off between 2020 and 2025, Ola Kaellenius, Daimler board member and head of Group Research and Mercedes-Benz Cars development told Reuters last month. "If you take the robo-taxi, you start perhaps in a city or several cities or areas of cities, and then you grow from there," he said. "The key is to get to something that you can commercialise, scale up." Bosch is already one of the world's largest suppliers of advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and recently announced an alliance with U.S. tech firm Nvidia to develop a self-driving computer for production cars. Mercedes-Benz and auto supplier ZF also have separate alliances with Nvidia. The Bosch-Daimler alliance will rely on high-definition mapping systems provided by HERE, the digital mapping firm owned by BMW, Mercedes, Audi and Intel. (Editing by Pravin Char and Mark Potter) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS EXCLUSIVE: British aristocrat Lady Victoria Hervey fears Mel B's husband secretly taped her having a wild drunken threesome with the couple at their home  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kourtney Kardashian shows off her perky derriere in tiny bikini bottoms while on holiday with ex Scott Disick and their kids  Put it there pal! Chris Evans awkwardly shakes hands with ex-girlfriend Jenny Slate at Gifted premiere following 'pretty hard' break-up Cheers to me! Bella Hadid sips from champagne glass while strutting around in tiny bikini on holiday in Mexico  In Cabo San Luca Sheena Easton looks healthy and happy as she tears up the stage on the opening night of 42nd Street... three years after she was pictured in a wheelchair Trouble before paradise? Marnie Simpson  has a blazing row with love rat ex Lewis Bloor... moments before they head on holiday together Still super at 51: Cindy Crawford parades her model figure in snakeskin bikini on St. Barths vacation with husband Rande Gerber Runway superstar Best supportive wife! Braless Jennifer Aniston wears skintight leather dress to premiere of Justin Theroux's The Leftovers Never looked better Viewers slam Susanna Reid's new budget cookery show for focusing on a middle-class family who spend £170 a WEEK on their weekly food shop She's got her confidence back! Lauren Goodger shows off her assets in sizzling selfie... after hiding her body under a sheet amid pregnancy speculation PICTURED: Emmerdale's Ashley Thomas is surrounded by family for his  final moments... as his last words to wife Laurel are revealed Michelle Keegan puts romantic pursuits on hold as she models for glamorous new fashion campaign during Parisian break with Mark Wright Sir Ian McKellen reveals he turned down chance to play Dumbledore after death of Richard Harris... because he knew actor 'didn't approve' of him  Morgan Freeman wraps his paralysed hand in a compression glove at 42nd Street opening night... nine years on from car crash  Pregnant Binky Felstead flaunts her burgeoning bump in a figure-hugging pink dress on her tropical babymoon Holidaying in Portugal Body of a beach boy! Ryan Phillippe, 42, flaunts his toned physique at the seaside as he partakes in photo shoot  Never seems to age Mel B claims 'monster' husband 'got the nanny PREGNANT, forced her to have threesomes and threatened to release SEX TAPES' as she gets restraining order 'No regard for the violent history of indigenous people': Brooklyn Beckham accused of 'disrespect' over 'meaningless' Native American tattoo 'She ended police brutality with a can': Twitter users BLAST new Pepsi commercial featuring Kendall Jenner for exploiting Black Lives Matter movement 'Talks are going in the right direction': Daniel Craig is 'poised to return' as James Bond... after producers claimed Tom Hiddleston is 'too smug' to play 007 'Came to the conclusion that I suffer depression': Bella Thorne makes candid admission on Twitter... but receives harsh reaction from some fans 'Look who I spotted on a date night!': Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx captured on camera by fellow diner following years of secret romance rumors A red dress for the red carpet! Duchess of Cambridge stuns in a crimson Marchesa gown at the opening night of a Broadway musical in London's West End EXCLUSIVE 'He said she was tired, flabby and old': Josie Gibson hit by claims her new beau Sam Player 'has a SECRET GIRLFRIEND'  Shocking claims MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned curves in a tiny black bikini as she soaks up the sun on blissful beach break in the Maldives Looking good  SPOILER ALERT: TOWIE's Gemma Collins breaks down in tears as she visits a fertility specialist... after revealing she wants to freeze her eggs  Heating up Miami! Dakota Johnson looks sensational in black bikini with nude accents as she frolics with her pals on the beach Having a ball Sensational in Spain! Eva Longoria stuns in plunging powder blue evening gown as she attends the Global Gift Gala in Madrid Typically stunning 'She looks beautiful in my collection': Victoria Beckham announces actress Nicole Kidman will model for her new fashion label with behind the scenes snap Chloe Khan puts on an incredibly eye-popping display in TINY embellished bra and thong as she shows off her curves in raunchy Instagram post Bake Off fans rage over 'random' new host Angus Deayton on Creme De La Creme... as viewers send Twitter into a frenzy over 'boob-shaped desserts' Charlize Theron oozes glamour in a strapless white gown as she cosies up to Vin Diesel at The Fate of the Furious premiere in Berlin   'So cool Frida came to visit me': Madonna shares sweet photo of daughter, four, rocking rose garland The 58-year-old shared a shot on Instagram  Her workouts are paying off! Kate Hudson flaunts rock hard body in colorful bikini as she enjoys the water while on vacation in Hawaii Hard to miss 'How do you like them (pine)apples Ashley James flashes a hint of side-boob in a revealing fruit-embellished swimsuit in sunny Madrid 'She's one of the hardest-working stars in the business': Rita Ora 'earned a whopping £3million in ONE year'... despite not releasing any music First look: Heath Ledger is shown in never-seen-before footage during trailer for new documentary... nearly 10 years after his shock death 'I needed to be ready': Matt Lucas admits joining Doctor Who was 'emotional thing' as his late partner Kevin McGee had been a 'huge fan' Sam Faiers shares sweet selfie with newborn nephew Arthur... as sister Billie posts picture of daughter Nelly kissing her baby brother Mama's in skinny jeans! June Shannon steps out with Honey Boo Boo as she finally reveals her new weight is 'in the 160s' and size five pants are 'too big' Pearl Mackie cuts a chic figure in billowing palazzo pants as she joins Peter Capaldi at Doctor Who photocall Seemed in great spirits on the night Amanda Bynes spends her 31st birthday with life coach as she quietly moves on from troubled times It was a rare sighting of the fashion student 'Bikini season!' Disgraced former NFL star Johnny Manziel's fiancée Bre Tiesi shows off fab figure as she models swimwear for social media followers Lala Kent shows off booty-ful figure in revealing swimsuit...after breaking down when Katie Maloney apologized for calling her a 'whore' Khloe Kardashian 'sent pal Cheryl a lavish £5,000 Harrods gift hamper' to congratulate her and Liam Payne on the birth of their first child Glowing Georgia May Foote is dwarfed by her hunky boyfriend George Alsford as she leads the glamour in floral Bardot dress at the opening night of 42nd Street Jessica Cunningham goes hell for leather in red biker jacket and skin-tight trousers while out in London  She rose to fame on The Apprentice UK Gaz Beadle's girlfriend Emma McVey shows off her incredible abs in a crop top as the duo coordinate in black ensembles for date night in Sydney Bikini-clad Zara Holland showcases her curves as she models her latest swimwear range in tropical Barbados Beach Angels collection  Lady in red! Supermodel Miranda Kerr dazzles in chic retro-style dress at Wonderbra event in South Korea Stunning Kourtney Kardashian looks thrilled to visit Jurassic World set in Hawaii with her kids... but ex Scott Disick doesn't seem as happy with the trip Busty Imogen Thomas is every inch the hot mama in plunging sexy swimsuit while larking around poolside with daughters Ariana and Siera on Miami holiday Italian millionaire Gianluca Vacchi parties with a bevy of beauties as he hits the beach with bikini-clad model wife Giorgia Gabriele eyonce drops new music video for Die With You on wedding anniversary with Blue Ivy kissing her baby bump Family montage Victoria's Secret model Leomie Anderson flaunts her slender legs in a delicate pink frock slashed to the thigh as she attends the  BFC Vogue bash Rocco Richie enjoys a day out with girlfriend Kim Turnbull as they set about exploring New York City Out and about in the Big Apple Naomi Watts beams in New York as she clutches her smartphone after getting revenge on a sneaky fan on the subway Birthday girl Paris Jackson indulges in McDonald's takeout and receives serenade from Fergie Consumed French fries and a McFlurry shake Make-up free Amber Rose dons skinny jeans to indulge in donuts with son Sebastian The 33-year-old presenter stepped out with her four-year-old Pregnant Danielle Bux covers up as she steps out with ex-husband and new roommate Gary Lineker... as she is expecting a baby with her new boyfriend 'Absolutely ludicrous!' Lisa Riley lays into pregnant Danielle Bux for moving in with ex-husband Gary Lineker during visit to London Bizarre choice This chorus line throwback is another winner: QUENTIN LETTS says you know you are in for a good night from the opening note of 42nd Street 'I'm 40 and I feel the fittest I've ever felt!': RHOC's Leanne Brown shows off age-defying physique as she launches sizzling activewear collection Davina McCall, 49, shows off her rippling abs in post workout snap... as she struggles to get back into exercise regime Still fighting fit  'The whole family are looking forward to it': Paul Weller, 58, is expecting his third child with wife Hannah Andrews, 31, and EIGHTH in total Social Network star Jesse Eisenberg and long-term partner Anna Strout 'welcome first child' Has been with Anna for 14 years David Beckham shows off his buff physique in designer gym gear after working up a sweat at SoulCycle in LA Gruelling workout at SoulCycle in LA 'Oh s***!": Sugar Bear is shocked when he sees his ex Mama June's new size 4 body in a teaser from the finale of From Not To Hot 'We start shooting this fall': Sigourney Weaver, 67, lets slip sequel to the 2009 smash hit Avatar is under way and the script is 'amazing' Great news Shia LaBeouf's military thriller Man Down sells just one ticket at UK box office Man Down grossed just £7 over the premiere weekend Michelle Keegan goes casual glam in figure-hugging jeans to go arm-in-arm with husband Mark Wright in Paris as the couple celebrate second anniversary Chloe Sevigny suffers wardrobe malfunction as wind gust blows up her short skirt exposing her underwear As she made her way down Fifth Avenue 'There's no more tutu!' Internet star Sophia Grace unveils transformation ahead of 14th birthday... as she states she's 'too old' for princess outfits Girls star Jemima Kirke pens heart-wrenching memorial to her younger brother who died last year just shy of his 20th birthday Poignant  EXCLUSIVE 'I date men now, not boys': Tallia Storm on how her 'puppy love' romance with Brooklyn Beckham left her 'heartbroken' Teens secretly dated Bounce, bounce, bouncing into New Zealand! Iggy Azalea dons leopard ears in new selfie as she promote her lsatest single Bikini-clad Demi Rose shows off her impossibly voluptuous curves as she strips off AGAIN... after ex-beau Tyga 'splits' from Kylie Jenner 'Jay was feeling it': Kristin Cavallari reveals hubby Cutler green-lit THAT bare-cheeks Instagram photo Pictured taring out to sea in the nude Lena Dunham undergoes her fifth surgery for painful endometriosis and reveals she is now disease free Searingly honest Happiest place on earth! OITNB newlyweds Samira Wiley and Lauren Morelli take on Disneyland before heading off on honeymoon Viva Las Vegas! Leona Lewis rings in birthday with Channing Tatum and pals during getaway to Sin City Turning 32 with her showbiz pals EXCLUSIVE 'I'd love them to see how hard we've worked': Frankie Bridge says she's 'sad' young sons didn't see her perform or husband Wayne play football 'It's weird!': Melanie Griffith, 59, confesses Kris Jenner, 61, is trying to set her up on dates because she's too 'shy' to find her own boyfriend Both single 'I was sick all over her': Phil Schofield relives horrific experience with Going Live co-star Sarah Greene on TV as fans call for Gordon's return Jamie Reed's new girlfriend Jade Lewis joins TOWIE as she films scenes with his ex Amber Turner and Yazmin... following angry confrontation  Nigella's big comeback: After two years of silence the domestic goddess proves she's back to her best as she unveils her new cookbook So what's he got that Jeremy hasn't?Star's bikini-clad ex wife enjoys the surf with very handsome mystery man... as Clarkson steps out with new love Bring it on! Wonder Woman director Patty Jenkins says she is 'excited' about a potential Batgirl film A new female-focused franchise? 'She likes it': Justin Theroux says wife Jennifer Aniston approves of his new poster for The Leftovers where a woman caresses his bare chest Don't mess with Naomi Watts! Actress gets revenge on fan who took sneaky picture of her on Subway in the best way possible  Snapping back Stacey Solomon confesses Joe Swash 'isn't the best boyfriend I've ever had'... but says she 'definitely wants more children' in the future He's been a bad Boy! Boy George CRASHES the stage at Cyndi Lauper and Blondie's co-headlining gig in Sydney as the pop icons embrace the surprise The morning after: Alec and Hilaria Baldwin dress down with son Rafael out in NYC... one day after glam red carpet appearance Stepping out Mary Berry opens up her wedding album as she reveals her wedding dress cost just £5, she baked her OWN wedding cake and endured a rainy honeymoon '9 years already?': Tina Knowles wishes her daughter Beyonce and Jay Z a happy wedding anniversary with sweet Instagram message TOWIE's Amber Dowding flashes her peachy derriere in chic black swimsuit as she shares VERY cheeky video on Instagram Controversial newbie No wedding date yet! The Bachelor's Nick Viall is 'taking things slow' with fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi... one month after popping the question Pregnant Tamsin Egerton sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a chic navy dress as she enjoys a romantic stroll with boyfriend Josh Hartnett Furry nice! Hilary Duff bundles up as she arrives on the Younger set in NYC before changing into sexy outfit  Shot new scenes  Fighting for his kids' future! Jerry O'Connell supports equal pay day with an adorable photo of his twin daughters Used his super cute eight-year-old twins Make-up free Daisy Lowe shares busty workout selfie... after revealing she's more body confident than ever thanks to Strictly Come Dancing Keith Richards reveals the late Chuck Berry once 'walloped' him in the eye after he played his guitar without permission Rolling with the punches 'My dad never gave me a cent': Scott Eastwood insists acting legend father Clint made him 'work for everything'... as he poses for smouldering new shoot Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick steps out in style as she flaunts her post-baby body in figure-flaunting denims while enjoying a stroll with her dog Maria Menounos prowls through airport in black catsuit with fiancé Keven Undergaro after Wrestlemania trip Heading back to Los Angeles Lisa Marie Presley's estranged husband, Michael Lockwood, steps out with their twin daughters to visit local flea market as couple is locked in bitter divorce Four generations: Eva Amurri poses with her children, mother Susan Sarandon and grandmother Lenora in cute family snap Lovely  Pip meets pop royalty: National sweetheart Kylie Minogue accepts prestigious Britain-Australia Award from the Duke of Edinburgh in Windsor Chip off the old block! Shane Warne takes a morning stroll with lookalike teenage son Jackson, 17, by his side Spent some quality time together 'It's an honour to be joining such an iconic show': Melanie Sykes announced as the voiceover for Blind Date reboot... with Paul O'Grady as host 'Bernie's looking down on me': Linda Nolan, 58, will discover what stage her tumour is at in days... as she vows to 'not let incurable breast cancer take her' Emmerdale viewers set for further heartbreak as Laurel, Gabby and Arthur fight back their tears at Ashley Thomas' emotional funeral Sold! Lisa Kudrow 'offloads gorgeous Utah ski retreat for $3.6 million' Two floor, four bedroom condo is officially off the market  Hands on dad! Patrick Dempsey spends the evening with his children after flying back from Germany Joined by his three children  Have you been applying your make-up all wrong? Gwyneth Paltrow's make-up artist's guide to creating an everyday look Newly-enhanced Jemma Lucy displays bandage-bound cleavage as she emerges in midst of vulgar war of words with ex Stephen Bear Bikini babe Kate Hudson gives a glimpse of her toned figure in vibrant pink two-piece and chic green kimono as she soaks up the sun in Hawaii 'When the gym finally pays off': Olivia Buckland proudly flaunts her toned derriere as she poses in a skimpy thong for sizzling snap Charlotte Crosby is leggy in a daring slogan T-shirt dress for gorgeous shoot outside Camden tattoo shop The star is a fan of a tattoo or two  EXCLUSIVE: Mischa gets new restraining orders against her two exes now accusing each other of trying to shop sex tape featuring the actress for $1 million Melanie Griffith reveals she felt 'stuck' in her marriage to Antonio Banderas... as she admits she was 'hurt' by comments about her botched plastic surgery Charlotte Crosby flaunts her toned figure in a grey bikini as she joins shirtless Stephen Bear on romantic break in the Dominican Republic Water baby! Paige Butcher gives daughter Izzy a swimming lesson as they join Eddie Murphy's family in Hawaii  Quality time 'This is a dream come true': James Corden set to bring The Late Late Show to the UK for three special episodes Heading to his homeland this summer Main squeeze: Lucy Hale is held tight by boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta as they stroll around chilly Montreal On a break from filming her new TV pilot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Honeywell Launches New Industrial Cyber Security Solution To Enable Secure Use Of USB Devices - Secure Media Exchange (SMX) provides a simple, safe way for industrial plants to use USB-removable media and manage USB ports- Helps protect industry and critical infrastructure from USB-borne threats HOUSTON, April 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Honeywell (NYSE: HON) Process Solutions (HPS) today announced a new solution for industrial sites as they balance productivity and cyber security demands. Honeywell's new Secure Media Exchange (SMX) protects facilities against current and emerging USB-borne threats, without the need for complex procedures or restrictions that impact operations or industrial personnel. Experience the interactive Multimedia News Release here: https://www.multivu.com/players/English/8074451-honeywell-secure-media-exchange-solution/ Malware spread through USB devices – used by employees and contractors to patch, update and exchange data with onsite control and computer systems – is a key risk for industrial control systems. It was the second leading threat to these systems in 2016, according to BSI publications, and uncontrolled USBs have taken power plants offline, downed turbine control workstations, and caused raw sewage floods, among other industrial accidents. "Industrial operators often have hundreds or thousands of employees and dozens of contractors on site every day," said Eric Knapp, Cyber Security chief engineer, HPS. "Many, if not most, of those rely on USB-removable media to get their jobs done. Plants need solutions that let people work efficiently, but also don't compromise cyber security and, with it, industrial safety." Currently, many plants either ban USBs, which is difficult to enforce and significantly reduces productivity, or rely on traditional IT malware scanning solutions, which are difficult to maintain in an industrial control facility and provide limited protection. These solutions fail to protect process control networks against the latest threats, and offer no means to address targeted or zero-day attacks. "SMX is a great example of Honeywell's major investments in new industrial cyber security technologies, products, services, and research which further strengthen our ability to secure and protect industrial assets, operations and people," said Jeff Zindel, vice president and general manager, Honeywell Industrial Cyber Security. "With the continued increase in cyber threats around the world, Honeywell's industrial cyber security expertise and innovation are needed more than ever for smart industry, IIoT and critical infrastructure protection." Honeywell's SMX was developed by the company's cyber security experts based on field experience across global industrial sites and feedback from Honeywell User Group customers. Honeywell has one of the largest industrial cyber security research capabilities in the process industry, including an advanced cyber security lab near Atlanta. Honeywell also partners with cyber security leaders, including Microsoft, Intel Security and Palo Alto Networks, among others, to develop new, highly-effective industrial threat detection techniques. Honeywell's SMX provides hassle-free, multi-layered protection for managing USB security, letting users simply plug in and check devices for approved use in the facility. Contractors "check-in" their USB drive by plugging it into an SMX Intelligence Gateway. The ruggedized industrial device analyzes files using a variety of techniques included with Honeywell's Advanced Threat Intelligence Exchange (ATIX), a secure, hybrid-cloud threat analysis service. SMX Client Software installed on plant Windows devices provides another layer of protection, controlling which USB devices are allowed to connect, preventing unverified USB removable media drives from being mounted, and stopping unverified files from being accessed. SMX also logs USB device connectivity and file access, providing a valuable audit capability. "For most plants, the proliferation of removable media and USB devices is unavoidable, but the security risks they bring don't have to be," said Knapp. "We know our customers have limited resources to maintain another system, so Honeywell manages SMX for them. SMX never connects to our customers' process control networks. From a system administration perspective, it's like it's not even there." Managed and maintained directly by Honeywell, SMX provides the easy and secure solution to USB security in industrial plants. It helps prevent the spread of malware through removable media; stops unverified files being read by Windows hosts; and, through the private ATIX connection, provides continually updated threat information and advanced analytics to help detect advanced, targeted, and zero-day malware. Honeywell is the leading provider of industrial cyber security solutions that protect the availability, safety and reliability of industrial facilities and help securely deploy Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) technologies. Honeywell's complete portfolio includes cyber security technology solutions such as Honeywell Cyber Security Risk Manager, the first solution to proactively monitor, measure and manage industrial cyber security risks; managed industrial cyber security services; and professional cyber security field services. The portfolio leverages the company's industry-leading expertise and experience in process control. For more information about Honeywell's solutions for industrial cyber security, visit www.becybersecure.com. Honeywell Process Solutions (www.honeywellprocess.com) is a pioneer in automation control, instrumentation and services for the oil and gas; refining; pulp and paper; industrial power generation; chemicals and petrochemicals; biofuels; life sciences; and metals, minerals and mining industries. It is also a leader in providing software solutions and instrumentation that help manufacturers find value and competitive advantage in digital transformation through the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT). Process Solutions is part of Honeywell's Performance Materials and Technologies strategic business group, which also includes Honeywell UOP (www.uop.com), a leading international supplier and licensor of process technology, catalysts, adsorbents, equipment, and consulting services to the petroleum refining, petrochemical, and gas processing industries. Honeywell (www.honeywell.com) is a Fortune 100 software-industrial company that delivers industry specific solutions that include aerospace and automotive products and services; control technologies for buildings, homes, and industry; and performance materials globally.  Our technologies help everything from aircraft, cars, homes and buildings, manufacturing plants, supply chains, and workers become more connected to make our world smarter, safer, and more sustainable.  For more news and information on Honeywell, please visit www.honeywell.com/newsroom. Contacts: Media Don Empie +1 832 252 3619 donald.empie@honeywell.com             SOURCE Honeywell Process Solutions CategoriesUncategorized TagsBroadcast Feed Announcement, Computer/ Electronics, High Tech Security, Networks, New Products/Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Automotive Ultra capacitor Market to Record Sturdy Growth Next PostNext Global Calcium Formate Market From 2017 to 2022 by Market Overview, Market Dynamics (Market Opportunities, Market Risk, Market Driving Force) and Market Share Search Recent Posts Worldwide Mobile Backhaul Equipment Market by 2020- Regions, Growth, Drivers, Challenges, Trend, Forecast, Types, Applications Worldwide Commercial Aircraft MRO Market by 2020- Regions, Growth, Drivers, Challenges, Trend, Forecast, Types, Applications GOL Announces Investor Update GOL Anuncia Atualização ao Investidor Global Streaming Media Device Market 2016-2020 CAGR 17.45% – Leading Companies (Microsoft,Amazon,Google,Sony), Trend, Drivers, Challenges, & Forecast Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Global Telemedicine Market Trends, Size, Share, Statistics, Strategy, Segmentation Analysis and Forecast to 2022 global telemedicine market has been evaluated as rapidly growing market and expected that the market will reach high growth figures Philips Healthcare (The Netherlands), Medtronic plc (Ireland) SnapMD (U.S.), AMD Telemedicine Technologies (U.S.)” — Market Research Future PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, April 4, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Market Highlights: The global telemedicine market has been evaluated as rapidly growing market and expected that the market will reach high growth figures. The technique will overcome the barrier of distance in healthcare by providing clinical healthcare by telecommunication and information technology. It also enables effective communication between medical staff and patients and simplifies the transmission of vital health and other medical information for particular patient. Some of the key drivers for Global Telemedicine Market includes increasing population, shortage of physicians in rural areas, increasing prevalence of chronic disease and also the rising cost and need for instant services in healthcare. Some of the current trend in global telemedicine market includes rising number of virtual medical centers and emergence of remote clinical enterprises .On the other hand, lack of skilled labor and professional in remote areas and also lack of consumer knowledge about new technologies and its uses are some of the key drivers restraining the market growth. Test the market data and market information presented through more than 50 market data tables and figures spread over 85 numbers of pages of the project report. Avail the in-depth table of content TOC & market synopsis on “Global Telemedicine Market Research Report –Global Forecast to 2022”. Major Key players: • Philips Healthcare (The Netherlands) • Medtronic plc (Ireland) SnapMD (U.S.) • AMD Telemedicine Technologies (U.S.) • GE Healthcare (U.K.) • Neosoft (China) • Philips Healthcare (Netherland) • McKesson Corporation (US) • Intel (US), IBM (US) • GE Healthcare (UK) • Bosch Healthcare. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2216 Intended Audience: • Global Telemedicine Software Manufacturers & Suppliers • Contract Research Organizations (Cros) • Research And Development (R&D) Companies • Government Research Laboratories • Independent Research Laboratories • Government And Independent Regulatory Authorities • Market Research And Consulting Service Providers • Academic Institutes And Universities Segments: The Global Telemedicine Market is segmented on the basis of type of telemedicine, and application. Based on type, the market is segmented into store and forward, remote monitoring and real time interactive services. Further on the basis of application the market is classified into telecardiology, telepsychiatry, teleradiology, telepathology, teledermatology, teleaudiology, teleopthalmology and others. Market Analysis: The market is classified and analyzed on the basis of various segments including geographies, which consist of; Americas, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East and Africa Out of all, Americas accounts for the largest share in the market. Global telemedicine market is also segmented on the basis of type of services as store and forward, remote monitoring and real time interactive, and their application in medical and healthcare industry. Remote monitoring commands the largest market share of global telemedicine market in 2015. Application of telemedicine in cardiology is expected to command the largest share of telemedicine market, by application during the forecast period. The report for Global Telemedicine Market by Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with the detail analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain a deeper insight of the market and industry performance. Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/telemedicine-market-2216 The report gives a clear picture of current market scenario which includes past and estimated future market size with respect to value and volume, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides detail information about and strategies used by top key players in the industry. The report also gives a broad study of the different market segments and regions. Table of Contents 1 Introduction 1.1 Definition 1.2 Scope Of Study 1.2.1 Research Objective 1.2.2 Assumptions & Limitations 1.2.2.1 Assumptions 1.2.2.2 Limitations 1.3 Market Structure: 2 Research Methodology 2.1 Research Process: 2.2 Primary Research 2.3 Secondary Research: 3 Market Dynamics 3.1 Drivers 3.2 Restraints 3.3 Opportunities 3.4 Macroeconomic Indicators Continued… List of Tables Table 1 Global Telemedicines Market, By Type, 2013-2022 (Usd Million) Table 2 Global Telemedicines Market, By Application, (Usd Million) Table 3 Global Telemedicines Market By Region 2013-2022 (Usd Million) List of Figures Figure 1 Research Process Figure 2 Porters Five Forces Model Figure 3 Global Telemedicines Market, By Type Figure 4 Global Telemedicines Market, By Application Figure 5 Global Telemedicines Market, By Region Figure 6 Global Telemedicines Market: Company Analysis, 2015 (%) About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. Akash Anand Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Digimarc Highlights How Watermarking Can Improve Rights and Royalty Management for the Music Industry Next PostNext The ERP Group, LLC Joins Beyond Software’s Partner Program Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Global Telemedicine Market Trends, Size, Share, Statistics, Strategy, Segmentation Analysis and Forecast to 2022 global telemedicine market has been evaluated as rapidly growing market and expected that the market will reach high growth figures Philips Healthcare (The Netherlands), Medtronic plc (Ireland) SnapMD (U.S.), AMD Telemedicine Technologies (U.S.)” — Market Research Future PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, April 4, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Market Highlights: The global telemedicine market has been evaluated as rapidly growing market and expected that the market will reach high growth figures. The technique will overcome the barrier of distance in healthcare by providing clinical healthcare by telecommunication and information technology. It also enables effective communication between medical staff and patients and simplifies the transmission of vital health and other medical information for particular patient. Some of the key drivers for Global Telemedicine Market includes increasing population, shortage of physicians in rural areas, increasing prevalence of chronic disease and also the rising cost and need for instant services in healthcare. Some of the current trend in global telemedicine market includes rising number of virtual medical centers and emergence of remote clinical enterprises .On the other hand, lack of skilled labor and professional in remote areas and also lack of consumer knowledge about new technologies and its uses are some of the key drivers restraining the market growth. Test the market data and market information presented through more than 50 market data tables and figures spread over 85 numbers of pages of the project report. Avail the in-depth table of content TOC & market synopsis on “Global Telemedicine Market Research Report –Global Forecast to 2022”. Major Key players: • Philips Healthcare (The Netherlands) • Medtronic plc (Ireland) SnapMD (U.S.) • AMD Telemedicine Technologies (U.S.) • GE Healthcare (U.K.) • Neosoft (China) • Philips Healthcare (Netherland) • McKesson Corporation (US) • Intel (US), IBM (US) • GE Healthcare (UK) • Bosch Healthcare. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2216 Intended Audience: • Global Telemedicine Software Manufacturers & Suppliers • Contract Research Organizations (Cros) • Research And Development (R&D) Companies • Government Research Laboratories • Independent Research Laboratories • Government And Independent Regulatory Authorities • Market Research And Consulting Service Providers • Academic Institutes And Universities Segments: The Global Telemedicine Market is segmented on the basis of type of telemedicine, and application. Based on type, the market is segmented into store and forward, remote monitoring and real time interactive services. Further on the basis of application the market is classified into telecardiology, telepsychiatry, teleradiology, telepathology, teledermatology, teleaudiology, teleopthalmology and others. Market Analysis: The market is classified and analyzed on the basis of various segments including geographies, which consist of; Americas, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East and Africa Out of all, Americas accounts for the largest share in the market. Global telemedicine market is also segmented on the basis of type of services as store and forward, remote monitoring and real time interactive, and their application in medical and healthcare industry. Remote monitoring commands the largest market share of global telemedicine market in 2015. Application of telemedicine in cardiology is expected to command the largest share of telemedicine market, by application during the forecast period. The report for Global Telemedicine Market by Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with the detail analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain a deeper insight of the market and industry performance. Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/telemedicine-market-2216 The report gives a clear picture of current market scenario which includes past and estimated future market size with respect to value and volume, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides detail information about and strategies used by top key players in the industry. The report also gives a broad study of the different market segments and regions. Table of Contents 1 Introduction 1.1 Definition 1.2 Scope Of Study 1.2.1 Research Objective 1.2.2 Assumptions & Limitations 1.2.2.1 Assumptions 1.2.2.2 Limitations 1.3 Market Structure: 2 Research Methodology 2.1 Research Process: 2.2 Primary Research 2.3 Secondary Research: 3 Market Dynamics 3.1 Drivers 3.2 Restraints 3.3 Opportunities 3.4 Macroeconomic Indicators Continued… List of Tables Table 1 Global Telemedicines Market, By Type, 2013-2022 (Usd Million) Table 2 Global Telemedicines Market, By Application, (Usd Million) Table 3 Global Telemedicines Market By Region 2013-2022 (Usd Million) List of Figures Figure 1 Research Process Figure 2 Porters Five Forces Model Figure 3 Global Telemedicines Market, By Type Figure 4 Global Telemedicines Market, By Application Figure 5 Global Telemedicines Market, By Region Figure 6 Global Telemedicines Market: Company Analysis, 2015 (%) About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. Akash Anand Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Digimarc Highlights How Watermarking Can Improve Rights and Royalty Management for the Music Industry Next PostNext The ERP Group, LLC Joins Beyond Software’s Partner Program Search Recent Posts BOPP Packaging Tapes Market Global Trends, Analysis and Forecast 2027 BOPP Packaging Tapes Market Global Trends, Analysis and Forecast 2027 BOPP Packaging Tapes Market Global Trends, Analysis and Forecast 2027 BOPP Packaging Tapes Market Global Trends, Analysis and Forecast 2027 Security Screening Equipment Market to Undertake Strapping Growth Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Mirror Image Executive Jim Hart Named to Irish Technology Leadership Group’s ‘Silicon Valley Top 50’ for 2017 TEWKSBURY, Mass.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Mirror Image®, the leading provider of content delivery, streaming media and edge computing solutions, announced that Jim Hart, Global Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Mirror Image, has been named to the Irish Technology Leadership Group’s “Silicon Valley Top 50” list for the second consecutive year. The ITLG compiles the list annually to identify the top 50 Irish and Irish American leaders shaping technology in the world today. Mr. Hart received his recognition at the March 16th, 2017 Silicon Valley Global Awards at Stanford University from presenters Craig Barrett, former CEO and Chairman of Intel, and John Hartnett, CEO at SVG Partners and Founder of the ITLG. Frances Fitzgerald, Deputy Prime Minister of Ireland, provided the ministerial greeting and Shane Wall, Chief Technology Officer at Hewlett Packard, provided the evening’s keynote address. “I’m honored by this recognition and very excited to be able to present emerging technologies into the Irish marketplace as well as other key international markets around the globe,” said Hart, who has been with Mirror Image since 2001. “On a personal note and as a proud Irish American, it’s been a true highlight being able to successfully develop key partnerships with many of the leading broadcasters and media organizations throughout Ireland.” Former United States Ambassador to Ireland Michael J. Sullivan said, “Jim represents some of the finest qualities that Irish America has to offer and I find it appropriate to see him playing a leading role in the technology collaboration between the United States and Ireland.” ITLG’s Hartnett added, “Jim remains a steadfast technology leader as he continues to introduce the latest streaming media technologies to organizations all throughout Ireland. It’s a well-deserved honor to recognize him as part of this year’s Silicon Valley Top 50.” About Mirror Image Mirror Image, one of the original Content Delivery Network providers in the industry, has pioneered the Dynamic Delivery Network (DDN) which includes live and on-demand video and audio streaming solutions, content delivery capabilities for object caching and file downloads, intelligent Edge Computing capabilities, and optimized delivery to an extensive range of desktops and mobile devices. Mirror Image was founded in 1997 and is a U.S.-based company incorporated in Delaware, headquartered in Tewksbury, MA. For additional information, please visit www.mirror-image.com or call +1 866 374 4113. Follow Mirror Image on Twitter @MirrorImageDDN. About ITLG ITLG is a non-profit organization comprised of high-level global technology leaders from some of the world’s leading corporations, each of whom are committed to promoting the technology connection between Ireland and Silicon Valley, and helping Ireland address the challenges of embracing new technology opportunities. Mirror Image is a registered trademark of Mirror Image Internet. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious IIROC Trading Halt / Suspension de la negociation par l’OCRCVM – PPR.WT Next PostNext Healthgrades Announces Outstanding Patient Experience and Patient Safety Excellence Award Recipients Search Recent Posts Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Chromium Silicon Market Productions Supply Sales Demand Market Status and Forecast Research Report 2017 Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Select Realty Honors Associates Divi Resorts Offers Up to 50% Off Caribbean Travel for Limited-Time Easter Promotion Global Flexible Packaging Market Estimated to Expand at a Robust CAGR over 2020 – orbis Research Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Technology To democratise artificial intelligence, Intel launches educational programme for developers To democratise artificial intelligence, Intel launches educational programme for developers The educational programme is also aimed at deep learning and machine learning, the tech major said in a statement. By: PTI | Mumbai | Published: April 4, 2017 6:03 PM Under the programme, Intel will run 60 programmes across the year, ranging from workshops, roadshows, user group and senior technology leader round-tables. (Reuters) Reiterating its commitment to boost adoption of artificial intelligence (AI), Intel India today announced a developer community initiative – AI Developer Education Programme, aimed at educating 15,000 scientists, developers, analysts, and engineers. The educational programme is also aimed at deep learning and machine learning, the tech major said in a statement. The programme was announced at the first AI Day held in Bengaluru where thought-leaders from government, industry, and the academia congregated and discussed the potential of accelerating the AI revolution in the country. Under the programme, Intel will run 60 programmes across the year, ranging from workshops, roadshows, user group and senior technology leader round-tables. Announcing the programme, Intel South Asia managing director Prakash Mallya said data center and the intelligence behind the data collected can enable government and industry to make effective decisions based on algorithms. Also Watch: “This means increasing opportunities for using AI, and to make this happen, Intel India is collaborating with Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Wipro, Julia Computing and Calligo Technologies, by enabling them with AI solutions based Intel architecture,” Mallya said. This collaboration with industry and academia will help democratise AI by reducing entry barriers for developers, data scientists and students. In India, the company is targeting BFSI, telecom, and e-commerce sectors, across high performance computing, big data, and Internet of things, all of which are complementary to AI, Mallya added. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now More talks but no decisions on Republican push to overhaul healthcare South Korea's KEPCO cautious as Britain hunts partner for crucial nuclear project: Sources GST bill to be tabled in Rajya Sabha today Syria attack: Britain, France, US present UN draft resolution Ayodhya: Stampede during Ram Navmi event kills 1, injures at least 2 UN chief Antonio Guterres 'deeply disturbed' by Syria chemical attack reports Court: Civil Rights law prohibits discrimination of LGBT AAP alleges laxity by Goa govt in dealing with liquor ban Donald Trump-Xi Jinping meet to chart way forward for US-China ties: White House Yogi Adityanath unveils big education revamp, makes Yoga education mandatory in govt schools; teachers banned from taking private tuitions Jadavpur University can't be held responsible for slogan by fringe elements: VC Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News नरेंद्र मोदी कैबिनेट में फेरबदल की चर्चा: यूपी का सीएम बनने से चूक गए मनोज सिन्‍हा का हो सकता है प्रमोशन, सुषमा स्‍वराज की जगह ले सकती हैं वसुंधरा राजे राज्यसभा में हंगामा, लगे ईवीएम की यह सरकार नहीं चलेगी के नारे, 11.30 बजे तक कार्यवाही स्थगित लालू के बेटों ने हलफ़नामे में गलत और अधूरी जानकारी देकर लड़ा था चुनाव, छिपाई जमीन और कंपनी की बात Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
