null
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Intel's Joule 550x computer ships, but initial units heavily overpriced Intel's Joule 550x computer ships, but initial units heavily overpriced Intel's Joule 550x is available for $349 at Mouser and $291 at Newegg, which are huge markups Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 20 December, 2016 03:30 - - - - print email Comments Intel is now shipping a new single-board computer, the Joule 550x, that will challenge the dominance of Raspberry Pi. The board was announced in August but didn't ship right away. The Joule 550x is a full-fledged computer on a small circuit board, and it packs more horsepower and graphics capabilities than the Raspberry Pi 3. But at prices of up to US$349, the Joule 550x costs about 10 times more than Raspberry Pi 3. The board is now available from online retailer Mouser. It is available for $291 on Newegg. Intel's recommended price for Joule 550x is $149 to $159, so Mouser is asking for a heavy premium for the computer board. The Joule 550x will provide ample computing power to people building powerful robots, drones, or electronics. Using boards available before the retail release, some Joule-based robots and devices, like Microsoft's voice recognizing Bamboo robot, have already been made, and others like bartending robots are on the way. The board also has the computing power to be used as a Linux PC, and it has integrated graphics, memory, storage and Wi-Fi on board. A virtual reality headset can also be built with the Joule 550x. The Joule 550x is a watered down version of Intel's Joule 570x board, which has a faster processor and more memory. The Intel board beats Raspberry Pi 3 on features. The Joule 550x has a quad-core Atom T5500 processor based on the Broxton chip architecture, 8GB of storage, 3GB of LPDDR4 memory, two USB 3.0 ports, dual-antenna 802.11ac Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth. It also has the usual interfaces like I2S, GPIO, and UART found on popular development boards. The computer can be used to make IoT devices and supports major operating systems like embedded Linux and Windows 10 IoT Core. Raspberry Pi 3 and Qualcomm's Snapdragon 410c also support major OSes. While consumer-focused robots are cool, Intel hopes the usage of Joule expands in the enterprise. Powerful graphics capabilities are needed for tasks like product inspection. The processing capabilities of such a board could also to automate engineering tasks. Intel ultimately hopes to increase shipments of IoT chips after abandoning Atom chips in the mobile and tablet markets. The Continuum from Building to Buying your infrastructure More from Dell EMC Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about IntelLinuxMicrosoftQualcommRaspberry Pi Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Ransomware Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies The Nervous, the Vigilant and the Battle-Scarred - IT Security Personas Revealed Making IT smarter with advanced event correlation and management Obtaining ROI from HPE Operations Bridge Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Account Delivery Lead NSW UI Developer VIC DevOps Engineer WA SSIS Developer NSW Senior Projects Engineer | Systems Integration and IT Managed Services NSW Senior Murex Developer VIC PMO Analyst - Financial Services NSW Program Support Officer NSW Technical Specialist, Identity and Acess Management VIC Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Vodafone Australia set to build inaugural cyber defence and response centre HPE embarks on internal investigation after ATO outage ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). CSO Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile It's 2017 and changing other people's flight bookings is incredibly easy What to do if your data is taken hostage Critical flaw in PHPMailer library puts millions of websites at risk Computerworld After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Corporate boards aren't prepared for cyberattacks Tips for new tech devices Software is eating the food world ARN ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? ​Big business supports Aussie tech but fails to give start-ups a fair go IT services chief faces court over union fraud allegations ​Overseas investor acquires Hemisphere Technologies What the govt’s IT outsourcing trend means for Aussie partners Techworld Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 How to hang on to Windows 7 for the long run The US has sanctioned Russia over election hacking New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile CMO Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 CMO’s top 16 marketing stories of 2016 How an Australian tech company won licensing rights around Star Wars CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 21 December CMO interview: Taking test and learn marketing to the extreme at Expedia Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Microsoft sets Windows 10 PC requirements for tethered VR headsets Microsoft sets Windows 10 PC requirements for tethered VR headsets Microsoft's minimum requirements for VR headsets will go up with Creator's Update next year Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 15 December, 2016 08:43 - - - - print email Comments Microsoft's sending a strong message: You don't need high-end hardware to plug most VR headsets into PCs. The company has established an amazingly modest set of minimum hardware requirements for upcoming VR headsets to be used with PCs. Microsoft believes mixed reality is the future of computing and wants to bring VR as many PCs as possible. The requirements for Windows 10 PCs for tethered VR headsets do not apply to fully integrated headset computers like Microsoft's HoloLens. Companies like Dell, HP, Acer, Asus, and Lenovo plan to come out with headset accessories for PCs, and Microsoft has said prices for those VR headsets would start at US$299. Microsoft's requirements are much lower than those for the high-end HTC Vive and Oculus Rift headsets, which require top-class GPUs and CPUs. By comparison, Microsoft's minimum hardware requirements make space to plug low-end VR headsets into PCs for movie watching, casual gaming, and basic applications. The specifications are just a starting point, but the more loaded a computer, the better the VR experience will get, Mingfei Yan, senior program manager at Microsoft, said during a presentation at last week's WinHEC show in Shenzhen, China. To support a VR headset right now, a laptop will need to have the equivalent of Intel's Core i5 7200U CPU based on Kaby Lake, Intel's HD 620 integrated graphics, and 8GB of dual-channel memory. The hardware requirements get a bit more demanding next year, when Microsoft releases its Creators Update for Windows 10, which is built around 3D gaming, virtual reality, and 4K movies. There's a bit more flexibility in the CPU requirements, but a computer may need a discrete or powerful integrated GPU. For Creators Update, the minimum laptop requirement will be an Intel Core i5 chip -- Microsoft provided the example of a Skylake-based Core i5 6200U. The laptop GPU will need to be an Nvidia GeForce GTX 965M, AMD RX460, or DirectX 12-compatible GPU. A desktop will require a minimum of a Core i3 or an AMD FX4530 CPU equivalent, and a Nvidia GeForce GTX 960/1050, AMD Radeon RX460, or a DirectX 12 compatible GPU. PCs will also require a minimum of 8GB of dual-channel RAM and more than 10GB of storage. Additionally, PCs should have HDMI 1.4 for 60Hz head-mounted displays and HDMI 2.0 or DisplayPort for 90Hz VR headset displays. Alternately, a PC could have or USB 3.0 Type-A or USB 3.1 Type-C port with DisplayPort Alternate mode. Other specs include Bluetooth 4.0 wireless connection for accessories like controllers. Faster storage like SSDs and DDR4 memory will provide a better VR experience. AMD's mobile chips are still being tested for the specification, Yan said. Microsoft is using tracking technology to establish a "safety zone" to allow people to move when roaming VR worlds or playing games. Microsoft will prompt users to set up an active space in which to move, with the goal for VR users to avoiding crashing into furniture or other objects. Ultimately, Microsoft hopes VR headsets will be able to communicate with PCs wirelessly. That will provide users with more freedom to roam around larger areas, Yan said. The company also believes audio will play an important role when interacting with 3D worlds via a VR headset. For example, Cortana could be an important feature for VR apps in Windows 10. For the VR headset, Yan recommended putting in dual microphones, a headphone jack, or an audio array so users can enable the Cortana experience. By the next Creators Update, Microsoft will support Universal Windows Platform apps on its mixed reality platform. Microsoft's Edge browser will have VR capabilities with support for the WebVR standard. Microsoft's goal is to provide the largest catalog of apps and content for VR headsets, Yan said. The company will add new a movie and TV catalog with the Creators Update as a one-stop shop for videos that can run on VR headsets. 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AcerAMDDellGeForceHPHTCIntelLakeLenovoMicrosoftNvidia Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Ransomware Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation The Smarter, Faster Way to Move to Windows 10. Take Ctrl: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner. Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Account Delivery Lead NSW UI Developer VIC DevOps Engineer WA SSIS Developer NSW Senior Projects Engineer | Systems Integration and IT Managed Services NSW Senior Murex Developer VIC PMO Analyst - Financial Services NSW Program Support Officer NSW Technical Specialist, Identity and Acess Management VIC Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Vodafone Australia set to build inaugural cyber defence and response centre HPE embarks on internal investigation after ATO outage ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). CSO Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile It's 2017 and changing other people's flight bookings is incredibly easy What to do if your data is taken hostage Critical flaw in PHPMailer library puts millions of websites at risk Computerworld After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Corporate boards aren't prepared for cyberattacks Tips for new tech devices Software is eating the food world ARN ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? ​Big business supports Aussie tech but fails to give start-ups a fair go IT services chief faces court over union fraud allegations ​Overseas investor acquires Hemisphere Technologies What the govt’s IT outsourcing trend means for Aussie partners Techworld Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 How to hang on to Windows 7 for the long run The US has sanctioned Russia over election hacking New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile CMO Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 CMO’s top 16 marketing stories of 2016 How an Australian tech company won licensing rights around Star Wars CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 21 December CMO interview: Taking test and learn marketing to the extreme at Expedia Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Imagination plans new MIPS CPU, PowerVR GPU as it looks to bounce back Imagination plans new MIPS CPU, PowerVR GPU as it looks to bounce back Imagination refocuses its business and looks to diversify in IoT, automotive, and VR Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 20 December, 2016 05:01 - - - - print email Comments It's been a rough year for Imagination Technologies. The CEO resigned in February, layoffs followed in the next month, and the cloud of a takeover hung over the company with rumored negotiations to purchase the company. The company is best known as a provider of PowerVR GPUs for Apple's iPhone and the MIPS CPU architecture, which competes with Intel's X86 and ARM. Imagination has its eyes set on a strong 2017 by taking an approach much like Intel did last year and refocusing on areas of growth, which include graphics and the internet of things. Imagination next year will release new PowerVR and MIPS chip designs, with the goal of driving growth in those areas. Imagination is following the path set by chip companies ARM and Intel, which have refocused their business around IoT. The chip designer has seen success in areas like set-top boxes, automotive tech, and networking, and it will continue to focus on those areas. But Imagination has the assets to succeed in emerging areas like virtual reality, and its technologies are already being used in VR headsets. Chip design business model Imagination has a business model similar to ARM's: It designs chips and licenses the designs to companies. Next year, Imagination will release the new Series8XT graphics processor, which will be targeted at a range of devices, including high-end phones and VR headsets. Apple, which is a minority shareholder in Imagination, could be one company licensing the Series8XT GPU. Apple tweaked the previous Series7XT used in the iPhone 7 and has used PowerVR technology in all iPhones to date. Imagination also wants to regain share in the mobile market as it expands the Series8XE graphics processor into low-end and mid-range phones, said Graham Deacon, senior director of business operations for PowerVR. That's a market Imagination has lost, with competitive GPUs from ARM and Qualcomm taking share. Imagination introduced Series8XE earlier this year, and the technology is reaching low- and mid-range devices. The goal is for Series8XT to be a harbinger of many new technologies, but all the GPUs will cram in more performance, Deacon said. New opportunities The PowerVR GPUs could find a place in infotainment systems and autonomous cars. There's a fair amount of research being done to tweak the GPUs for machine learning, Deacon said. There's also an opportunity in artificial intelligence, and Imagination is developing technologies and algorithms to tap into artificial intelligence uses, Deacon said. Imagination also plans to release new MIPS CPUs in the next year. MIPS CPUs have lost market share to ARM and Intel in the IoT market, but interest remains in the CPU architecture for cars, data centers, networking, and IoT devices. The company's strategy is to go after the massive volume opportunity in IoT and networking, rather than go after mobile application processors, said Steve Evans, vice president for business operations at MIPS. ARM has dominated the mobile device market in recent years. Intel recently quit making mobile CPUs, and MIPS hasn't found success. Only a handful of mobile handsets and tablets have used MIPS CPUs. But MIPS survives in other markets. Mobileye, which develops autonomous driving systems for cars, already uses MIPS CPUs. There are also many IoT devices, like low-speed LTE modems from Sequans and Altair, using MIPS CPUs. The company is also pitching the MIPS CPU for robots, drones, and other industrial applications. MIPS CPUs are also being used in wearables, particularly products developed in China. Imagination has targeted the MIPS CPU at servers in the past but with little success. But the fastest I6500-class CPU is comparable to the top-line ARM processor and is doing well, Evans said. While main CPUs in servers may be based on x86, there's interest for MIPS CPUs in the data-plane element, and companies like Broadcom and Cavium are making networking processors based on MIPS. Drones and robots Combining PowerVR and MIPS could provide a powerful chip combination for drones and robots. MIPS can provide the multi-core processing power, while PowerVR will provide the visual computing element, Imagination executives said. As the company looks to diversify into new markets, the cloud of getting acquired will hang over their head. But it's a public company with multiple shareholders, and it will continue focusing on what it does and won't be distracted, said David Harold, a company spokesman. The Continuum from Building to Buying your infrastructure More from Dell EMC Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AppleARMBroadcomImagination TechnologiesIntelQualcomm Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Ransomware Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation The Smarter, Faster Way to Move to Windows 10. Take Ctrl: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner. Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Account Delivery Lead NSW UI Developer VIC DevOps Engineer WA SSIS Developer NSW Senior Projects Engineer | Systems Integration and IT Managed Services NSW Senior Murex Developer VIC PMO Analyst - Financial Services NSW Program Support Officer NSW Technical Specialist, Identity and Acess Management VIC Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Vodafone Australia set to build inaugural cyber defence and response centre HPE embarks on internal investigation after ATO outage ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation Market Place Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! CSO Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile It's 2017 and changing other people's flight bookings is incredibly easy What to do if your data is taken hostage Critical flaw in PHPMailer library puts millions of websites at risk Computerworld After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Corporate boards aren't prepared for cyberattacks Tips for new tech devices Software is eating the food world ARN ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? ​Big business supports Aussie tech but fails to give start-ups a fair go IT services chief faces court over union fraud allegations ​Overseas investor acquires Hemisphere Technologies What the govt’s IT outsourcing trend means for Aussie partners Techworld Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 How to hang on to Windows 7 for the long run The US has sanctioned Russia over election hacking New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile CMO Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 CMO’s top 16 marketing stories of 2016 How an Australian tech company won licensing rights around Star Wars CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 21 December CMO interview: Taking test and learn marketing to the extreme at Expedia Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO The top 10 PC technologies and trends to watch in 2017 The top 10 PC technologies and trends to watch in 2017 A bevy of new technologies next year will bring PCs into the era of VR, AI and 5G Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 15 December, 2016 22:00 - - - - print email Comments Though some critics love to knock PCs as dinosaurs, laptops and desktops have gotten sexier, faster and even smarter. For every blue screen of death, there are droves of technological enhancements driving PCs into the era of virtual reality, 4K video and 5G connectivity. Here are the top 10 PC technology and trends to watch next year. VR PCs on your head Intel/IDGNS An Intel employee demonstrates the company's Project Alloy headset on stage during IDF 2016 in San Francisco on August 16, 2016. VR devices will come in many new shapes and sizes, with some of them acting essentially as PCs that fit on your head. Dell, Asus, Acer, Lenovo and HP will release mixed reality headsets, which will allow users to interact with 3D objects that pop up as floating images superimposed on a real-life background. The devices will provide a new level of human-computer interaction, making it more fun than ever to create 3D objects, play games, watch moves, and have interactive Skype calls. These "holographic computers," as they have been called, will have Intel chips, an integrated GPU and possibly a 3D RealSense camera to identify objects, measure distances, and provide new perspectives on surroundings. Storage prices will go up Martyn Williams A computer with an Intel SSD on display at Computex 2015 in Taipei Prices of SSDs are going up due to shortages, and that could have an impact on the price of laptops, 2-in-1 computers and storage. Dell's XPS 13 with Intel's Kaby Lake chips and a 512GB SSD, for example, is not available right now.  Other laptops with 512GB SSDs are priced unbelievably high. Most PC makers are offering 128GB or 256GB SSDs in PCs by default. Choose storage wisely, as it isn't easy to screw open a superthin 2-in-1 to replace an SSD. Talk to your PC Microsoft Woman using Microsoft's Cortana voice-activated assistant on Lumia smartphone. The feud between Apple's Siri, Amazon's Alexa, Google's Assistant and Microsoft's Cortana voice-activated assistants could get more interesting next year. Users will be able to shout out Cortana commands to Windows 10 PCs from a longer distance, thanks to a "far-field speech recognition" technology that Intel and Microsoft are working on. Until now, Cortana worked best if a user was close to a PC, but millions of Windows PCs will turn into Amazon Echo competitors with this new feature. Cortana can do a lot more than Amazon Echo, like accessing information from the cloud, chatting with chatbots, checking email and other tasks. AMD ratchets up chip battle with Intel Martyn Williams Intel has been the unchallenged king of PCs for more than a decade, but AMD is fighting back with its new Ryzen PC processor, which will reaches PCs next year. A healthy rivalry will be good news for PC users, some of whom may jump from the Intel to the AMD camp. AMD claims Ryzen is 40 percent faster than its current PC chips, which on paper is impressive. The chips will first hit gaming PCs, and then mainstream laptops and desktops later in 2017. Ryzen will battle Intel's Kaby Lake in early 2017, and the 10-nanometer Cannonlake in late 2017. ARM-based laptops with Windows, again Stephen Lawson The first attempt at ARM PCs, which ran on Windows RT, was an unmitigated disaster, and it left many users skeptical of the idea. But Microsoft hasn't given up, especially as 5G starts to become a reality and cellular connectivity in PCs becomes essential. Microsoft announced that next year PCs will be available with Qualcomm's ARM-based Snapdragon 835, which is primarily for smartphones. Super-thin laptops will get integrated modems and a long battery life with the chip. The ARM-based PCs will run Win32 applications that run on regular x86 PCs via emulation. For now, no PC maker has announced ARM-based Windows PCs -- manufacturers  may be cautious in light of the Windows RT fiasco. There are also many challenges. Snapdragon isn't as fast as high-end x86 Intel or AMD chips, and won't support 64-bit applications initially. Also, emulation may limit the ability to exploit hardware acceleration. Bluetooth 5 will take charge Stephen Lawson The Bluetooth logo. Laptops and 2-in-1s will be equipped with the latest Bluetooth 5 wireless specification, which is a longer and faster upgrade to the aging Bluetooth 4.2. Bluetooth 5 will allow PCs to communicate wirelessly with devices up to 400 meters away in clear line of sight, but a more reasonable range is about 120 meters, according to analysts.  Bluetooth 5 will transfer data at speeds of up to 2Mbps, which is two times faster than its predecessor. Beautiful screens, 4K and HDR Dell Dell's XPS 13 has an edge-to-edge screen. Laptops like the XPS 13 and Lenovo's Yoga 910 have beautiful edge-to-edge screens, a feature that may be included in more laptops next year. Also, 4K screens and HDR (high-dynamic range) technology will make games and movies look stunning. HDR results in more vivid images, and TVs, cameras and monitors supporting the technology are already available. Netflix is also doubling down on HDR. An HDR standards battle is brewing with DolbyVision and HBR3, but GPU makers are supporting both standards. AMD expects DolbyVision to ultimately win. New storage and memory technologies Intel 3D XPoint is the technology behind Optane products. Intel's Optane, a superfast SSD and DRAM replacement that could ultimately unify memory and storage, could cause a radical change in PC architecture. But that won't happen for a few years, and the initial expectations for Optane are modest. The first Optane SSDs will be in enthusiast PCs, and could cost a small fortune. Optane SSDs have been measured as being 10 times faster than conventional SSDs. Over time, Optane could replace DRAM DIMMs, with the added advantage of being able to store data. The SSDs won't be in laptops next year as the technology's uses are still being explored. Optane is based on a technology called 3D Xpoint, which Intel co-developed with Micron. SSDs based on Micron's 3D XPoint technology will ship next year under the QuantX brand. More changes for keyboards Lenovo Lenovo's Yoga Book has a virtual keyboard on a touch panel. We saw some interesting changes to keyboards this year: Apple added the Touch Bar, while Lenovo swapped out the hard keyboard for a virtual keyboard on a touch input panel for its Yoga Book. Lenovo wants to bring the virtual keyboard to more Chromebooks and 2-in-1s, partly because of its versatility. The touch input panel can also be used to draw or take notes with a stylus. It's a toss-up: Lenovo believes that those used to typing on mobile devices will adapt to this touch panel keyboard quickly, while hard keyboard diehards will dismiss the idea. Some ports won't go away easily James Niccolai USB Type-C cable on show at CES PC makers may not muster up the courage to remove the headphone jack and SD card slots from PCs right away, but USB 2.0 slots could be on their way out. Some PC makers may leave out display and other legacy ports with the emergence of the versatile USB Type-C, which can be used to charge PCs and connect displays, storage devices and other peripherals. The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AcerAlloyAMDAppleARMComputexDellEchoGoogleHPIntelLakeLawsonLenovoMicronMicrosoftNetflixQualcommSkype Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Ransomware Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner Take Ctrl: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner. The Nervous, the Vigilant and the Battle-Scarred - IT Security Personas Revealed The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Account Delivery Lead NSW EOI - TIBCO Developer QLD C Programmer ACT WebMethod Developer QLD Knowledge and Configuration Coordinator ACT Systems Administrator VIC UI Developer VIC TRIM Technical Developer - Canberra based QLD Business Analyst - DAF QLD Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Should Google buy Slack to bridge messaging gap? 4 information security threats that will dominate 2017 Will site blocking stop internet pirates in Australia? In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). CSO Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile It's 2017 and changing other people's flight bookings is incredibly easy What to do if your data is taken hostage Critical flaw in PHPMailer library puts millions of websites at risk Computerworld After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Corporate boards aren't prepared for cyberattacks Tips for new tech devices Software is eating the food world ARN ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? ​Big business supports Aussie tech but fails to give start-ups a fair go IT services chief faces court over union fraud allegations ​Overseas investor acquires Hemisphere Technologies What the govt’s IT outsourcing trend means for Aussie partners Techworld Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 How to hang on to Windows 7 for the long run The US has sanctioned Russia over election hacking New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile CMO Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 CMO’s top 16 marketing stories of 2016 How an Australian tech company won licensing rights around Star Wars CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 21 December CMO interview: Taking test and learn marketing to the extreme at Expedia Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC Intel's Joule now supports Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 21 December, 2016 03:11 - - - - print email Comments If you want a PC with Ubuntu Linux, you can turn to Intel's Joule single-board computer instead of buying an expensive machine. Support for Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS has been added to the Joule board, according to developer notes for Intel IoT Developer Kit 5.0 released late last week. Intel has two Joule boards: the 570x, which sells for $219 on Mouser, and the 550x, which is priced at $179 on the same retail site. The 550x, which started shipping recently, was priced at $349 until Monday, but was cut in half after a story by the IDG News Service pointed out the unusually high price. The Joule boards are like Raspberry Pi 3, with all major components crammed on a circuit board. But Joule is tricked out with recently released components, memory and storage, making it the fastest board computer in its class. The Joule boards have the latest Atom processors based on the Broxton architecture, GPUs capable of 4K video capture, 802.11ac Wi-Fi, LPDDR4 memory, USB 3.0 ports and internal storage up to 8GB. Raspberry Pi 3 has an ARM processor, no internal storage, USB 2.0, 1080p graphics processor and slower memory and Wi-Fi. Intel designed the Joule board for the development of robots, drones and smart devices requiring heavy processing power. But like Raspberry Pi 3, which is also being used as a PC, the Joule is powerful enough to be a low-end PC or server. 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about ARMIDGIntelLinuxNewsRaspberry PiUbuntu Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Ransomware Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation The Smarter, Faster Way to Move to Windows 10. Take Ctrl: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner. Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Account Delivery Lead NSW UI Developer VIC DevOps Engineer WA SSIS Developer NSW Senior Projects Engineer | Systems Integration and IT Managed Services NSW Senior Murex Developer VIC PMO Analyst - Financial Services NSW Program Support Officer NSW Technical Specialist, Identity and Acess Management VIC Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Vodafone Australia set to build inaugural cyber defence and response centre HPE embarks on internal investigation after ATO outage ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! CSO Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile It's 2017 and changing other people's flight bookings is incredibly easy What to do if your data is taken hostage Critical flaw in PHPMailer library puts millions of websites at risk Computerworld After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Corporate boards aren't prepared for cyberattacks Tips for new tech devices Software is eating the food world ARN ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? ​Big business supports Aussie tech but fails to give start-ups a fair go IT services chief faces court over union fraud allegations ​Overseas investor acquires Hemisphere Technologies What the govt’s IT outsourcing trend means for Aussie partners Techworld Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 How to hang on to Windows 7 for the long run The US has sanctioned Russia over election hacking New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile CMO Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 CMO’s top 16 marketing stories of 2016 How an Australian tech company won licensing rights around Star Wars CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 21 December CMO interview: Taking test and learn marketing to the extreme at Expedia Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Computerworld This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC Intel's Joule now supports Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 21 December, 2016 03:11 - - - - print email Comments If you want a PC with Ubuntu Linux, you can turn to Intel's Joule single-board computer instead of buying an expensive machine. Support for Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS has been added to the Joule board, according to developer notes for Intel IoT Developer Kit 5.0 released late last week. Intel has two Joule boards: the 570x, which sells for $219 on Mouser, and the 550x, which is priced at $179 on the same retail site. The 550x, which started shipping recently, was priced at $349 until Monday, but was cut in half after a story by the IDG News Service pointed out the unusually high price. The Joule boards are like Raspberry Pi 3, with all major components crammed on a circuit board. But Joule is tricked out with recently released components, memory and storage, making it the fastest board computer in its class. The Joule boards have the latest Atom processors based on the Broxton architecture, GPUs capable of 4K video capture, 802.11ac Wi-Fi, LPDDR4 memory, USB 3.0 ports and internal storage up to 8GB. Raspberry Pi 3 has an ARM processor, no internal storage, USB 2.0, 1080p graphics processor and slower memory and Wi-Fi. Intel designed the Joule board for the development of robots, drones and smart devices requiring heavy processing power. But like Raspberry Pi 3, which is also being used as a PC, the Joule is powerful enough to be a low-end PC or server. Transforming Venues Through Digital Enterprise Practice More from Avaya Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about ARMIDGIntelLinuxNewsRaspberry PiUbuntu Editor's Recommendations Former CBA IT exec jailed for role in kickback scheme Data retention: Government consults on use of data in civil court action Vodafone to launch cyber security centre ATO commissions review after ‘worst unplanned outage in recent memory’ Microsoft’s Pip Marlow to join Suncorp ASX CIO Tim Thurman to return to Canada Read more Veeam Resources Centre Related Whitepapers Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner The Smarter, Faster Way to Move to Windows 10. Why Cloud Computing is the Future How to Stay Protected Against Ransomware Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Former Ericsson ANZ chief joins Telstra as CTO New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile Why Azure’s cloud chief believes Microsoft is in prime position In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Market Place Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Happy Holidays! This site relies upon advertisements to continue producing new Linux/open-source content over the past 12+ years. If you wish to continue blocking ads, please consider this holiday joining ad-free Phoronix Premium. Besides an ad-free experience, Phoronix Premium grants access to multi-page articles on a single page and other benefits while still supporting our site. Or if you insist on blocking ads, perhaps consider a holiday tip? Thanks for your support and happy holidays. Intel Has More DRM Graphics Code For Testing, Targeting Linux 4.11 Written by Michael Larabel in Linux Kernel on 26 December 2016 at 11:39 AM EST. Add A Comment While Linux 4.10-rc1 was only released yesterday and there will be about two months before it rolls around to the Linux 4.11 merge window, Intel OTC already has new code ready for testing. Intel i915 DRM maintainer Daniel Vetter published the latest changes for their -testing branch of material that will in turn target Linux 4.11. Changes up for testing include some DisplayPort link rate fixes, prep work for atomic watermark updates on Valleyview and Cherryview, a clean-up to the platform enumeration code, Gen9 (Skylake) watermark fixes, prep work for DisplayPort link failure fallback handling, GEM_WARN_ON support, overlay fixes, and other code changes. More details via this mailing list post. No big new features at least not yet, but lots of fixes are always welcome. Add A Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Linux Kernel News Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 WireGuard Secure Network Tunnel Is Eyeing Mainline, Running On Android Early Benchmarks Of Linux 4.10 Show Some Improvements & Regressions For Core i7-6800K The Most Viewed Linux Kernel News Stories Of 2016 BUS1 Didn't Land This Year, But It's Making Progress Popular News Wine 2.0 Is Looking Like It Will Be A Late January Release Mesa's RADV Vulkan Driver Receives Some Fixes For DOOM The Top BSD News This Year: Ubuntu Atop BSD, FreeBSD 11.0, DragonFly's HAMMER2 Former Valve Developer: Steam Linux Project Was The Hardest Arcan Display Server Working On X.Org / Wayland Compatibility Lineage: Forking CyanogenMod To A New Android Distribution Latest Linux News RadeonSI Patches Boost Deus Ex: MD Performance By ~70% Dawn-CC: Automatically Adding OpenACC/OpenMP Directives To Programs KDE Kirigami UI 2.0 Beta Released: Better Android Integration, QQC2 Focus Linux 4.9/4.10, Solaris Rumors, Graphics Driver News Ended Out 2016 GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Should Tarballs Be On Their Way Out The Door In 2017? Steam's Linux Marketshare Ended Slightly Lower For 2016 Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 Steam's Top Grossing Games Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Featured Articles Happy New Year! That's A Wrap For 2016 With 3,336 New Articles + 248 Reviews/Featured Articles Setting Up A MoCA 2.0 Ethernet-Over-Coax Network, Linux LAN Benchmarks EXT4 / F2FS / Btrfs / XFS On Early Linux 4.10 Kernel NVIDIA CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks For Ending 2016 + cuDNN Caffe AlexNet/Googlenet Running The Intel NUC6i7KYK On Linux With Skylake Iris Pro Graphics Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Happy Holidays! This site relies upon advertisements to continue producing new Linux/open-source content over the past 12+ years. If you wish to continue blocking ads, please consider this holiday joining ad-free Phoronix Premium. Besides an ad-free experience, Phoronix Premium grants access to multi-page articles on a single page and other benefits while still supporting our site. Or if you insist on blocking ads, perhaps consider a holiday tip? Thanks for your support and happy holidays. The Most Popular Vulkan News From 2016 Written by Michael Larabel in Vulkan on 26 December 2016 at 10:09 AM EST. Add A Comment While Vulkan 1.0 only made its public debut in February, on Phoronix in 2016 were 231 news items so far about this new graphics API from The Khronos Group, not counting the dozens of benchmarking articles looking at length about GPU/driver Linux performance. The release of Vulkan 1.0 is one of my favorite highlights of 2016. Given all of our Vulkan news on Phoronix from bechmarks to driver news to specification updates to interesting Vulkan projects, here is a look at the most popular Vulkan news on Phoronix from this calendar year. Following that are our most viewed featured-length articles / reviews featuring Vulkan. The top 12 most viewed Vulkan news items from 2016: Some Early Windows 10 vs. Ubuntu Linux Vulkan Tests With NVIDIA Graphics While waiting to test Ubuntu Bash on Windows, I decided to run some (manual) tests of Vulkan on Windows compared to some recent Ubuntu Linux figures with different NVIDIA graphics cards. Intel Vulkan Linux Driver Lands Color Compression Support For Skylake It's been another busy day in Mesa Git for Intel's "ANV" Vulkan open-source Linux driver. CryENGINE Is Planning To Deliver Its Vulkan Support In About Two Months The middle of October is when Crytek should be publicly rolling out their Vulkan API support in the CryENGINE. Early Radeon Vulkan Windows vs. AMDGPU PRO Linux Benchmarks On Friday I posted Some Early Windows 10 vs. Ubuntu Linux Vulkan Tests With NVIDIA Graphics while today the tables have turned to show The Talos Principle on Windows 10 and Ubuntu 16.04 Linux under AMD Radeon graphics. AMD's Vulkan Driver Will Only Work With The AMDGPU Kernel Driver I've just received confirmation from AMD that their forthcoming Vulkan driver will only work with the AMDGPU DRM kernel driver. This means that unless this AMDGPU kernel driver is extended to support pre-VI hardware, only the very latest AMD GPUs on Linux will work with Khronos' next-generation API. Direct3D 11 vs. OpenGL vs. Vulkan Radeon Benchmarks On Windows & Linux After making the Direct3D 11 vs. Vulkan vs. OpenGL benchmarks available to Phoronix Premium subscribers this weekend, these results are now available to everyone. Enjoy. Running The Latest Windows 10 vs. Ubuntu Linux OpenGL/Vulkan Benchmarks Now that my Linux reviews of the GeForce GTX 1070 and GeForce GTX 1080 have been published, next on my agenda this week are running some fresh Windows vs. Linux graphics benchmarks with these Pascal graphics cards. You Can Help Bring Vulkan Support To Older AMD GCN GPUs Earlier today I wrote about how AMD will only be supporting Vulkan with the AMDGPU DRM kernel driver and not the more common Radeon DRM kernel driver. Here's a few more points to clarify the situation. Intel's Vulkan Linux Driver Gets ~30% Performance Boost, Now Faster Than OpenGL With our past Intel Vulkan benchmarks the Vulkan driver was slower than the mature OpenGL driver but this is about to change with an important patch-set published today: a big performance boost is in store. Valve Is Finally Releasing Dota 2 With Vulkan Support Very Soon It has taken longer than anticipated, but it looks like Valve will be releasing Dota 2 with Vulkan API renderer support within the next week. AMD Posts Initial AMDGPU Hybrid Driver With Vulkan Support Well, AMD has just sent out a pleasant surprise before the weekend: an initial AMD Hybrid Linux driver build! It's AMDGPU-based providing OpenGL and Vulkan support on the new stack! What A Developer Thinks About Vulkan After Using It In A Game Engine One of the developers behind a new open-source 3D game engine written in C++ and using Vulkan and DirectX 12 as rendering back-ends has shared his thoughts on this new Khronos graphics API after diving into it for this project. And then the featured articles with Vulkan: Vulkan 1.0 Released: What You Need To Know About This Cross-Platform, High-Performance Graphics API Today's the day! It's Vulkan day! After the better part of two years of hard work, Vulkan 1.0 is ready to meet the world! Today The Khronos Group is announcing the release of Vulkan 1.0 with an embargo that just expired. This hard-launch today is met by the public release of the first conformant driver. The first Vulkan-powered game is also in public beta as of today, but the Linux situation as of today isn't entirely exciting for end-users/gamers as most vendors are still baking their Linux support with Windows generally taking priority. However, even ignoring operating system differences, you need to make sure your expectations are realistic before trying to fire up a Vulkan game while giving developers time to learn and design for this new graphics API. NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 On Linux: OpenGL, OpenCL, Vulkan Performance $699 USD is a lot to spend on a graphics card, but damn she is a beauty. Last month NVIDIA launched the GeForce GTX 1080 as the current top-end Pascal card and looked great under Windows while now finally having my hands on the card the past few days I've been putting it through its paces under Ubuntu Linux with the major open APIs of OpenGL, OpenCL, Vulkan, and VDPAU. Not only is the raw performance of the GeForce GTX 1080 on Linux fantastic, but the performance-per-Watt improvements made my jaw drop more than a few times. Here are my initial Linux results of the Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1080 Founder's Edition. NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 On Linux: Testing With OpenGL, OpenCL, CUDA & Vulkan If you were amazed by the GeForce GTX 1080 performance under Linux but its ~$699 USD price-tag is too much to handle, the GeForce GTX 1070 is now shipping for $399~449 USD. NVIDIA sent over a GeForce GTX 1070 and I've been putting it through its paces under Linux with a variety of OpenGL, OpenCL, and Vulkan benchmarks along with CUDA and deep learning benchmarks. Here's the first look at the GeForce GTX 1070 performance under Ubuntu Linux. Dota 2 Vulkan vs. OpenGL Performance Redux Earlier this week I published some Dota 2 Vulkan vs. OpenGL benchmarks with AMD Radeon and NVIDIA GeForce graphics cards under Linux. Since then I received some feedback from Valve with regards to Dota 2 on the Source 2 Engine testing along with a better demo to use for benchmarking and also using the latest Dota 2 Vulkan DLC updates. So here is a fresh look at the OpenGL vs. Vulkan performance for this popular Valve game on an assortment of NVIDIA and AMD graphics cards. AMD vs. NVIDIA Vulkan & OpenGL Linux Performance With The New Drivers Thanks to AMD having released their new GPU-PRO "hybrid" Linux driver a few days ago, there is now Vulkan API support for Radeon GPU owners on Linux. This new AMD Linux driver holds much potential and the closed-source bits are now limited to user-space, among other benefits covered in dozens of Phoronix articles over recent months. With having this new driver in hand plus NVIDIA promoting their Vulkan support to the 364 Linux driver series, it's a great time for some benchmarking. Here are OpenGL and Vulkan atop Ubuntu 16.04 Linux for both AMD Radeon and NVIDIA GeForce graphics cards. Testing The Open-Source "RADV" Radeon Vulkan Driver vs. AMDGPU-PRO With word coming out last week that the RADV open-source Vulkan driver can now render Dota 2 correctly, I've been running some tests the past few days of this RADV Vulkan driver compared to AMD's official (but currently closed-source) Vulkan driver bundled with the AMDGPU-PRO Vulkan driver. Mesa 12.0 Released With OpenGL 4.3 Support, Intel Vulkan & Many Other Features While it's coming late, the huge Mesa 12.0 release is now official! Mesa 12.0 is easily one of the biggest updates to this important open-source user-space OpenGL driver stack in quite some time and will offer much better support and features especially for Intel, Radeon, and NVIDIA open-source Linux desktop users/gamers. NVIDIA vs. AMD OpenGL & Vulkan Benchmarks With Valve's Dota 2 Yesterday marked the public availability of Dota 2 with a Vulkan renderer after Valve had been showing it off for months. This is the second commercial Linux game (after The Talos Principle) to sport a Vulkan renderer and thus we were quite excited to see how this Dota 2 Vulkan DLC is performing for both NVIDIA GeForce and AMD Radeon graphics cards. Here are our initial Dota 2 benchmarks with Vulkan as well as OpenGL for reference when using the latest Linux graphics drivers on Ubuntu. Trying The New AMD GPU-PRO Linux Driver On Ubuntu With Vulkan, OpenCL & OpenGL On Friday night to much surprise, AMD published the beta version of their new hybrid Linux driver stack with Vulkan support alongside OpenCL, OpenGL, and VDPAU support. Here's some more details from my initial testing of this new driver that AMD is currently calling the Radeon Software AMD GPU-PRO Beta Driver for Linux. Radeon Vulkan Driver Added To Mesa, Fresh Radeon Vulkan vs. OpenGL Benchmarks + AMDGPU-PRO Today the RADV Radeon Vulkan driver is landing in mainline Mesa and just hit the Git code minutes ago. Merging the RADV driver came up just over the past few weeks in time for next month's Mesa stable release while this community-based driver was developed over the summer by David Airlie and Bas Nieuwenhuizen. This "unofficial" Radeon Vulkan open-source driver is now becoming part of the Mesa code-base with it being able to support the few Vulkan Linux games but isn't yet a fully conformant driver. Here are fresh benchmarks of the RADV driver compared to the RadeonSI OpenGL driver and benchmarks compared to AMD's hybrid closed-source AMDGPU-PRO driver on several different graphics cards. Add A Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Vulkan News RADV Radeon Vulkan Code Enables More Driver Features Nintendo's Switch Game Console Is Vulkan & OpenGL Conformant RADV Vulkan Driver Patches To Support Compute Queues VK9 Hits Its Sixth Milestone For Direct3D 9 Over Vulkan David Airlie Preps Latest Round Of RADV Radeon Vulkan Patches The Favorite Open-Source Vulkan Projects Of Phoronix Readers Popular News Wine 2.0 Is Looking Like It Will Be A Late January Release Mesa's RADV Vulkan Driver Receives Some Fixes For DOOM The Top BSD News This Year: Ubuntu Atop BSD, FreeBSD 11.0, DragonFly's HAMMER2 Former Valve Developer: Steam Linux Project Was The Hardest Arcan Display Server Working On X.Org / Wayland Compatibility Lineage: Forking CyanogenMod To A New Android Distribution Latest Linux News RadeonSI Patches Boost Deus Ex: MD Performance By ~70% Dawn-CC: Automatically Adding OpenACC/OpenMP Directives To Programs KDE Kirigami UI 2.0 Beta Released: Better Android Integration, QQC2 Focus Linux 4.9/4.10, Solaris Rumors, Graphics Driver News Ended Out 2016 GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Should Tarballs Be On Their Way Out The Door In 2017? Steam's Linux Marketshare Ended Slightly Lower For 2016 Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 Steam's Top Grossing Games Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Featured Articles Happy New Year! That's A Wrap For 2016 With 3,336 New Articles + 248 Reviews/Featured Articles Setting Up A MoCA 2.0 Ethernet-Over-Coax Network, Linux LAN Benchmarks EXT4 / F2FS / Btrfs / XFS On Early Linux 4.10 Kernel NVIDIA CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks For Ending 2016 + cuDNN Caffe AlexNet/Googlenet Running The Intel NUC6i7KYK On Linux With Skylake Iris Pro Graphics Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Happy Holidays! This site relies upon advertisements to continue producing new Linux/open-source content over the past 12+ years. If you wish to continue blocking ads, please consider this holiday joining ad-free Phoronix Premium. Besides an ad-free experience, Phoronix Premium grants access to multi-page articles on a single page and other benefits while still supporting our site. Or if you insist on blocking ads, perhaps consider a holiday tip? Thanks for your support and happy holidays. The Most Viewed Ubuntu & Mir News Of 2016 Written by Michael Larabel in Ubuntu on 26 December 2016 at 08:00 AM EST. Add A Comment With the end of 2016 in sight, here's a look back at the most popular Ubuntu news for the year. This week will be more of our various recaps and most viewed/popular lists for different Linux/open-source accomplishments this year. For kicking off this week, here's a look at the twelve most viewed Ubuntu stories on Phoronix for 2016 followed by the most popular stories about their Mir display server. Ubuntu Is Deprecating fglrx (Catalyst) In 16.04 LTS Ubuntu developers have deprecated the fglrx / Catalyst Linux display stack for Ubuntu 16.04 LTS. Users of this upcoming Ubuntu release are now encouraged to use the open-source Radeon display stack. Early Ubuntu 14.04 vs. Ubuntu 16.04 Intel Xeon E5 Benchmarks This morning I posted some Ubuntu 14.04 vs. 16.04 LTS Radeon graphics benchmarks while if open-source AMD graphics driver evolution doesn't get you excited, in this article are results from other non-graphics benchmarks in comparing the Ubuntu 14.04 vs. 16.04 performance for these long-term support releases in their current form. The Speed Of Ubuntu 16.10 Currently Versus Ubuntu 16.04, Clear Linux Being mid-way through Ubuntu 16.10's development cycle, here are some fresh benchmarks showing how its performance has changed (if at all) compared to Ubuntu 16.04 LTS as well as compared to Intel's high-performance Clear Linux distribution as a reference point. SFC Considers Combining ZFS With Linux A GPL Violation The Software Freedom Conservancy has opined today that Canonical's inclusion of the ZFS file-system module into their Linux kernel for Ubuntu 16.04 is a violation of the GPL. Enabling DRI3 Is Still An Easy Performance Hack Relevant For Ubuntu 16.04 Systems While some distributions like Fedora have opted to enable DRI3 by default with their (mostly Intel) X.Org driver packages, Ubuntu 16.04 didn't pursue such behavior. But that just means with an easy xorg.conf tweak you can generally get better performance unless you happen to hit one of the few remaining DRI3-related issues. Ubuntu Snap's Security Is Easily Circumvented Due To X11 Matthew Garrett has taken time away from working on his new SATA power management patches for the Linux kernel to share his thoughts on Ubuntu's Snap packaging format and its security. Ubuntu Developers Discuss Again About Dropping Support For 32-bit x86 Ubuntu developers are once again pondering the possibility of dropping support for i386 (32-bit x86) as installation media for their Linux distribution. Trying Out Ubuntu GNOME 16.10, Wayland Session Not So Great With today's Ubuntu 16.10 release one of the exciting spins we've been looking forward to is Ubuntu GNOME 16.10, which has an experimental Wayland session available but is not the default. I spent a few minutes trying out Ubuntu GNOME 16.10 this morning. Testing Ubuntu's User-Space/Bash On Windows Is Going Well, Benchmarks Incoming While many were commenting on my article this week about being burned out and frustrated with ads that I should take the weekend off, I did not, but I've been having a surprisingly stress-free time playing with Ubuntu Bash on Windows. Ubuntu 16.04.1 LTS Released The first point release to the Ubuntu 16.04 Long Term Support (LTS) release is now available. Ubuntu 16.04 "Xenial Xerus" Beta 1 Released Opt-in flavors of Ubuntu have today issued their first beta of the "Xenial Xerus" release. Using 64-bit Linux Software To Reduce Power Consumption? With Ubuntu 16.04 LTS due for release next month, I found it time to do my occasional 32-bit vs. 64-bit Linux OS comparison for showcasing the performance difference of using the 64-bit software on supported hardware. This time around, at a premium member's request, I also did some power consumption monitoring between the 32-bit and 64-bit builds of Ubuntu 16.04 on an Intel laptop/ultrabook. Or for those wanting the most popular Ubuntu Mir news of the year: NVIDIA 364.12 Arrives With Wayland & Mir Support NVIDIA's 364 Linux driver series is now available and it's pretty darn exciting! NVIDIA 364.19 Linux Driver Stabilizes The Wayland & Mir Support The NVIDIA 364.19 Linux graphics driver was released today as the first stable release in the NVIDIA 364 driver series. SDL 2.0.4 Was Quietly Released Last Week With Wayland & Mir By Default Released last weekend to not much fanfare was SDL 2.0.4, a significant update to the Simple DirectMedia Library, which is commonly used by cross-platform games. The Latest Changes For Ubuntu's Mir It's been a while since last having any major news to report out of the Mir camp for Ubuntu's alternative to Wayland. Arcan Open-Source Display Server Continues Progressing As Alternative To Wayland, Mir A few months back I wrote about Arcan: A New Open-Source Display Server Built Atop A Game Engine. Sadly with most niche and ambitious open-source projects along these lines, they tend to disappear over time, but Arcan on the other hand continues moving forward so far. Ubuntu 16.10 Isn't Going To Use Mir / Unity 8 By Default Well, another setback for Unity 8 and Mir. Kicking off the Ubuntu Online Summit for Ubuntu 16.10, it's been confirmed that the Unity 8 desktop and Mir display server will not be the default for the desktop spin. A Video Of X11 Apps Running On Mir With Ubuntu 16.10 Using Libertine Libertine is the new Ubuntu/Canonical project for running X11 Debian packages on the next-gen Ubuntu desktop powered by Mir and Unity 8. There's now a video of showing off their new tech for running X11 apps under Unity 8. Ubuntu's Mir Display System Is Thinking About "Version 1" Ubuntu/Canonical developers have been discussing plans and requirements for Mir Version 1 including stable ABIs and licenses. Canonical Is Planning For Vulkan Support In Mir By Ubuntu 16.04 With Vulkan now being public, Canonical developer Stephen Webb has confirmed they are planning to have Vulkan platform support ready for Mir by Ubuntu 16.04. Vulkan Support Still Isn't Ready For Ubuntu's Mir Back in February when Vulkan launched as the new Khronos graphics API, Ubuntu developers planned to have Vulkan support in Mir by Ubuntu 16.04 LTS. That didn't happen and since then it has kept getting pushed back. Add A Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Ubuntu News What Do You Hope For Ubuntu Phone In 2017? Fed Up User Announces "Ubuntu Crickets" Mir 0.25 Released: Pointer Confinement, Gamma KMS Support, Libmircore Driver-Free Printing Comes To Ubuntu 17.04, AirPrint Support Ubuntu To Stop Building 32-Bit PowerPC For Future Releases Ubuntu To Begin Making Use Of Swapfiles In Place Of SWAP Partitions Another Veteran Ubuntu Member Is Leaving Canonical Popular News Wine 2.0 Is Looking Like It Will Be A Late January Release Mesa's RADV Vulkan Driver Receives Some Fixes For DOOM The Top BSD News This Year: Ubuntu Atop BSD, FreeBSD 11.0, DragonFly's HAMMER2 Former Valve Developer: Steam Linux Project Was The Hardest Arcan Display Server Working On X.Org / Wayland Compatibility Lineage: Forking CyanogenMod To A New Android Distribution Latest Linux News RadeonSI Patches Boost Deus Ex: MD Performance By ~70% Dawn-CC: Automatically Adding OpenACC/OpenMP Directives To Programs KDE Kirigami UI 2.0 Beta Released: Better Android Integration, QQC2 Focus Linux 4.9/4.10, Solaris Rumors, Graphics Driver News Ended Out 2016 GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Should Tarballs Be On Their Way Out The Door In 2017? Steam's Linux Marketshare Ended Slightly Lower For 2016 Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 Steam's Top Grossing Games Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Featured Articles Happy New Year! That's A Wrap For 2016 With 3,336 New Articles + 248 Reviews/Featured Articles Setting Up A MoCA 2.0 Ethernet-Over-Coax Network, Linux LAN Benchmarks EXT4 / F2FS / Btrfs / XFS On Early Linux 4.10 Kernel NVIDIA CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks For Ending 2016 + cuDNN Caffe AlexNet/Googlenet Running The Intel NUC6i7KYK On Linux With Skylake Iris Pro Graphics Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
The Year of SurpriseDemonetisation news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Demonetisation News Home » Leisure Last Modified: Mon, Dec 26 2016. 06 03 PM IST Top laptops, convertibles for professionals We take a look at some of the most compact and lightweight notebooks and convertibles launched in 2016 Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Abhijit Ahaskar Lightweight notebooks are quite capable of being the primary laptops for work. Increasingly, it is becoming easier to find a lightweight notebooks that are quite capable of being the primary laptops for work. Then there are some which can double up a tablet too. And this is the sort of flexibility that most professionals are looking for, when travelling or while working remotely. Here are some of the best picks starting at as low as Rs15,000. Lenovo Ideapad is one of the bets entry level notebooks. Lenovo Ideapad 100s Rs 14,999 If your workload is limited to few mails, typing out articles, making social media posts and web browsing, the Ideapad is one of the bets entry level notebooks you can get. Despite an all-plastic exterior it doesn’t feel poorly built. The compact size, light form-factor (1kg) and sleek profile, makes it easy to carry around. The 11.6-inch display is sharp (1,366x768p) and big for most of these basic tasks. It runs Windows 10, is powered by Intel’s Atom Z3735F processor paired with 2GB RAM and offers 32GB of storage. Despite the slim profile, it still has two USB ports and memory card slots. Acer One 10 S1001 s available in the vicinity of Rs 20,000. Acer One 10 S1001 Rs 20,649 Buying a convertible isn’t a costly affair anymore. A good one like this is available in the vicinity of Rs 20,000. It comes with a 10.1-inch multi-touch display that can be detached from the keyboard and used as a big screen tablet. The whole device (with the keyboard) weighs 1.3kg while the tablet tips the scales at just 640g. The Acer One 10 is not a power house by any means, but can take care of your day to day tasks with ease. It uses the same Intel Z3735F processor that we saw in the above mentioned Lenovo notebook and runs Windows 10 out of box. What makes this unique is the 500GB hard drive space, more than what many rivals offer. Asus ZenBook Flip Rs 46,990 This is mid-range convertible which offers the look and build quality of a high end Windows laptop. The brushed aluminium exterior adds solidity and keeps the weight in check. It weighs just 1.3kg which is impressive for a 13.3-inch display notebook. It is called Flip because the display can be flipped backwards until its touches the back of the keyboard and used as a single screen tablet. This is the entry level of the Flip and runs on adequately powerful Intel’s 6th gen Core m3 processor known for its low power consumption. Its paired with 4GB RAM. The laptop offers 512GB SSD and claims a battery backup of up to 10 hours. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 offers 12.3-inch full HD (1,920x1080p) display and 128GB SSD. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Rs 73,890 The Surface Pro 4 is a perfect tablet convertible for professionals looking for something really compact and light (weighs just 786g) but powerful enough to handle some heavy tasks from time to time. Powered by Intel’s 6th gen Core i5 processor with 4GB RAM in tow, the Surface Pro 4 offers 12.3-inch full HD (1,920x1080p) display and 128GB SSD. The tablet has metal finish that gives it a premium look while the in-built kickstand allow it to be propelled backwards while you can type away on the detachable Surface type keyboard. The keyboard is sold separately and costs Rs12,490. HP Spectre 13 is an excellent option in terms of looks as well as performance. HP Spectre 13 (123TU) Rs 1,05,090 If price is no constraint and Windows 10 is a major requirement, the Spectre 13 is an excellent option in terms of looks as well as performance. Driven by Intel’s 7th gen Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM and 256GB SSD, this is one of the bets looking productivity laptops in the market. With the lid closed, it measures just 10mm and weighs about 1.1kg, making it one of the lightest and slimmest notebooks in the market right now. The 13.3-inch display offers a resolution of 1,920x1,080p, supports touch and has a layer Gorilla glass 4 to protect it against scratches. Apple MacBook Pro 13 runs on Intel’s 6th gen Core i5 processor. Apple Macbook Pro 13 Rs 1,55,900 Apple’s new MacBook Pro notebook is 23% thinner (14.9mm thick) and about 200g lighter (1.3kg) than its predecessor. The size of the trackpad has been increased and new touchbar has been added right above the keyboard. It provides quick access based on the app that is open on the screen. The MacBook Pro 13 runs on Intel’s 6th gen Core i5 processor paired with 8GB RAM and offers 256GB SSD and a 13-inch display with a resolution of 2,560x1,440p. It runs the latest version of Mac OS. Abhijit Ahaskar Topics: LaptopsProductivity laptopsApple macbook pro 13HP SpectreWindows 10 More From Livemint READ MORE Govt to showcase development schemes at Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas conclave December quarter dented by demonetisation, says Titan HPCL to invest Rs1,200 crore in city gas distribution business First Published: Mon, Dec 26 2016. 02 56 PM IST Editor's Picks Narendra Modi: The man who would purify India Demonetisation takes toll on investment, manufacturing Can Budget 2017 provide a push for growth after demonetisation shock? Latest News Govt to showcase development schemes at Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas conclave December quarter dented by demonetisation, says Titan HPCL to invest Rs1,200 crore in city gas distribution business Deal tracker Is Google helping mobile publishing? Some users are not so sure Mint On Sunday The Asian hornet comes to Britain The maiden novels of Indian languages I swear by the stars in the sky, I’m not going to take any shit from anyone Vitas Gerulaitis served an ace of a punchline What the world’s top chefs like to eat at home Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Newegg Mobile Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event The Best of 2016 What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 41 1962 127 728 990 27 180 318 107 74 739 425 Editor Tested Avegant Glyph, A Personal Theater CarVi, A Smarter Driving Assistant Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Trending Events Ushering in a New You Radio Controlled Tech Deals For Sellers Sell on Marketplace iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Gaming >  Gaming Laptops >  Gaming Laptops >  Acer America >  Item#: N82E16834315794 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery Acer 15.6" E5-575G-58UJ Intel Core i5 6200U (2.30 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 950M 8 GB Memory 256 GB SSD Windows 10 Home Gaming Laptop (Manufacturer Recertified) REFURBISHED This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller NVIDIA GeForce GTX 950M 2 GB Intel Core i5 6200U (2.30 GHz) 8 GB Memory 256 GB SSD 15.6" Full HD 1920 x 1080 15.00" x 10.20" x 0.94"-1.19" 5.27 lbs. Manufacturer Recertified LOADING... Acer 15.6" E5-575G-58UJ Intel Core i5 6200U (2.30 GHz) NVIDIA GeForce GTX 950M 8 GB Memory 256 GB SSD Windows 10 Home Gaming Laptop (Manufacturer Recertified) Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A The Acer Aspire 15 E5-575G-58UJ is a great everyday laptop that delivers performance, features and design at a great price. Designed and optimized for multimedia and gaming, it packs 6th generation Intel Core processor, generous amount of memory, and 15.6" Full HD display driven by a Nvidia GeForce GTX 950M graphics card. The latest connectivity options are included, like USB 3.1 Type C, HDMI, 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. You'll also appreciate the dedicated numeric keypad that crunch number entry, and HD webcam & digital microphone that gear you up for crystal clear video chats without echoes or buzzing. This 15.6" laptop makes everyday better, keeping you entertained or productive whether at home or on the go. Intel Processing Power The Intel Core i5 6200U processor features dual cores and quad threads for responsive operation and smooth multitasking. Based on the latest 14nm Skylake architecture, the i5 6200U is a low voltage processor that is rated at a TDP of 15W, delivering exceptional energy efficiency for less heat generation and extended battery runtime. Dedicated Nvidia Graphics Card Designed for a premium multimedia experience, GeForce GTX 950M accelerates popular photo and video multimedia applications, and delivers sufficient performance for your casual and online gaming. 15.6" Full HD Display 1920x1080 resolution in a 16:9 aspect ratio makes movies more real and dramatic. Small details and text are clear. USB 3.1 Type C Port The USB 3.1 Type C connector features reversible design for proper connection everytime, eliminating frustration and possible port damage. With up to 5Gpbs bandwidth, USB 3.1 (gen 1) is ten times faster than USB 2.0. You can save photos, transfer music and open multi-gigabyte video files in no time with compatible storage. Wireless 802.11ac Up to 3X faster Enjoy wireless data transfer rates of up to three times faster than those of 802.11n. More Flair With added enhancements, you get an even richer media experience. Acer TrueHarmony delivers richer, more lifelike audio. Zip through number entry with the dedicated numeric keypad. The Precision Touchpad is more responsive than traditional touchpads, and also features Palm Rejection tech that ignores unintended motions. Learn more about the Acer America E5-575G-58UJ Model| Brand Acer Series Aspire E Model E5-575G-58UJ Part Number NX.GHHAA.002 Quick Info| Operating System Windows 10 Home CPU Intel Core i5-6200U 2.3 GHz Screen 15.6" Memory 8 GB DDR4 Storage 256 GB SSD Graphics Card GeForce GTX 950M Video Memory 2 GB Dimensions (W x D x H) 15.00" x 10.20" x 0.94"-1.19" Weight 5.27 lbs. CPU| CPU Type Intel Core i5 6th Gen CPU Speed 6200U (2.30 GHz) Number of Cores Dual-core Processor Core Name Skylake CPU L3 Cache 3 MB Display| Screen Size 15.6" Touchscreen No Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type Full HD Resolution 1920 x 1080 LCD Features LED backlight & Acer ComfyView Technology Operating Systems| Operating System Windows 10 Home Graphics| GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 950M Video Memory 2 GB Graphic Type Dedicated Card Storage| SSD 256 GB Memory| Memory 8 GB Memory Slot (Total) 2 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Communications| WLAN 802.11ac Wireless LAN Ports| USB 1 x USB 2.0 2 x USB 3.0 1 x USB 3.1 Type-C HDMI 1 x HDMI General| Style Thin and Light Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power| AC Adapter 90-watt AC adapter Battery 6-cell lithium ion Dimensions & Weight| Dimensions (W x D x H) 15.00" x 10.20" x 0.94"-1.19" Weight 5.27 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 90 days Limited Warranty period (labor): 90 days Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://us.acer.com/| Support Phone: 1-800-816-2237 Support Website| View other products from Acer America Return Policies Return for refund within: Non-refundable Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Replacement Only Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions.Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset compare Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book Wish Lists Email Notifications Subscriptions Orders Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Sell on Newegg Marketplace Shipped by Newegg Become an Affiliate Become a Newegg Vendor Site Map Shop by Brand Product Review Video Center Rebates Trade-In Your Items Mobile Apps Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2017 Newegg Inc.  All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
null
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Trending in Apple Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Trending in Reviews Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] Trending in Apple iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship Trending in Apple Comment: Apple continues to explore bringing the Digital Crown to iPhones & iPads, and I still like the idea March 12, 2016 AAPL: 102.26 1.09 Building a (sub-$1000) Hackintosh that meets the Oculus Rift hardware requirements – Part I Jeff Benjamin - 10 months ago @JeffBenjam how to Mac OS X Elgato Intel Core i5 Gigabyte Comments (39) Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Back at the beginning of March, Oculus CEO Palmer Luckey made controversial statements about Apple’s hardware, specifically the inability of any Mac in Apple’s entire lineup of computers to handle the graphics needs of the upcoming Oculus Rift. At one point in time, Oculus had support for OS X in the pipeline; in fact previous Rift dev kits supported Macs. As time went on, however, it was decided that the Oculus Rift would be Windows-only, at least initially. It’s with Luckey’s comments, and the lack of initial OS X support in mind, that I’ve decided to put together a Hackintosh machine that meets the minimum requirements outlined by Oculus, yet can still run OS X. In theory, this machine could support the Oculus Rift if the necessary software was made available for OS X. It can run the Rift now if you install a Windows partition on it… Minimum hardware requirements for Oculus Rift Here are the minimum requirements as outlined by Oculus: Intel i5-4590 equivalent or greater NVIDIA GTX 970 or AMD 290 equivalent or greater 8GB of RAM HDMI 1.3 (or higher) video output Two USB 3.0 ports Hackintosh build hardware As you can see, the hardware that I’ve selected below meets the requirements outlined above. My goal was to build a Hackintosh for under $1,000 that met the requirements for Oculus. You can feel free to substitute other hardware in to save money. For instance, if you already have a USB 3.0 drive with at least 8GB of capacity, you can use that instead of purchasing a new USB drive. Keep in mind, however, that some items on this list were specifically selected because they meet the minimum requirements outlined for the Oculus Rift. In other words, you don’t want to stray too far, because compatibility issues can arise. Video overview Read Part II In the future, I plan on improving this build with additional RAM, better SSD, etc. Of course, I could always go with a faster graphics card as well, likely something from AMD since those cards provide noticeable performance increases for apps like Final Cut Pro X. It can be tedious, but the beauty of building your own PC is that it’s totally customizable and can be upgraded over time. Intel Core i5-4590 (6M Cache, 3.3 GHz) – $198.99 I opted for an Intel Core i5 processor, because it was relatively inexpensive and still packed a nice punch. Although quite a few in the Hackintosh community have adopted Skylake CPUs to work in their builds, I wanted something that has been tested through and through. More importantly, the Core i5-4590 meets Oculus’ recommended specs. Gigabyte H97 Extreme Multi Graphics Support UEFI DualBIOS Micro ATX DDR3 1600 LGA 1150 Motherboard – $82.99 The folks over at Tonymacx86 recommend this board, which is good enough for me. I decided to go with mATX for expandability, but I almost wish I would have stuck with my first inclination of going Mini-ITX, since it results in a smaller footprint. That said, it’s nice to know that the video card I selected would fit with no issues, and I have lots of room for additional RAM. Crucial Ballistix Tactical 8GB DDR3 1600 MT/s (PC3-12800) – $47.87 Ballistix Tactical RAM is proven to work well in Hackintosh builds. I opted for 8GB, which is Oculus’ minimum requirement. EVGA GeForce GTX 970 4GB SC GAMING, Silent Cooling Graphics Card – $337.99 The GTX 970 meets Oculus’ minimum spec for video cards. It’s also a card that works well in Hackintosh builds. I do plan on at least trying an AMD card since those cards work so much better for Final Cut Pro X. Samsung 850 EVO 250GB 2.5-Inch SATA III Internal SSD –  $86.99 I didn’t need a huge amount of space for a boot drive, so I opted for the 250GB Samsung 850. It’s a proven drive that plays nice with Hackintosh rigs. If you want to spend a more for a larger drive, there are 500GB and 1TB options available as well. TP-LINK TL-WDN4800 Dual Band Wireless N900 PCI Express Adapter,2.4GHz450Mbps/5Ghz 450Mbps – $36.95 Although the TP-LINK works well, it features an Atheros chipset which doesn’t work with OS X’s Continuity features. That’s not a huge deal in my eyes, but there are other options that I plan on considering sometime down the road. IO Gear Bluetooth 4.0 USB Micro Adapter – $11.29 This little guy is cheap, and works out of the box with my Hackintosh build. It lets me connect my Magic Mouse to my Hackintosh with ease. Sentey Xplus Power Supply 725 Watt – $44.99 I went with this power supply because it was cheap and outputs plenty of power for my rig. I cheaped out on this, but I wish I would have gone with a modular power supply that was a bit quieter. This supply works well, but there are cleaner and quieter options available that I plan on investigating in the future. Thermaltake CORE V21 Black Extreme Micro ATX Cube Chassis –  $59.90 There is a ton of room inside of this case and plenty of room for multiple 2.5″ and 3.5″ drives. That being said, this case is a little larger than I expected. Cooler Master Hyper 212 Evo CPU Cooler – $29.40 I wanted a CPU cooler that would keep my processor nice and cool, and I didn’t want to opt for the stock cooler that Intel included with the Core i5. The Cooler Master Hyper 212 Evo has great ratings, and does a good job of keeping the CPU nice and chill. PNY Turbo 32GB USB 3.0 Flash Drive – $9.99 The flash drive is used to house the software tools that you’ll need to get your Hackintosh going. I like these, because they include LED activity lights. Of course, if you already have USB flash drives with at least 8GB of storage, you can skip out on this. Case Speaker for POST – $5.49 The Thermaltake case lacks an on board case speaker, which is a necessity in my opinion. Having a speaker lets you hear beeps for POST, which helps you to troubleshoot the boot process. Since Hackintoshes usually require some granular tinkering, you should definitely add a case speaker to your repertoire if your case lacks one. AmazonBasics Wired Keyboard – $14.64 Unless your Bluetooth keyboard setup has access at the BIOS/UEFI level, chances are you’ll need a hard-wired keyboard. Amazon makes a cheap keyboard, but if you have a USB keyboard somewhere around the house, then just use that one instead. Approximate total hardware cost (as of this post): $968. I’ve created a full wish list that allows you to see all of the products outlined above on a single page. Keep in mind that hardware costs do fluctuate, so it’s entirely possible that the price may be a little bit higher or a little bit lower. Generally speaking, the price should lessen as time goes on. Software OS X El Capitan – Free for Mac users. Note: you will need access to a Mac to create the UniBeast boot disk. UniBeast – Free (Registration required) MultiBeast – Free (Registration required) More to come My main motivation behind this build was to create a workable Mac that featured internal components capable of driving an Oculus Rift. While it’s true that Oculus isn’t planning on supporting the Mac at this time, the point is that there are “Macs” that feature the hardware required to drive the Rift, they just aren’t Macs in the traditional sense. We’re publishing this now, ahead of the build post, so that you can buy the parts needed for building your own and have them ship in time for the next video. In the next post in this series, I’ll walk you through the software install of this Hackintosh build, including any issues or errors that I encountered during the process. As it stands now, I’m fairly happy with this build. It takes patience, but building your very own Hackintosh is a doable feat. Keep in mind that you can also dual boot Windows, which makes for a more than capable gaming rig that can outright drive the Oculus Rift with no issues. Stay tuned for more posts in this series, including a software how to, and additional exploration into the exciting world of Hackintosh. Guides how to View THe Guide Mac OS X View THe Guide Elgato View THe Guide Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Doug Aalseth - 10 months ago Reply This is gonna be fun LikeLike viciosodiego - 10 months ago Reply I would have went with a GTX 980 for better performance, or better yet wait for pascal and buy a gtx 970 for 200 dollars. LikeLiked by 1 person Jeff Benjamin - 10 months ago Reply I would have gone with the 980 if my budget wasn’t an issue. But for this particular build, I wanted to keep it under 1K. LikeLike redevil1987 - 10 months ago Should have went with R9 390, that was one big mistake on your side not to go with AMD LikeLike Tayseer (@taedouni) - 10 months ago Reply I recommend getting a PCI-E Apple Broadcom BCM94360CD for a better experience. LikeLiked by 2 people Jeff Benjamin - 10 months ago Reply Yep. Plan on doing that for sure🙂 LikeLike Sasha (@mbtsasha) - 10 months ago I have OSXWiFi.com one and it works out of the box: http://www.osxwifi.com/apple-broadcom-bcm94360cd-802-11-a-b-g-n-ac-bluetooth-4-0-with-adapter-for-pc-hackintosh LikeLiked by 1 person Jeff Benjamin - 10 months ago Thanks, will check that out. LikeLike Jack Bamford - 10 months ago Reply Nice build. Ive had a hackintosh for years better than a official mac tbh the newer macs are just garbage better off with a Hackintosh. LikeLike Rich Davis (@RichDavis9) - 10 months ago Reply Illegal use of an OS. Great. “roll eyes”. Come on, really? Maybe this article should be posted on 9TO5Hackintosh, or maybe not even written in the first place. LikeLike shareef777 - 10 months ago Reply Grow up. If you don’t like articles like this I suggest not clicking said article. Or better yet, get off the internet … you’ll quickly learn that this article is one of the LEAST offensive ones out there. LikeLiked by 2 people Rich Davis (@RichDavis9) - 10 months ago It still promotes the illegal use of a company’s OS. I’m not the one that needs to grow up. It’s those that promote using software illegally that need to grow up. Showing someone how to violate a company’s licensing agreement is offensive and it’s just not professional conduct. How would you like it if you owned or ran a business and there are people showing and promoting how to essentially steal your products? You are taking the childish role here. Seriously. It’s just as bad as someone showing someone how to install Windows without a legal license, it’s the same violation. LikeLiked by 1 person Neil Murphy - 1 month ago Reply I think if Apple cared they would block it LikeLike Matthew Judy - 10 months ago Reply Very cool… looking forward to seeing how this goes. The one thing that kinda sucks about being a Mac user is that you never get to have fun building your own rig. I get my fix building special-purpose PCs for the occasional client. 🙂 One thing worth mentioning… I imagine you’ll cover this in a future post, but it should be pointed out that using OS X in this way violates the user agreement for that software, and such a build is completely unsupported by Apple. Software updates, in particular, become a real pain when running a Hackintosh. LikeLike vertsub2015 - 10 months ago Reply And this whole article is written to run software that isn’t being made to begin with so let’s not get so stressed out. LikeLike redevil1987 - 10 months ago Reply Wow Jeff, I am surprised here Finally, you have decided to join PCMasterRace lol About time to realize mac have been underpowered and overpriced for years. Congrats on this decent build, and hope you will enjoy a really powerful computer, unlike your previous MacBooks air etc. LikeLiked by 2 people viciosodiego - 10 months ago Reply Macs are overpriced and underpowered. At least they are more stable then windows based crap out there. LikeLike Damian Walusz - 10 months ago Well, EL Captain is stable and OSX overall, this has nothing to do with macs hardware, which is the same as PC hardware. Underpowered and overpriced is a perfect description for all Macs. However, I really have a soft spot for macs because the OSX is super stable. I am a proud owner of MacBook Pro 2010, but all the powerful work is being done on PC of course. LikeLike vertsub2015 - 10 months ago Reply Overpriced can be debated. First, apple machines may not have the most powerful components you can find, but they tend to use newer components than what is on the market. Sure you might find more powerful broadwell chips out there, but using skylake is just going to bump up the price. Second, compare apple’s prices to what sony used to offer and you’ll find that apple was on par if not cheaper. No wonder why vaio went out of business. Third, look at the resale value. No custom build or pre-built rig gets the same return 5+ years later when compared to an apple product. With apple you don’t have to compromise, you just get what you pay for. LikeLike 98cobra - 10 months ago Reply I really don’t know where the Oculus guys were coming off on this. The late 2014 iMac has an AMD 290. I got the upgraded 295 in mine. Its a 5k display, but it has no problem downscaling if necessary. Most games don’t support 5k etc. LikeLike Jonas Engebretsen (@jonen560ti) - 10 months ago Reply not quite. it has the r9 m290, not the full desktop version. quite a bit slower than its big brother LikeLike Mark Granger - 10 months ago Reply “the exciting world of Hackintosh” which is a little too exciting for me. You either have to disable critical security updates or your computer can wreck itself. Even if you do everything right, the time you will spend figuring out and working around issue makes it not worth it. However I do like the implied purpose of this news story: Apple had better release a real desktop computer, not a laptop wrapped in a screen, or it is going to lose market share fast. VR is not some passing fad. It is going to be huge and you can’t do it on a Mac. LikeLiked by 1 person Rich Davis (@RichDavis9) - 10 months ago Reply I’m sure Apple will release new products that will have the proper GPU to run this, it’s just a matter of time. As far as VR? Right now, it’s a small market. I don’t really see it as taking over the world type of product. Look at the failure of GoogleGlass. It failed. Even Sony’s version hasn’t done anything. It’s just not needed by everyone. It’s a novelty gaming device, it reminds me of 3D TV, it was exciting in the beginning, but the reality is that people simply don’t really use 3D glasses when watching TV. I see it as a POTENTIAL device for engineering people, but for anything else? it’s more of a novelty type product. As far as Apple’s concerned, having the GPU is just a matter of time. Right now, Apple is just caught in that time period where they don’t have a computer with the GPU that Oculus requires, but that doesn’t mean they won’t. I’m sure the upcoming MacPro upgrade, when that hits the market, it will will. I also see future laptops and iMacs having powerful enough GPU’s to run things like this, but it’s just a matter of time on when they’ll release those products. It’s not like people are lining up to buy these things. So, there is time, it’s not the end of the world by any stretch of the imagination. Well all see what new Macs are released in the upcoming months. Apple is in the middle of clearing out inventories of current Macs which happens right before a new product refresh. And if it makes you feel any better, I believe Apple is in R&D of their own similar product. When and if they make that announcement is anyone’s guess, but based on recent Tim Cook remarks, they might have something next year. Remember, all of this stuff is very much in it’s infancy. Even Microsoft is only taking orders for $3,000 Development versions of Halolens, and there really aren’t that many games to actually run, so it’s got many years until this market matures. I personally don’t have a NEED for these things. I also don’t know anyone that’s really that interested in them either. Gamers? They will buy anything they can brag about to their friends as that goes with the territory. What cracks me up is they are only using an i5 processor, how special is that? It’s just the GPU, which is forth coming. That’s the ONLY thing that Apple doesn’t have currently. By the end of the year, probably most, if not all, of their products will have been refreshed and we’ll see which ones have the GPU’s to run this specific device, which is only one brand. To say that Apple doesn’t have a REAL computer is just nonsense. They have REAL computers, they just don’t have one with the GPU requirements of this specific device. They have computers with much better CPU’s than this thing needs, so that’s not the issue. It’s just the GPU and nothing else. LikeLiked by 2 people Rich Davis (@RichDavis9) - 10 months ago Reply I have a question. What is the percentage of all of the current PC’s that are in use that have the GPU’s to run this thing? I would say that of ALL of the current PC’s that are owned and in use, that only less than 1% have the requirements to run this thing. That’s not saying much about the PC market either. Most PC’s don’t come with a proper GPU to run this device either, and there are a ton of PC’s that can’t run it. How many laptops are there that have the GPU requirements to run this device? Do you have a list of them? if there are, there’s not a lot of different models and they are most likely very expensive laptops that most people aren’t buying. Has anyone tried to use a PCI card GPU card with a Thunderbolt 2 PCI chassis? I wonder if that would work. Maybe they should try that. LikeLike Jonas Engebretsen (@jonen560ti) - 10 months ago Steam surveys suggest that 5% of steam users have GTX 970`s factor in those who have more powerful Nvidia GPU`s and those who have AMD cards and its likely that at least 10% of steam users fulfill its minimum requirements. though there really isnt an absolute minimum for this thing. as long as you can run the game you wish at 2160×1200 and get 90+ fps, you`re good to go. LikeLike jowens1259 - 10 months ago I just got my son’s approx. 2 year old PC. It is oculus vr ready. I don’t even have a 970 in it. Or a 290. LikeLike Scott Schroeder - 10 months ago Reply Apple should be offering more options to it’s fans for less money. LikeLike Shawn (@oldblue910) - 10 months ago Reply People who build Hackintoshes generally spend more time fixing issues with their computer than they do actually using it. The only reason to actually build one is “because I can.” Beyond that, buy a Mac and actually enjoy using it. LikeLiked by 1 person Brandon Stiefel - 10 months ago Reply I think some former PC owners can’t let go of the “I must have control over the inside parts of my computer” and “There has to always be something I can fix!” mentalities when they switch to Mac. Prior to moving to an iMac, every desktop I owned I built myself. It got to a point where there was always something I could “make better” and I eventually hated using my PC. Now that I’m on a Mac, I just use it. If anything goes wrong, I don’t have to spend hours researching why it broke and how to fix it. That’s what Apple Customer Support is for. My computing time is much less stressful now that I have learned that I don’t “need” to tinker with my computer to use it. P.S. I agree with the commenters above about the article being a little improper. It would be like writing an article saying “Here’s how to download Windows by Bit Torrent and bypass the activation.” Sure, anyone with some knowledge can do it, but I bet any reputable Windows website would frown upon such an article. People don’t buy Macs for gaming. You don’t buy a Ferrari when you need to tow a boat. You buy a pickup truck. So, you need to do gaming or VR stuff? You buy a Windows PC. I don’t understand the whole “I wish I could game on my Mac” crowd. But that’s just me. LikeLiked by 1 person vertsub2015 - 10 months ago You don’t need to download windows via bit torrent. You can just download the installer straight from microsoft and then bypass using your activator of choice. LikeLike Marie-Louise Overgaard - 10 months ago Reply I am sorry, but after having built several Hackintoshes myself, I just don’t agree with your comment. My Hack has been running smoothly from Day 1, I have never had any issue with it. And I use it daily as my main workhorse. LikeLike Grayson Mixon - 10 months ago Reply This isn’t necessarily a bad thing. Some people need a car to just get around. Even if it’s a cool sports car, they just need to get around faster. But for some people, working on their car is a hobby. If it runs perfectly, it’s boring. They are always tinkering, fixing, upgrading, changing out, customizing. It’s fun for them. For the kind of person who builds a computer, fixing it is part of the fun. LikeLike vkd108 - 10 months ago Reply “yet can still run handedly run the Mac OS.” Say, wha? LikeLike Devin Ankeney (@Dankeney13) - 9 months ago Reply Does this build have wifi capabilities or just ethernet? LikeLike Jeff Benjamin - 9 months ago Reply It has Wi-Fi. LikeLike Coleman Reyna - 9 months ago Reply Will increasing the specs change a lot of the install process? Like keeping the motherboard the same, but adding more ram, maybe a 980 (other than driver differences) and adding an i7? It seems to me that motherboards are the culprits hackintosh issues (correct me if I’m wrong). aside from downloading the proper drivers from nvidia, does changing the ram, processor and GPU effect the install process a lot? In other words, would I still be good to follow this tutorial and not experience any issues. I know that this is a vague questions, so here are the exact specs I’d like to see in this build: CPU: any i7 RAM: 32 gb GPU: preferably a 980 LikeLike Melvyn Depeyrot - 1 month ago Reply I’m getting impatient for the build-it video… LikeLike Melvyn Depeyrot - 3 weeks ago Reply Reposting this here : Can I use a amd fx-8350 and gigabyte am3+ mobo instead? LikeLike Melvyn Depeyrot - 1 week ago Reply Never mind… LikeLike Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Neowin Login Sign up News Features Forums Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Review Spectre x360 (2016) review: HP takes its 2-in-1 to the next level By Rich Woods Neowin LLC @@TheRichWoods · Dec 25, 2016 · Hot! with 10 comments Typically, the way for me to test if a laptop is actually usable, is to type a review on it. Every laptop that I've reviewed has taken this test, and the Spectre x360 will be no exception. I can tell you though that it will be fine, as I've been using this device as my daily driver for about a month and a half, as I've felt no need to use anything else for anything other than testing purposes. Needless to say, this is going to be a glowing review of HP's new flagship laptop, because to be honest, it's just a fantastic, well-built laptop. It's not perfect, as no device is, but this is a PC that I think I can recommend to just about anyone. The model that HP sent to me uses a dual-core Intel Core i7, 16GB RAM, and 512GB of storage, so this device is pretty decked out. You can grab it for $1299 from Best Buy or HP.com, although HP.com also offers a 1TB model for $1499, as well as cheaper variants with 8GB of RAM and 256GB of storage. Specs Processor and graphics Intel® Core™ i5-7200U (2.5GHz, up to 3.1GHz, 3MB cache, 2 cores) + Intel® HD Graphics 620 Intel® Core™ i7-7500U (2.7GHz, up to 3.5GHz, 4MB cache, 2 cores) + Intel® HD Graphics 620 Display 13.3" diagonal FHD UWVA BrightView WLED-backlit touch screen (1920 x 1080) Memory 8GB, 16GB Storage 256GB PCIe NVMe M.2 SSD 512GB PCIe NVMe M.2 SSD 1TB PCIe NVMe M.2 SSD Battery 3-cell, 57.8Wh Lithium-ion polymer battery Audio Bang & Olufsen; Quad speakers; HP Audio Boost Networking Intel® 802.11ac (2x2) Wi-Fi® and Bluetooth® 4.2 Combo Ports 2 x USB 3.1 Type-C™ Gen 2 (HP Sleep and Charge, Thunderbolt Gen 3); 1 x USB 3.1 Gen 1 (Type-A); 1 headphone/microphone combo Body 12.03 x 8.58 x 0.54-inches, 2.85-pounds Day one Coming out of the box, it was clear that HP had built a premium laptop. It even comes with a sleeve to carry it in, which comes in handy, even if you're just going to throw it in a bag. Check out the unboxing and first impressions: Design The HP Spectre x360 is one beautiful PC. It features an all-metal design with a nearly edge-to-edge display. The bezels to the sides of the screen are just 5.45mm, compared to 15.12mm on last year's model. There are a number of other improvements over the 2015 model as well. It's 2.1mm thinner, coming in at 13.8mm. The size of the body is smaller as well, with 9.67mm shaved off of each side. Of course, this is allowed by the smaller bezel. Finally, it's 0.35-pounds lighter. The 2016 Spectre x360 has three USB ports, one of which is a standard USB Type-A, and the other two are Thunderbolt 3 capable, USB Type-C ports. Either of the Type-C ports can be used to charge the device and, since they also support Thunderbolt 3, they can be used to power up to two 4K monitors or one 5K monitor per-port. Of course, this laptop uses Intel HD Graphics, so I wouldn't exactly recommend a setup of four 4K or two 5K monitors. But the combination of ports is a winning one, which should keep you away from a dongle-filled life, something that you would get with Apple's new MacBook Pro. The Type-A port is there for all of your legacy peripherals, but then you also get the power and fast data transfer speeds that come with Thunderbolt 3. On the right side, you'll find a volume rocker and on the left, the power button. These are placed on the sides of the device to make it easier to use in tablet mode, which you'd get if you bend the screen all the way back (hence the x360 name). The volume rocker feels well-placed, but the power button does not. It's completely flush with the rest of the body, so it's not easy to find by simply feeling it out. I tend to spend some extra time looking for it when booting up. To be fair, it's not really a big deal. The webcam and Windows Hello camera are both placed above the screen, which I found to be good and bad at the same time. While the monitor is in an upright position, the webcam is in the perfect place; however, when it's in "tent mode", it's now on the bottom, making it hard to talk on video calls or even log in via Windows Hello. x360 OK, so I've referred to tent and tablet modes by this point, so I should probably explain what that all means. HP has a number of products that include the term 'x360', and that means that the display can be folded at 360-degrees. Because of this, you'll generally get four different ways to use the device. At a 90-ish-degree angle, that's your standard laptop mode, and it's probably how you're going to spend the majority of your time. Next, at about 270-degrees, you can place the laptop with the keyboard facing down and the screen facing toward you. The use case of this is about the same as tent mode, which is anywhere between 270- and 360-degrees, where you would stand the PC upright in a 'tent' position. These two modes are great for viewing something on the display. For example, it works well if you're watching a movie on Netflix or something along those lines. Finally, at 360-degrees, you have tablet mode. Personally, I tried to use this for playing games such as Halo: Spartan Assault and Asphalt 8, and to be honest, it's not very comfortable for such uses. The device is a bit heavy and thick for that. If you want a tablet for playing games, get an iPad or a Huawei MateBook. One of very few downsides to the Spectre x360 is that there is no pen support in this model. One of the major use cases for a tablet mode would typically be drawing, which you can still do, but you'd need to use a passive stylus. Windows Hello I have a confession to make; until HP sent me the Spectre x360, I'd never used a PC with facial recognition. I've used iris scanners on Windows phones, such as the Lumia 950 and 950 XL, fingerprint scanners on phones, such as the Alcatel IDOL 4S, and even a phone with an iris scanner and a fingerprint reader, the HP Elite x3. I've even used a fingerprint reader on a Windows PC, the Huawei MateBook. But between all of those devices, I had never used the third form of Windows Hello, which is facial recognition, and it's amazing. All you have to do is be in front of your PC when you're booting it up. I've always felt that a fingerprint reader makes more sense on a phone and facial recognition works better on a PC. After all, your face is in front of the PC when it starts up, and you use a finger to wake your phone. It's fast and it feels natural to log into the Spectre x360 with my face. There was never a single time that it didn't recognize me. In fact, when there were times that I'd be using another PC and I'd boot up the Spectre, I'd just turn around and stick my head in front of it when the lock screen came up, because it was that easy. Windows Hello was easily one of my favorite features of this laptop, and I don't know if I'll ever buy a PC without it ever again. The display As I mentioned earlier, the bezels on this device are incredibly thin, which gives the display a beautiful look. As you've undoubtedly seen from the pictures though, the top and bottom bezels are much larger, which is to make room for the webcam and Windows Hello camera on top. On the bottom, that seems to only make room for the HP logo. The display itself is stunning, and it's about as good as it can be for what it is. OK, let me explain that. The Spectre x360 uses a 13.3-inch 1920 x 1080 IPS LCD. The colors are vibrant; in fact, HP says it has a 72% color gamut. It's a beautiful display, but it's still 1080p, and you will be able to see pixels. It looks far better than other displays of similar sizes and resolution that I've used, but it's not what Apple would call Retina. To compare, the pixel density on the device is 166ppi, but on Microsoft's Surface Book - which uses a 13.5-inch display with a 3000 x 2000 resolution - the pixel density is 267ppi. Personally, I just wish that HP offered an option with a higher resolution because the Spectre x360 is just so close to being the perfect hybrid device. One other thing that I'd prefer on the display - and this is completely a personal preference - is a different aspect ratio. Surface uses 3:2, and even MacBooks use 8:5; 16:9 feels too widescreen on a laptop these days. The keyboard and trackpad I type for a living, so needless to say, I'm picky about the keyboards that I use. This one, however, grew on me quickly. I had no problem at all adopting the Spectre x360 as my daily driver, and I wouldn't mind continuing to use it. HP calls it an edge-to-edge keyboard, and it's about as wide as the display. The keys travel 1.3mm, which is just a bit more shallow than a standard 1.5mm, but you won't notice the difference. This keyboard is super comfortable to type on, and as I noted earlier, I'm using it to type this review. The glass trackpad is also awesome. I'm more of a mouse guy, but when I began using the Spectre x360, I immediately found it to be smooth and comfortable to use. Audio The Spectre x360 uses Bang & Olufsen speakers, which you'll find in a lot of HP's products these days. Naturally, they sound great. They're no substitute for standalone speakers, but you'll certainly find that they're much louder and the sound quality is much better than your average laptop. This device has four speakers, two above the keyboard and two on the bottom of the PC. This was a bit of an ingenious design on HP's part, as it allows for great audio quality no matter how you're using the device. For example, if you have it in tent mode, the speakers on the keyboard are now facing away from you, while the one underneath is now facing toward you. If you're really an audiophile, you're still going to want to use your favorite speakers, but for most people, you'll probably be happy with the B&O ones that ship with the Spectre x360. Some notes about software One thing that really bothers me about this laptop is that the Windows 10 Anniversary Update (AU) isn't yet available for it. It shouldn't bother me, since there are any number of ways to get it, such as force-upgrading it, enrolling in the Release Preview ring of the Insider Program, or doing a clean install with the Media Creation Tool, but it just feels weird that it's been almost five months since the AU shipped and HP still hasn't rolled it out for its new flagship laptop. Indeed, this Spectre x360 is still running Windows 10 version 1511. For the purposes of reviewing the laptop, I chose to stick with the out of box experience. And by the way, that should say something about the software experience on this device, because on most laptops, I would do a clean install after getting a feel for the stock experience. As far as pre-installed software goes, it's very minimal on the Spectre x360. The only third-party app that comes with it is McAfee LiveSafe, which I found easy to uninstall. And to be clear, I do recommend uninstalling it, as it's an annoying app and there are better ways to protect your PC. Then there are the standard HP apps, such as HP Support Assistant, which is where you'll be able to update the drivers on the device. HP Recovery Manager and HP Recovery Media Creation are pretty self-explanatory. Performance and battery life I've been very pleased with the performance of the Spectre x360. As I've stated a few times, I've used it as my daily driver, meaning that I've written many articles on it, done my normal light Photoshop work, and compiled apps for the Windows Store. I find that in day-to-day use, the performance far exceeds my Surface Pro 3 (Core i7, 8GB RAM), which is my regular laptop daily driver. But battery life really blew me away. First of all, HP promises 15 hours, which I didn't expect to get, and neither should you. The battery life estimates that most OEMs report are measured under optimal conditions. However, I had no trouble getting a full day's work out of it, which is to say between 8-10 hours. This exceeds any machine that I've used that uses Intel's sixth-generation Skylake processors. If you ask me, it really speaks to the quality of the seventh-generation Kaby Lake chips that are going out now, and powers this machine. I used PCMark to benchmark the device. I performed three tests: baseline, creative, and work. Naturally, the baseline test is a sort of overall test, while creative checks things like video editing and such, and work is for productivity, such as documents and spreadsheets. Baseline Creative Work Conclusion If you've been following along, then you probably know how this conclusion is going to go. The HP Spectre x360 is definitely among the best laptops on the market right now. It's pretty inexpensive as well, starting at $1,149 but offering 16GB RAM, 512GB storage, and a Core i7 for just $1,299. Of course, there are more powerful alternatives, such as larger quad-core machines or laptops with a dedicated GPU. There are also PCs with pen support and displays with higher resolution. But this device is simply a great all-around PC. I'd love it if HP decided to introduce new models that offered the things I just mentioned, but unless you need them specifically, you're good to go with the Spectre x360. This is a device that I can recommend to almost anyone.   Gallery: HP Spectre x360 Tags Hp Spectre x360 Microsoft Windows 10 Review Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Lenovo Phab 2 Pro review: The first Google Tango phone is a one-trick pony Next Story Lineage OS to continue the work of the CyanogenMod community Related Stories 7 Days: A week of Microsoft updates, more Yahoo hoohah, and Apple Watch wah-wah-waaahhh Dec 17, 2016 Lenovo Yoga Book (Windows) review: Windows Ink shines, but it won't be your next laptop Dec 10, 2016 · Hot! Microsoft cuts $250 off the ASUS ZenBook Flip UX360CA-UBM1T Signature Edition 2 in 1 PC Dec 10, 2016 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Netflix offline, and Nokia Android anticipation Dec 3, 2016 · Hot! deals PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $69.00 88% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Wireless Charging Pad for Qi-Enabled Devices $68.00 $18.99 72% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Show Comments 10 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Tweakers Frontpage Nieuws Reviews Pricewatch Vraag & Aanbod Forum Meer Video Downloads IT Banen IT Pro Profielen Tweakblogs Acties Word Abonnee Over Tweakers 0 Account Inloggen Registreren settings vergelijk items0 Zoeken Inloggen Registreren Wij stellen technologie op de proef 29,3K 78,3K Cookies op Tweakers Tweakers maakt gebruik van cookies, onder andere om de website te analyseren, het gebruiksgemak te vergroten en advertenties te tonen. Door gebruik te maken van deze website, of door op 'Ga verder' te klikken, geef je toestemming voor het gebruik van cookies. Wil je meer informatie over cookies en hoe ze worden gebruikt, bekijk dan ons cookiebeleid. Ga verder Meer informatie Software-update: HandBrake 1.0.0 Door Bart van Klaveren, zondag 25 december 2016 12:09, 21 reacties • Feedback Bron: HandBrake Na meer dan dertien jaar van ontwikkeling en meer dan een jaar later dan oorspronkelijk de bedoeling was, is versie 1.0 van HandBrake verschenen. Dit opensourceprogramma, dat beschikbaar is voor Windows, Linux en macOS, kan filmbestanden omzetten naar bestanden met onder meer een h.264-, h265- of mpeg4-beeldindeling en een aac-, ac3-, mp3- of Ogg Vorbis-geluidsindeling. De changelog voor deze uitgave kan hieronder worden gevonden. General New online documentation at https://handbrake.fr/docs Completely overhauled the official presets New general use presets for broad compatibility New device presets, now more up-to-date for common devices New web presets New Matroska (MKV) presets, including VP9 video with Opus audio Official presets from HandBrake 0.10.x are still available under "Legacy" New JSON-based preset system including command line support New JSON-based API for interacting with libhb Improvements to audio/video sync engine to better handle difficult sources Many miscellaneous bug fixes and improvements (over 1700 code commits!) Video VP9 video encoding via libvpx Intel QuickSync Video H.265/HEVC encoder Requires Intel Skylake or newer CPU Ultra HD / 4K color pass through (support for BT.2020) Additional standard frame rate selections in the graphical interfaces New Auto anamorphic mode maximizes storage resolution, replaces Strict anamorphic mode New Pad filter (command line only for now) New Decomb/Deinterlace filter settings and improved defaults Rotate filter now available in all graphical interfaces New NLMeans filter tunes Tape and Sprite for analog tape recordings and vintage video games, respectively Assembly optimizations NLMeans filter improve performance up to 10% Assembly optimizations in x264 encoder improve performance for faster presets by 5-10% x265 encoder quality improvements, especially when using tune grain High bit depth encoding support via external shared libraries (video pipeline is still 8-bit 4:2:0) x264 10-bit x265 10-bit and 12-bit Audio Opus audio encoding/decoding via libopus Passthru now supports E-AC-3, FLAC, and TrueHD audio formats Subtitles Improved subtitles rendering for some languages via HarfBuzz Miscellaneous subtitles improvements Command line interface Presets can now be imported and exported from the command line and are compatible with the graphical interfaces Queue exported from the graphical interfaces can now be imported by the command line interface (Linux and Windows only for now) Build system Add scripts to manually build and install Mac and MinGW-w64 (compile for Windows on Linux) toolchains Add support for multiple source URLs for third-party downloads Add SHA256 hash verification for third-party downloads Add configure parameter to disable or filter allowed third-party downloads (see configure --help) Use HTTPS everywhere; the few cases where a third-party does not provide packages over https, handbrake.fr does New targets on Mac to install and uninstall after building Add flatpak packaging support (experimental) Third-party libraries Updated libraries FreeType 2.6.5 (subtitles) Fontconfig 2.12.1 (subtitles) FriBidi 0.19.7 (subtitles) Libav 12 (encoding/decoding/muxing) libass 0.13.2 (subtitles) libbluray 0.9.3 (Blu-ray decoding) libmfx v6.0.0 (Intel QuickSync Video encoding/decoding) libvpx 1.5.0 (VP8/VP9 video encoding) x264 148 r2708 (H.264/AVC video encoding) x265 2.1 (H.265/HEVC video encoding) New libraries HarfBuzz 1.3.0 (subtitles) libopus 1.1.3 (Opus audio encoding) Linux Add options for saving and loading queue files Removed system tray icon due to performance issues on Ubuntu Usability improvements Miscellaneous bug fixes Mac Updated all tooltips Added undo/redo support to the graphical interface Improved drag and drop support Added Open Recent to the File menu Added Add Titles to Queue... to the File menu (batch queueing) Preview prompts to open in an external application when the internal player does not support the format Preview now displays volume and audio/subtitles language selection during playback Picture and Filters settings are now part of the main window Settings are preserved when selecting a new title (instead of reloading the last selected preset) Improved support for importing/exporting comma-separated (.csv) chapter markers Queue is now automatically paused when available disk space is low When Done action can now be changed directly from the Queue window When Done notification is now interactive (reveals the encoded file in Finder) Activity Log window is now searchable (press "?"+"f" to activate) XQuartz is no longer required for subtitle burn-in Updated Sparkle software update library Enabled DSA signature checking for improved security Usability improvements Miscellaneous bug fixes Windows Graphical interface now uses libhb directly, instead of sending commands to the command line interface Encoding can now be paused and resumed Stopping encoding will finalize the partial file to be playable Reduced installer and install size The command line interface is no longer included in the graphical interface installer Update checker now verifies the signature of the update file for improved security Added support for quality-based audio encoding Added ability to import tab-separated (.tsv), XML (.xml), and plain text (.txt) chapter markers Improved the "configure default" options for audio and subtitles Default audio track behavior is now configurable Subtitles burn-in behavior is now configurable Removed DirectX Video Acceleration (DXVA) hardware-accelerated video decoding Was causing many issues without providing sufficient improvement to decoding efficiency May be added again at a later date if performance and stability improves Usability improvements Miscellaneous bug fixes Delen Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Design en multimedia Asus RT-AC87U 3.0.0.4.380.4180 NOD32 Antivirus / Internet Security 10.0.386.4 Gerelateerde producten HandBrake geen prijs bekend Versienummer: 1.0.0 Releasestatus: Final Besturingssystemen: Windows 7, Linux, Windows XP, macOS, Windows Vista, Windows 8, Windows 10 Website: HandBrake Download: https://handbrake.fr/downloads.php Bestandsgrootte: 10,06MB Licentietype: GPL Updategeschiedenis 30-12 HandBrake 1.0.1 25-12 HandBrake 1.0.0 02-'16 HandBrake 0.10.5 01-'16 HandBrake 0.10.3 06-'15 HandBrake 0.10.2 03-'15 HandBrake 0.10.1 11-'14 HandBrake 0.10.0 08-'14 HandBrake 0.10 bèta 2 08-'14 HandBrake 0.10 bèta 1 05-'13 HandBrake 0.9.9 Moderatie-faq• Wijzig weergave Sorteer op: Kwaliteit - beste threads eerst Kwaliteit - slechtste threads eerst Tijd - oudste threads eerst Tijd - nieuwste threads eerst Weergave: Threaded Plat Reacties (21) -121021+113+20+30Ongemodereerd3 1 2 Volgende +1 dasiro 25 december 2016 12:29 het is maar pas bij het lezen van de features en changelog dat je beseft wat voor een jungle het audio/video-landschap toch is Reageer +1 JackDashwood @dasiro • 25 december 2016 12:44 Valt wel mee toch? Voor video is H.264 zo goed als de standaard met het nieuwere H.265 die langzaam maar zeker steeds iets beter geïmplementeerd wordt door de x265 encoder. Qua audio is Dolby wel de standaard en beste qua compatibiliteit. Voor thuisgebruik is AAC ook prima te gebruiken. Qua settings voor de x264 encoder moet ik je wel gelijk geven, dat kan een enorme jungle zijn. Reageer +1 gjmi @JackDashwood • 25 december 2016 14:01 Dat jij niet alles gebruikt is één ding. Handbrake ondersteund veel meer dan wat je opnoemt. H.264 is behoorlijk standaard maar niet overal op af te spelen. Dolby is ook niet overal af te spelen. Het is dus maar net wat je nodig hebt. Ik zie zo gauw 7 standaard encoding video formaten die ondersteund worden. En nog meer containers en formaten worden volgens mij ondersteund voor het decoden. En dan praten we nog niet eens over de audio formaten die ieder zelf nog weer allerlei opties hebben. En de ondertitel formaten? En dat is alleen nog wat Handbrake ondersteund. Als je het over het hele audio/video landschap hebt, dan heb je nog factoren(!) meer. Dus ja, het is wel een beetje een jungle. [Reactie gewijzigd door gjmi op 25 december 2016 14:03] Reageer +1 Interstellar 25 december 2016 17:27 Superprogramma. Vergt wel wat studie, maar als je het eenmaal door hebt een geweldige videotool. Maar lees ik nou goed dat je minimaal een SkyLake CPU nodig hebt om x265 te encoden? Dus met mijn SandyBridge Core i7 lukt dat niet? Reageer +1 TimMer @Interstellar • 25 december 2016 22:49 Dat zal op hardware encoding slaan. Reageer 0 kamisama @Interstellar • 26 december 2016 21:30 Lukt perfect met je CPU, alleen zonder quicksync dan. Quicksync is de term die intel gebruikt om hardware acceleratie door de gpu aan te geven. Die functie is met skylake geïntroduceerd. Dus heb je voor quicksync te gebruiken een skylake of nieuwer nodig. Maar is die functie niet aanwezig, doet handbrake het wel gewoon zonder quicksync hoor. Reageer +1 NotLikeTheOther 25 december 2016 12:27 Wow, na al die tijd 1.0 bereikt, petje af! Gebruik het bijna dagelijks, geweldig programma! Reageer +1 devil-strike 25 december 2016 12:30 Goed programma, alleen het cutten van reclames is nu niet sterke punt van handbrake. blijf dus nog wel even bij staxrip. Reageer 0 RoestVrijStaal @devil-strike • 27 december 2016 02:25 Met een strijkbout kun je ook geen wortels snijden Handbrake doet enkel conversie van Container A met formaat Y naar Container B met formaat X. Niets uitknippen of dergelijks. Tenzij voor jouw alles al in hoofdstukken is ingedeeld (wat onwaarschijnlijk is) Reageer 0 devil-strike @RoestVrijStaal • 27 december 2016 09:54 Je kan dacht ik wel knippen, alleen moet je dit met time codes gaan doen, oftewel geen doen. Reageer +1 DarkSim1986 25 december 2016 12:49 super tool voor tal van zaken 👌 Reageer +1 XVI 25 december 2016 14:09 Ben erg blij met de opus-ondersteuning. Nu hoef ik niet meer met ffmpeg ernaast aan de slag. Het is namelijk de ideale codec voor films en series: hoge kwaliteit, lage bitrate, hybride stem- en muziek-modus, voorzien van surround-optimalisaties en volledig open en gratis. Voor archiveren zijn de nieuwe lossless codecs met hoge sampling rate erg fijn maar voor de overige gebruiken zorgt dit voor een flinke toename in de bestandsgrootte en eigenlijk heb je er bij het meeste materiaal vrijwel niets aan. Reageer +1 Compunologist 25 december 2016 19:27 Improvements to audio/video sync engine to better handle difficult sourcesVroeger redelijk veel sync problemen gehad met HandBrake resultaten maar ik moet zeggen dat het de laatste tijd goed gaat. Reageer +1 TimMer 25 december 2016 21:27 Respect voor de enorme inzet van de developers! Reageer 0 fbax 25 december 2016 12:31 Hoe kan een ontwikkeling van een programma 13 jaar duren en dan toch ondersteuning bieden aan nieuwe codex etc? Dat is toch een sterks staaltje agile? Reageer +1 alexvanniel @fbax • 25 december 2016 12:36 Het is niet zo dat in die 13 jaar er geen updates zijn geweest. Wat hier bedoeld wordt is dat er na 13 jaar eindelijk een 1.0.0 versie is. In de tussen tijd is er een hele schare aan 0.x.x releases geweest waarbij er steeds nieuwe codecs, features en fixes zijn toegvoegd. Reageer +1 Krokant @fbax • 25 december 2016 12:37 Ik weet niet of dat met agile te maken heeft, maar eerder met proberen relevant te blijven. Misschien is het net omdat ze niet agile/devopsie werkten dat het zo lang geduurd heeft in het snel evoluerende audio/video landschap? Staat er dus los van if you ask me... Reageer 0 alt-92 @fbax • 25 december 2016 12:37 DRINK! (Buzzword bingo drinking game) Reageer 0 stier 25 december 2016 12:18 Hehe, eindelijk. Reageer 1 2 Volgende Om te kunnen reageren moet je ingelogd zijn Reactie formulier Reageer: Asus RT-AC87U 3.0.0.4.380.4180 NOD32 Antivirus / Internet Security 10.0.386.4 Nintendo Switch Google Pixel Sony PlayStation VR Samsung Galaxy S8 Apple iPhone 7 Dishonored 2 Google Android 7.x Watch_Dogs 2 Adverteren Contact Weergaveopties Over Tweakers Jouw privacy Algemene voorwaarden Cookies Feedback Volg @tweakers Like Tweakers Rss-feeds © 1998 - 2017 de Persgroep Online Services B.V. • Tweakers vormt samen met o.a. Autotrack en Carsom.nl de Persgroep Online Services B.V. • Hosting door True
Blue Sky Innovation Technology How Apple alienated Mac loyalists Mac Pro Noah Berger / Bloomberg Philip Schiller, senior vice president of worldwide marketing at Apple, introduces the Mac Pro during a launch event in San Francisco on Oct. 23, 2013.  Philip Schiller, senior vice president of worldwide marketing at Apple, introduces the Mac Pro during a launch event in San Francisco on Oct. 23, 2013.  (Noah Berger / Bloomberg) Mark GurmanBloomberg To die-hard fans, Apple's Macintosh sometimes seems like an afterthought these days. Mac upgrades, once a frequent ritual, are few and far between. The Mac Pro, Apple's marquee computer, hasn't been refreshed since 2013. The affordable and flexible Mac mini was last upgraded in 2014. And when a new machine does roll out, the results are sometimes underwhelming, if not infuriating, to devotees. In October, after more than 500 days without an update, Apple unveiled the new MacBook Pro, with a slimmer design and louder speakers. The laptop garnered mostly favorable reviews from the technology press but grumbles from creative types, a key constituency, who said the device under-performed rival products. Interviews with people familiar with Apple's inner workings reveal that the Mac is getting far less attention than it once did. They say the Mac team has lost clout with the famed industrial design group led by Jony Ive and the company's software team. They also describe a lack of clear direction from senior management, departures of key people working on Mac hardware and technical challenges that have delayed the roll-out of new computers. MacBook Pro touch strip makes your laptop work more like an iPhone Tribune news services Apple unveiled long-awaited updates to its Mac computers Thursday, aiming to spark consumer interest in a product line often overshadowed by newer gadgets like the iPad and iPhone. The breakout feature is, as widely speculated, a new touch-sensitive panel on the MacBook Pro, Apple's top-of-the-line... Apple unveiled long-awaited updates to its Mac computers Thursday, aiming to spark consumer interest in a product line often overshadowed by newer gadgets like the iPad and iPhone. The breakout feature is, as widely speculated, a new touch-sensitive panel on the MacBook Pro, Apple's top-of-the-line... (Tribune news services) While the Mac generates about 10 percent of Apple sales, the company can't afford to alienate professional designers and other business customers. After all, they helped fuel Apple's revival in the late 1990s. In a stinging critique, Peter Kirn, founder of a website for music and video creators, wrote: "This is a company with no real vision for what its most creative users actually do with their most advanced machines." If more Mac users switch, the Apple ecosystem will become less sticky-opening the door to people abandoning higher-value products like the iPhone and iPad. People now have more options. Microsoft, once derided by Mac loyalists for its clunky, buggy software, offers Windows 10, which provides the tablet type functionality Apple pioneered with the iPad. Microsoft's Surface computers offer Apple-esque quality and a well-reviewed creative paint program aimed at the Mac's audience. Sensing an opportunity, Microsoft called the MacBook Pro a "disappointment" and said more users than ever were switching to its Surface laptops. An Apple spokesman declined to comment. However, the company has said the Macintosh remains one of its most important products and denies it takes a back seat to other gadgets. Four years ago at Apple's annual developer conference, marketing chief Phil Schiller pledged to keep the computer front and center in the company's product arsenal. "Nobody turns over their entire line as quickly and completely as we do at Apple," Schiller said. "We're really proud of the engineering team and the work they do to do this quick so you can get the exact product you need." Two years later, the company held a 30th birthday party for the Macintosh, a splashy event that featured a OneRepublic concert at Apple's Cupertino, California headquarters. The company also created a website celebrating the Mac's history. Nokia sues Apple to escalate mobile-patent licensing battle Nate Lanxon, Ian King and Joel Rosenblatt Nokia sued Apple saying the iPhone maker infringed several mobile patents, turning simmering tension between the companies into a bitter public legal battle on multiple fronts. The Espoo, Finland-based company said Apple agreed to license patented inventions in 2011 but has refused to extend those... Nokia sued Apple saying the iPhone maker infringed several mobile patents, turning simmering tension between the companies into a bitter public legal battle on multiple fronts. The Espoo, Finland-based company said Apple agreed to license patented inventions in 2011 but has refused to extend those... (Nate Lanxon, Ian King and Joel Rosenblatt) To be fair, Apple depends on Intel Corp., which still makes key chips for Macs. Like the rest of the PC industry, Apple's innovation and product cycles are sometimes constrained by when Intel produces new chips-a process that's getting more difficult. Making a laptop stand out is also harder these days. But when Apple has tried to leapfrog the competition, it has fallen short. Take the company's attempt to create a longer-lasting battery for the MacBook Pro. Apple engineers wanted to use higher capacity battery packs shaped to the insides of the laptop versus the standard square cells found in most machines. The design would have boosted battery life. In the run-up to the MacBook Pro's planned debut this year, the new battery failed a key test, according to a person familiar with the situation. Rather than delay the launch and risk missing the crucial holiday shopping season, Apple decided to revert to an older design. The change required roping in engineers from other teams to finish the job, meaning work on other Macs languished, the person said. The new laptop didn't represent a game-changing leap in battery performance, and a software bug misrepresented hours of power remaining. Apple has since removed the meter from the top right-hand corner of the screen. In the Mac's heyday, people working on new models could expect a lot of attention from Ive's team. Once a week his people would meet with Mac engineers to discuss ongoing projects. Mac engineers brought prototypes to Ive's studio for review, while his lieutenants would visit the Mac labs to look at early concepts. Those visits have become less frequent since the company began focusing more on more-valuable products like the iPhone and iPad, and the change became even more obvious after the design team's leadership was shuffled last year, according to a person familiar with the situation. In another sign that the company has prioritized the iPhone, Apple re-organized its software engineering department so there's no longer a dedicated Mac operating system team. There is now just one team, and most of the engineers are iOS first, giving the people working on the iPhone and iPad more power. That's part of a broader shift toward making Macs more like iPhones. Apple prioritizes features, like thinness and minimal ports, that sell its iPhones and iPads, which generated about 75 percent of revenue this year. Those are contrary to professional needs, like maximum computing power. Early prototypes of the 12-inch MacBook used the iPhone's Lightning connector, although this was ditched for a more standard USB-C port. There was even a gold MacBook Pro planned, but this was shelved because the color didn't look good on such a large product. The inside story of Apple's $14 billion tax bill Gaspard Sebag, Dara Doyle and Alex Webb "The Maxforce" is the European Union team that ordered Ireland to collect billions of euros in back taxes from Apple Inc., rattled the Irish government, and spurred changes to international tax law. You'd think it might have earned the name by applying maximum force while investigating alleged... "The Maxforce" is the European Union team that ordered Ireland to collect billions of euros in back taxes from Apple Inc., rattled the Irish government, and spurred changes to international tax law. You'd think it might have earned the name by applying maximum force while investigating alleged... (Gaspard Sebag, Dara Doyle and Alex Webb) In recent years, Apple managers have also become more likely to float two or more competing ideas, meaning designers and engineers must work on more than one concept at a time. In the past, managers pushed a more singular vision. Engineers are now "asked to develop multiple options in hopes that one of them will be shippable," a person familiar with the matter said. When the company was developing the first 12-inch MacBook, Apple tested two primary prototypes. One, known internally as Stealth Fighter, was lighter. The second, a slightly less ambitious design known as Stealth Bomber, was heavier. The lighter model prevailed, but with engineers developing and testing two competing concepts, they had less time to figure out how to cram all the electronics into a thin slab of aluminum that would hold together. In the end, Apple shipped the laptop in 2015, months after its 2014 goal. For a 2016 MacBook update, some Apple engineers wanted to add a Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a second USB-C port (which would have made some power users happy). The update instead included a new rose gold color option alongside a standard speed increase. The internal turmoil has taken a toll. More than a dozen engineers and managers working on Mac hardware have left for different Apple teams or other companies in the past year and a half, said people familiar with the situation. Some were looking for a less all-consuming work environment, while others felt the future of Mac hardware was unclear in a world of iPhones and iPads. In 2013, Apple launched a redesigned Mac Pro, a black cylinder with bright white LED lights. It was a powerful desktop machine created partly to cast a halo over the entire Macintosh lineup. The Mac Pro was also the first Apple computer in years to be assembled in the U.S. Under pressure from politicians to create manufacturing jobs at home, Apple was looking to score political points. The decision caused production headaches though. The Mac Pro's glossy exterior and chrome beveled edges meant Apple had to make its own manufacturing tools and then train people to run those machines in an assembly plant. This slowed production and constrained Apple's ability to make enough computers to meet demand. Three years on, the Mac Pro is ripe for an upgrade with its chips and connector ports lagging rival products. Because of the earlier challenges, some Apple engineers have raised the possibility of moving production back to Asia, where it's cheaper and manufacturers have the required skills for ambitious products, according to a person familiar with those internal discussions. The political environment is tougher for such a move now. During his campaign, President-elect Donald Trump hammered Apple for building most of its products overseas and since his election he has pushed other companies to keep some jobs in the U.S. Still, Apple hasn't given up on Macs. In a recent company Q&A session, employees asked whether Mac desktop computers remain strategically important. "We have great desktops in our roadmap. Nobody should worry about that," Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said, according to a transcript of the discussion obtained by Bloomberg News. The latest MacBook Pro has a "Touch Bar," a thin touchscreen built into the keyboard that lets users quickly access app shortcuts, change system settings, and pick emojis. The laptop also has Touch ID to speed up online purchases and a giant trackpad for easier gesture control. Apple designers are already exploring standalone keyboards with the touch strip and a fingerprint reader for desktops. Apple will decide whether to release these based on how well the features do on the MacBook Pro. Mac fans shouldn't hold their breath for radical new designs in 2017 though. Instead, the company is preparing modest updates: USB-C ports and a new Advanced Micro Devices Inc. graphics processor for the iMac, and minor bumps in processing power for the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro. Cue the outrage. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Apple Inc. Apple iPhone Microsoft Corporation Microsoft Surface Intel Corp. Tim Cook Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 39°
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan ​The best Linux laptop: The 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell's fifth-generation, open-source developer laptop isn't just good, it's great. By Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols for Linux and Open Source | December 18, 2016 -- 22:00 GMT (14:00 PST) | Topic: Hardware Make no mistake about it: The 2016 Dell XPS 13 Developer Edition laptop is wonderful. It's fast. Its display is gorgeous. And, at less than three pounds, you can carry and code with it anywhere. But, oh, that price tag! The Dell XPS 13 Developer Edition is a Linux programmer's dream machine. sjvn First, here's the good stuff. This is a really sweet design. The display bezel is only a quarter of an inch thick. This is as close to a real "edge-to-edge" display than I've ever seen. The 13.3-inch display itself is also sweet. It's a 3,200×1,800 touchscreen. For those playing along at home, that's 280 pixels per inch -- 40 more than my prized 2015 Chromebook Pixel and 60 more than a MacBook Pro with Retina. The display is powered by Intel's Iris 540 GPU. It looks, in a word, great. At 13.3 inches, the screen is a bit small for my taste, but I'm not complaining. There's one oddity here. To maximize the screen real-estate while leaving as little bezel as possible, the 720p webcam ended up in the bottom-left corner of the display. It matters less in practice than I thought it would, but it's still a little odd. The system itself is powered by a dual-core, 2.2GHz 6th-generation Intel Core i7-6560U Skylake processor. This is one fast system. It's meant for developers -- and they need all the speed they can get. It boasts 16GBs of DDR3 RAM and a half a terabyte PCIe solid state drive (SSD). This also helps make it a fast system. How fast? Using the installed Ubuntu Linux 14.04.3 with its developer tools, I was able to compile its Linux 3.19 kernel in about three minutes. If I'd optimized my tools, I think I could have dropped that to less than two minutes. Of course, you can compile Linux faster. To really compile in a hurry, try an Intel Xeon E5 chip. But on a laptop? I don't think you're going to do much better. The XPS 13 offers just two USB 3.0 ports: A Thunderbolt 3/USB 3.1 Type-C port, and a DisplayPort 1.2 video output port. It also comes with an SD card reader and an audio jack. I'm not sure what the Thunderbolt port is doing there. (Does anyone use Thunderbolt now?) But the USB 3.1 side of the chipset will get used. There are no HDMI or Ethernet ports. On the other hand, with the built-in Intel 8260 Wi-Fi chipset, maybe you don't need the Ethernet port anyway. The built-in Wi-Fi supports both 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.1. cnet Best Budget Laptops Of 2016 The era of the Netbook may be long gone but you can still find their successors. Read More The Wi-Fi is much better in this model than it was in earlier versions of the Dell XPS 13. These models, with their Broadcom Wi-Fi chipsets, often proved troublesome. The keyboard is a pleasure to use. I'm not crazy about the touchpad, but then I've never met one I really liked. Give me a ThinkPad TrackPoint any day. Dell claims the XPS 13, with its 56wHR, 4-cell battery, has about a 12-hour battery life. Guess what? It does. I was impressed, too. The hardware is only part of the story here. Besides using Ubuntu 14.04 as its default operating system, this system is designed for developers. If you just need a system to roam the web or to do day-in and day-out office work, look elsewhere. This is a laptop by programmers for programmers. Dell will be offering the XPS 13 with the latest long-term support version of Ubuntu 16.04 later this year. In the meantime, you can also update the existing model to Ubuntu 16.04 or any other desktop Linux distribution that strikes your fancy, such as Mint 18. The price reflects this high-end goal. An ordinary XPS 13 with a Core i3 processor and Windows 10 Home starts at $799. The entry-level XPS 13 Developer Edition, with 8GB of RAM, 256GB SSD, and an Intel HD Graphics 520 chipset costs $1,099. The next model up features Intel Iris Graphics 540 and costs $1,649.99. Finally, the top-of-the-line model, which is what I reviewed, comes with 16GB of RAM and a 512GB SSD, and it will cost you $2,079. If you're a serious programmer, it's worth the money. Related Stories: Dell offers new Ubuntu Linux workstation laptop Librem 15, the first free software GNU/Linux laptop Linux Mint 18: The best desktop -- period Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Laptops CES 2017: Dell's killer new XPS 13 2-in-1 Hardware CES 2017: Announcements to expect from this year's show Mobility Samsung continues to add flagship specs to its Galaxy A line Hardware Clean Slate: A museum-quality custom case design from Jeffrey Stephenson × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
null
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Monday, January 02, 2017, 8:17 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Fans fear the Mac not a priority for Apple By MARK GURMAN BLOOMBERG NEWS This article was published December 26, 2016 at 5:45 a.m. PHOTO BY BLOOMBERG PHOTO / NOAH BERGER Philip Schiller, senior vice president of worldwide marketing at Apple, introduces the Mac Pro during a launch event in San Francisco on Oct. 23, 2013. Comments aAFont Size To die-hard fans, Apple's Macintosh sometimes seems like an afterthought these days. This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: Fans fear the Mac not a priority for Apple Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Nasdaq hits a high as indexes rise Cuba's GDP slips almost 1% in 2016 Business news in brief At university lab, students adapt toys for di... Fans fear the Mac not a priority for Apple 3-D people an innovative take on selfies Eyewear builder sees tech in future From entrepreneurial services to farming, use... Nano-batteries spark big dreams More Business stories > Comments on: Fans fear the Mac not a priority for Apple To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Under 3 weeks left: Obama in closing stretch of presidency (12 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: Not so predictable (32 comments) Band to march at Trump's inauguration, igniting controversy (4 comments) Arkansas high school teacher accused of 'racially charged' Web posts resigns (18 comments) Dick Clark Productions rejects Mariah Carey's sabotage claim (2 comments) BRADLEY R. GITZ: Birds of a feather (17 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
null
Reviews Appliances Electronics Gadgets Gaming Mobile Security Deals Gifts News Shop Reviews Audio Headphones Over the Ear Headphones Bluetooth Headphones Home Audio Home Theater Systems Home Theater Speakers Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Portable Speakers Wireless Speakers Appliances Kitchen Appliances Smart Home Automation Auto Tech Computers Computer Accessories Desktop Computers Laptop Computers Laptops for College Wireless Routers Electronics Digital Cameras Other Electronics Printers Televisions Video Cameras Gaming Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptops Gaming PCs Video Game Consoles Video Games Geek Toys Mobile Cell Phones Mobile App Reviews Tablets iPads Security Home Security Home Security Systems Home Security Cameras Personal Security Sports & Outdoors Vehicles Gadgets Gadgets for Men Kitchen Gadgets Coolest Gadgets Fitness Gadgets Services Satellite TV DISH DIRECTV vs DISH Gifts Star Wars Gifts Batman Gifts Gifts for Gamers Gifts for Geeks Software News Search on Gadget Review Gadget Review ▸ Reviews ▸ Electronic Reviews ▸ Computers ▸ Laptop Computers ▸ Sony 15-Inch VAIO S Series 15 Laptop Review Laptop Computers Sony 15-Inch VAIO S Series 15 Laptop Review Shawn Sanders Updated August 3, 2015 Shares This year marks the 15th anniversary for Sony’s VAIO brand. I had no idea. I remember recommending one to a friend’s Dad, little over a decade ago. But 15 yrs…!? Go Sony! The VAIO name has brought some innovation over those years. I remember the memory stick that was advertised to work with the Playstation 2 upon that device’s release. Such was not quite the case at launch. But like the memory stick, the VAIO name stands the test of time, ever resilient. Today we have the VAIO S Series15 laptop on deck for a bit of mobile computing scrutiny. The S Series is near Ultrabook thin for a mid-sized laptop. But let’s be clear; this is no Ultrabook. We have an optical drive and a full complement of ports and full-size connectivity options, which Ultras often lack. It’s powerful, elegant, easy to use and does 1080p right out of the box on its 15.5 inch display. However, there are a few thorns on this ebony rose. But first while we’re on the subject… Design  The VAIO S Series is very thin and lightweight. In fact the design throughout has this concept in mind. There is no bulging battery pack bulk, ports are low profile and the optical drive is slot loading to avoid known hassles with trays left open. Users will want to make sure the slot is kept clean to avoid dust and lint build up around the optical drive opening. The reduced girth makes the VAIO S Series pancake-flat. We were sent the all-black version. But the unit also comes in a very sharp chrome look. Each features Spartan detailing with a large VAIO logo and smaller SONY logo on the back of the display. Open the lid and we have a handsome 15.5 inch display, low height chiclet style keys for a full backlit keyboard complete with Numpad and a couple more modest logos surrounding. The track pad is a bit larger than some and is positioned more to the left of center, which helps prevent inadvertently swiping or touching it while typing. I suppose I should call it by its official name. The VAIO S Series is the first of its kind to use the newly adopted “click pad”. It eliminates the designated left and right-click buttons. The entire “click pad” is essentially divided into 2 sections underneath the matte finish. Honestly I prefer the old style. Or maybe this particular click pad needs some optimizing. It’s touchy, feels twitchy and unresponsive at times. Hardware Under the hood we have an Intel i7-3632QM mobile CPU running at 2.20 GHz. This unit has a nice burly 12GB of system memory and is running Windows 8 Pro 64-bit with a smallish 700 GB hard drive. The display is powered by Intel’s integrated HD Graphics 4000 as well as discrete solution in the Nvidia GT 640M mobile GPU. The battery is ultra thin and lasts an adequate 4 hrs. Our model shipped with DVD optical drive but you can opt for a Blu-Ray drive if you so choose. The webcam is HD and does 720p and includes a mic for video chat and calls. Connectivity options include an Ethernet port,  2 high-speed USB 3.0 ports and a single USB 2.0 port, HDMI- and VGA-out , a single HG Duo memory stick port and a SD Card slot all for expanding your storage options. Finally we have  the 15.5-in backlit display mentioned above capable of 1080p. One of the more novel but super sweet features is USB charging. Either one of the USB 3.0 ports can charge the battery for your MP3 player, Bluetooth devices, Smartphones and just about any other device that sips juice via USB. More notably, this works uninterrupted even if the VAIO S Series laptop is powered off. That’s awesome! Software Windows 8 without a touch interface option is decidedly less awesome. I like Win 8 but I like it more when one can use it the way it was intended, over a touch screen interface to make the most of those pretty apps. The 15.5-inch display is not touch-based. So Win 8 is much easier to navigate through programs and folders with the mouse and keyboard while in the familiar desktop mode juxtaposed to the handsome tiled mode. Sony has tossed in a few of their own features to bridge the gap between Win 7 familiarity and Win 8 newness. While in desktop mode, just above the taskbar centered-left is a small tab. Click it to open VAIO Gate. This is a Start Menu-style list of SONY bloatware. You can probably guess what’s on deck. We have video editing and playback tools, ACID Music Studio, Sound Forge, DVD Architech, PowerDVD, Internet Explorer and more. Most of which will go unused and/or dumped to save space and system resources. Yet I do like SONY’s new commitment to their burgeoning Xperia line of mobile devices. The VAIO S Series can connect to your Xperia mobile device using the Xperia Link software. This is a seamless way for devices to speak and share a single internet connection when either one of your tablet or phone is without one. Handy stuff! Benchmarks The VAIO S Series model shipped to us is a solid performer, even great in many instances. This is not gamer’s box but some gaming can be  done and decently too. Tribes 2, Shank 1 and 2, Mark of Ninja and Street Fighter 4 ran at respectable playable speeds. But these are not next-gen or even current gen game titles. Looking at the numbers we see the HP Pavilion topping out with its burly gaming-friendly configuration. But more interesting is the HP Omni 27-inch All-in-One computer performance slightly besting the VAIO S Series. This was the box the wife used the play DayZ at sub 30 frames per second. Apparently the ATI Radeon HD 5570 mobile gpu can outperform an Nvidia GT 640M. Conclusion There is a lot to love and less to fuss about in the VAIO S Series. Our model is near-top of the line (sans Blu-Ray). The speed is more than noticeable and it resumes from sleep in a couple of seconds. It’s comfortable and lightweight at 4.42lbs. Windows 8 is actually fun stuff albeit less so without the touch screen interface, at which point many may just find it a waste of time and system resources. But the desktop mode is tried and true so sticking with that may be preferable. The click pad leaves a bit to be desired and felt finicky. It does support multi gesture like pinch to adjust the size of images on-screen, which is handy. Another issue– it seems to drop some wireless signals after waking from sleep or hibernation. Often WiFi connections and Bluetooth connections will not resume after waking, until a system restart. That’s just annoying, but not impossible to patch or update, I’m sure! That leaves the price, which is easily the biggest hurdle users will face when evaluating this one. At our stated configuration the damage comes to nearly $1400. For a midsized laptop that’s stepping up there a bit. There are similar performers on the market for lower cost and less flashy features like 1080p display resolutions and others the VAIO S Series handle so well. But with new slate/laptop hybrids blanketing the months to come it will be interesting to see which way the wind blows for the VAIO S Series. As it stand now it’s a great mobile computing option that will devour basic tasks like multimedia playback, internet surfing and a bit of gaming. Editor Rating: [Rating: 3.5/5] Very Good Bottom Line: The Sony VAIO S Series in this particular configuration is pretty sharp. However, this configuration may not be for everyone. For nearly $500 less you can get similar performance from a lower end unit from the same line. Pros Peppy Intel i7-3623QM CPU Gorgeous 15.5-inch display supports 1080p Great port options USB 3.0 can charge devices even with the S Series powered off Windows 8 Pro Cons Expensive in this configuration Trackpad/Click pad needs works Lost wireless connection upon wake from sleep No touchscreen leaves Window 8 a bit hamstrung The Sony VAIO S Series 15 laptop is available at Amazon in various styles and configurations. Tweet It Like It Google + Linkedin Pin it Stumble Shawn Sanders Sponsored Content Related Posts NEC PC Parafield: a laptop with no hard drive Sony VAIO NS Brings Us $1000 Blu-Ray Notebooks How to Turn Your Old Laptop into a Chromebook Sony VAIO C Series Laptops Get A Short Feature List And Price, Presale Starts In March Razer 14-inch Blade and 17-inch Blade Pro Gaming Laptops up for Pre-Order Raon Everun Note For Under $900 Shipped 1 Comment to Sony 15-Inch VAIO S Series 15 Laptop Review Mboya on How can I get the battery Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Post Next Post → Follow us 21,115 Fans 13,499 Subscribers 11,061 Followers Recent Reviews Home Security Systems Best Home Security System: Top 5 of 2017 DSLR Cameras Best DSLR Camera 2017 Projectors 5 of the Best Home Theater Projectors for 2017 Bluetooth Speakers 10 of the Best Bluetooth Speakers 2017 Office Chair Best Office Chair 2017 – The No Bulls#*t Guide to Sitting Wireless Routers Best Wireless Router 2017 – The In Depth Buyer’s Guide Radar Detectors Best Radar Detector 2017: Long-Range Driver Protection Cell Phones Best Smartphone 2017 ChromeBook Review Best Chromebook of 2017 Gaming Laptops Best Gaming Laptop – The Beginner’s Guide to Portable Gaming Ultra HD 4K TVs Best 4K TV for 2017 Blenders Best Blenders 2017 Refrigerators What is a Counter-Depth Refrigerator? Smart Home Security Systems LiveWatch Home Security System Review Best Laptop Computer Reviews The Cheapest 4th Gen Haswell Core i7 Laptops (Updated) Gigabyte P2742G Windows 8 Gaming Laptop Review 10 Mistakes To Avoid When Purchasing a Laptop (list) Best Laptop 2017 Best Laptops for College Students Best Windows Laptop Best Chromebooks 2017 Doghouse Systems Mobius NT Review PlugBug Macbook Power Adapter Goes Global, Adds a USB Slot in Every Country Sony 15-Inch VAIO S Series 15 Laptop Review Intel Intros "Iris" Haswell HD 5000 Series Integrated Graphics Razer 14-inch Blade and 17-inch Blade Pro Gaming Laptops up for Pre-Order Sony Introduces New VAIO Pro 11/13 and Duo 13 Hybrid PCs Best Laptops Under $500 Panasonic Toughbook S9 (video) Seriously Underpowered Luxury Laptop Lifetouch Note Android Netbook Specs Looks Ok, Touch Resistive Screen Will Be A Nightmare Armed Notebooks Are Ready To Set It Off...At The Airport Sony VAIO C Series Laptops Get A Short Feature List And Price, Presale Starts In March Sony Announces New VAIO E Models and Ivy Bridge Upgrades for VAIO S and VAIO Z lines I Gigabyte's M1125 Convertible Notebook Has Got Fast USB 3.0 Speeds Panasonic's Toughbook F9 World's Lightest, Slimmest And Rugged 14-inch Laptop Sony's New Vaio Y & Z Series Turn Into Portable Hotspots Toshiba's AC100 Netbook Has Got The Android Touch iBuyPower Launches Their First 3D Notebook Fujitsu Lifebook AH530 GFX Laptop Packs A 1GB External GPU PeeWee Power Laptop Is For The Kiddies Fujitsu LifeBook MH330 Is Sleeeeek Sony's VAIO P Series Upgrades With New Colors, Accelerometer And Touchpad Gateway NV Has Social Networking At The Push Of A Button Sony Collaborates With Billabong On Rad VAIO W Special Edition Sony's VAIO P Gets A Crocodile Skin Panasonic's Toughbook H1 Field Is Ready To Be Touched And Dropped LG Kicks Out T280, X140 And X200 Laptops Excessively Overpriced LapTop Table For Bedside Blogging Sony Launches New VAIO M Netbook, Small And Somewhat Affordable Scosche To Debut New Netbook Gear At The 2010 CTIA Las Vegas Sony Launches New VAIO E Series Laptops Gadget Review is home to some of the best consumer reviews online on top gadgets ranging from the best gadgets to the top laptops, the best satellite tv networks and top ten product comparisons. Do you want to make an educated buying decision and shop online with confidence? Geek Out with the latest home theater speakers, home theater systems, av receivers and the latest tech news and best product reviews on the web. Gadget Review is also, home to some of the best top consumer reviews online with top ten consumer product comparisons to the latest gadget news, to top gadgets ranging from the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and expert product reviews, as well as the best product daily deals and giveaways. Copyright © 2016 Gadget Review Your lifestyle gadget site. All Rights Reserved. ----- About Privacy Terms News Categories Contact HTML XML
null
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Newegg Mobile Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event The Best of 2016 What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 41 1962 127 728 990 27 180 318 107 74 739 425 Editor Tested Avegant Glyph, A Personal Theater CarVi, A Smarter Driving Assistant Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Trending Events Ushering in a New You Radio Controlled Tech Deals For Sellers Sell on Marketplace iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Components >  Memory >  Desktop Memory >  Patriot Memory >  Item#: N82E16820220800 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery Free Shipping on This Item! When you spend $50.00 or more on eligible products.(restrictions apply) Patriot Viper 3 16GB (2 x 8GB) 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM DDR3 1600 (PC3 12800) Desktop Memory Model PV316G160C0KBL Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller DDR3 1600 (PC3 12800) Timing 10-10-10-27 Cas Latency 10 Voltage 1.5V LOADING... Patriot Viper 3 16GB (2 x 8GB) 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM DDR3 1600 (PC3 12800) Desktop Memory Model PV316G160C0KBL Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Designed for gaming, the Patriot Viper 3 DDR3 series memory is built with pre-sorted ICs and supports Intel XMP technology for hassle-free overclocking. These memory modules deliver rock solid quality, reliability and stability you can count on in the demanding applications. Plus, the custom heat spreader, available in multiple color options, speeds up dissipation and gives your rig an awesome look, making the Viper 3 memory a great choice for your new build and system upgrade. Custom Heat Shield The custom designed high performance heat shield features taller high profile with vented top for optimal air flow. XMP Ready Fully Compatible with Intel's XMP 1.3, these Viper 3 kits offer easy plug and play overclocking for additional performance during extreme gaming sessions or while using the most demanding applications. Broad Compatibility For no hassle upgrades, the Viper 3 modules are compatible with Intel and AMD processors and chipsets that support DDR3 memory with specific optimization for Intel 6, 7 & 8 series and AMD 9 & FM Series processors. Learn more about the Patriot Memory PV316G160C0KBL Model| Brand Patriot Series Viper 3 Model PV316G160C0KBL Details| Capacity 16GB (2 x 8GB) Type 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM Speed DDR3 1600 (PC3 12800) Cas Latency 10 Timing 10-10-10-27 Voltage 1.5V ECC No Buffered/Registered Unbuffered Multi-channel Kit Dual Channel Kit Color Blue Heat Spreader Yes Features Patriot Memory's Viper 3 Series memory kits are designed with true performance in mind. Tested and compatible with Intel's and AMD's DDR3 compatible processors and chipsets, The Viper 3 series provides the best performance and stability for the most demanding computer environments. The Viper 3 series utilizes a custom designed high performance heat shield for superior heat dissipation to ensure rock solid performance even when using the most taxing applications. Built from the highest quality Build of Materials, Patriot Memory's Viper 3 Series memory kits are hand tested and validated for system compatibility. Available in dual and quad channel kits, 8GB, 16GB and 32GB Kits, Patriot Memory's Viper 3 Series will be offered at speeds from 1600MHz up to 2400MHz at 1.5 - 1.65 volts and are XMP 1.3 ready. Recommend Use High Performance or Gaming Memory Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): Lifetime Limited Warranty period (labor): Lifetime Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.patriotmemory.com/| Support Phone: 1-800-800-9600 Support Website| View other products from Patriot Memory Return Policies Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions.Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset compare Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book Wish Lists Email Notifications Subscriptions Orders Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Sell on Newegg Marketplace Shipped by Newegg Become an Affiliate Become a Newegg Vendor Site Map Shop by Brand Product Review Video Center Rebates Trade-In Your Items Mobile Apps Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2017 Newegg Inc.  All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.

  Guru3D.com Forums > Hardware > Processors and motherboards Intel Intel Newbie Boost Frequency overclocking questions User Name Remember Me? Password Processors and motherboards Intel Is that Core i7 or X99 chipset giving you a hard time? Enter this forum, this is all about Intel baby.   Thread Tools Display Modes Intel Newbie Boost Frequency overclocking questions   (#1) campcreekdude Master Guru   Videocard: Radeon 7970 crossfire Processor: FX8350 Mainboard: Crosshair V Memory: 16 gig DDR3 2133 mhz Soundcard: PSU: Antec Intel Newbie Boost Frequency overclocking questions - 12-25-2016, 02:38 | posts: 237 I've only build AMD systems for the past while and now I am new to Intel. With AMD I was able to do a modest overclock and the AMD boost frequency would be on-top of the overclock. Everyone says turn off boost speeds for the fullest potential of overclock (i know its true). With the AMD system I was able to test the boost frequency by launching dual or single threaded, tests with prime to measure/achieve stable performance. I switched over to 4 threads... watched the frequency bounce down... and switched to 2 threads or 3 threads.. it went up. I played back and forth for a long time. Anyhow, with intel will the boost speed be on top of the overclock speed? I read some people say its not... but that might be old information. I just got the i5-6600k (not in my hands otherwise I would have the answer). People say a safe overclock is 4.6 ghz... but I think (my threshold) for a safe overclock would be 4 ghz with a 4.6 ghz boost frequency (if that's possible). I always go a little under than what other people are doing. But that would be my plan with no over-volting and using 3000mhz ram. I have ordered the corsair H75. Anyone else overclocking intel and keeping the intel boost?     campcreekdude View Public Profile Find all posts by campcreekdude     (#2) sykozis Ancient Guru     Videocard: XFX RX 470 Processor: Core i5 6600K Mainboard: MSI Z170A Gaming Pro Memory: Corsair DDR4-2666 Soundcard: Creative SB-Z PSU: Corsair CX750M 12-25-2016, 05:06 | posts: 19,702 | Location: US East Coast With Intel processors, the "overclock" is applied to the boost frequency unless you disable Turbo Boost.... An overclock to 4ghz, isn't worth doing as the stock Turbo clock is already 3.9ghz. You'd only be gaining 100mhz. When you overclock with Turbo Boost enabled, you're increasing the Turbo Boost multiplier. When you overclock with Turbo Boost disabled, you're increasing the base clock multiplier.     sykozis View Public Profile Find all posts by sykozis   (#3) campcreekdude Master Guru   Videocard: Radeon 7970 crossfire Processor: FX8350 Mainboard: Crosshair V Memory: 16 gig DDR3 2133 mhz Soundcard: PSU: Antec 12-25-2016, 09:55 | posts: 237 Thanks, It is different than AMD. I am reading about it too. The default is a boost speed for all 4 cores is @ 3.6 ghz. (AMD does not have a 4 core boost) 3c @ 3.7 2c @ 3.8 1c @ 3.9 So if all I do is over clock it to 4.0Ghz at default boost settings that would mean it would be 4c 3.7 3c 3.8 2c 3.9 1c 4.0 I am also looking at the features of my motherboard in the manual. After I posted the question lol -downloaded the manual. Anyhow... The Bios of my motherboard has a few additional tweaks that I will play with. I will definitely not leave turbo to default and switch the multiplier. Apparently I can change the base clock and the Turbo Ratios. CPU Base Clock Allows you to manually set the CPU base clock in 0.01 MHz increments. (Default: Auto) Turbo Ratio Allows you to set the CPU Turbo ratios for different number of active cores. Anyhow Merry Christmas, Happy New Year,     campcreekdude View Public Profile Find all posts by campcreekdude   (#4) sykozis Ancient Guru     Videocard: XFX RX 470 Processor: Core i5 6600K Mainboard: MSI Z170A Gaming Pro Memory: Corsair DDR4-2666 Soundcard: Creative SB-Z PSU: Corsair CX750M 12-25-2016, 23:44 | posts: 19,702 | Location: US East Coast Most of us don't touch the base clock frequency. The default frequency is 100mhz. Personally, I leave Turbo Boost enabled and increase the Turbo multiplier.     sykozis View Public Profile Find all posts by sykozis     (#5) Spartan Master Guru     Videocard: R9 290 PCS+ Processor: i5 4690K @ 4.2Ghz / H80i Mainboard: ASUS Z97-PRO GAMER Memory: 2x8GB HyperXFury 2133Mhz Soundcard: PSU: Corsair CS750M 12-26-2016, 04:54 | posts: 607 | Location: United Kingdom Once you are done benchmarking, switch to adaptive voltage and leave power saving options ON in bios with balanced power plan in win.     Spartan View Public Profile Find all posts by Spartan I thought CPU base clock was the lowest CPU core speed.   (#6) campcreekdude Master Guru   Videocard: Radeon 7970 crossfire Processor: FX8350 Mainboard: Crosshair V Memory: 16 gig DDR3 2133 mhz Soundcard: PSU: Antec I thought CPU base clock was the lowest CPU core speed. - 12-26-2016, 22:58 | posts: 237 Quote: Originally Posted by sykozis Most of us don't touch the base clock frequency. The default frequency is 100mhz. Personally, I leave Turbo Boost enabled and increase the Turbo multiplier. I thought the base clock frequency was the 3.5 ghz for the i5 6600k. AMD i calls it the bus. But now I know its the 100mhz they are talking about in that section of the manual that gets multiplied. For the overclocks that I see on the net ... getting 4ghz should be easy even with powersaving enabled. What I really want is 4ghz core and 4.1,4.2,4.3,4.4 boost clocks + power savings all enabled and xmp 3000 mhz ram. Thats the aim. This might be achievable if i change both the multiplier and boost ratios. As long as the bios lets me play and set those settings. As well I guess they need to be stable too lol     campcreekdude View Public Profile Find all posts by campcreekdude   (#7) sykozis Ancient Guru     Videocard: XFX RX 470 Processor: Core i5 6600K Mainboard: MSI Z170A Gaming Pro Memory: Corsair DDR4-2666 Soundcard: Creative SB-Z PSU: Corsair CX750M 12-27-2016, 00:03 | posts: 19,702 | Location: US East Coast Quote: Originally Posted by campcreekdude I thought the base clock frequency was the 3.5 ghz for the i5 6600k. AMD i calls it the bus. But now I know its the 100mhz they are talking about in that section of the manual that gets multiplied. For the overclocks that I see on the net ... getting 4ghz should be easy even with powersaving enabled. What I really want is 4ghz core and 4.1,4.2,4.3,4.4 boost clocks + power savings all enabled and xmp 3000 mhz ram. Thats the aim. This might be achievable if i change both the multiplier and boost ratios. As long as the bios lets me play and set those settings. As well I guess they need to be stable too lol You can't change the base clock multiplier without disabling Turbo Boost. With Turbo Boost enabled, the base clock multiplier stays 35 and you adjust the Turbo Boost multiplier. CPU Base frequency is 3.5ghz.....bclk (base clock) is 100mhz and bclk multiplier is 35. Turbo multiplier is 39. If you leave Turbo boost enabled and OC to 4.4ghz, you end up with bclk = 100mhz, bclk multi = 35, turbo multi = 44 (3.5ghz Base, 4.4ghz Turbo) bclk is essentially the bus frequency for Intel....lol     sykozis View Public Profile Find all posts by sykozis Onto a Different Bios Setting...   (#8) campcreekdude Master Guru   Videocard: Radeon 7970 crossfire Processor: FX8350 Mainboard: Crosshair V Memory: 16 gig DDR3 2133 mhz Soundcard: PSU: Antec Onto a Different Bios Setting... - 12-27-2016, 02:12 | posts: 237 What about the setting "CPU Flex Ratio" Quote from Reddit: CPU flex ratio is the minimum multiplier setting it'll go to. So the override is to set it to what you want. Quote from Hardops "I found the CPU flex ratio override setting. This was set to 20x which is basically the minimum non-turbo ratio the CPU will use under certain circumstances." I'm pretty stubborn. I just flipped pages in the bios manual and found a new setting. I just don't know what that "certain circumstances" by hard ops means... lol The manuals dont tell alot of useful information...lol CPU Flex Ratio Override Enables or disables the CPU Flex Ratio. The maximum CPU clock ratio will be based on the CPU Flex Ratio Settings value if CPU Clock Ratio is set to Auto. So if i set the clock ratio to auto... then change the CPU flex ratio... does it change the ratio of the minimum core clock speed. Is that what its there for? (then i can do what I want) Or do I have to set the clock speed to max Turbo Desire, then set flex ratio. Set Turbo Ratios... Remember I don't have the mobo yet its shipping to me. I can't test it. Yes I realize I am stubborn. Last edited by campcreekdude; 12-27-2016 at 02:17.     campcreekdude View Public Profile Find all posts by campcreekdude   (#9) sykozis Ancient Guru     Videocard: XFX RX 470 Processor: Core i5 6600K Mainboard: MSI Z170A Gaming Pro Memory: Corsair DDR4-2666 Soundcard: Creative SB-Z PSU: Corsair CX750M 12-27-2016, 13:09 | posts: 19,702 | Location: US East Coast What motherboard are you getting? Mine has no such setting.     sykozis View Public Profile Find all posts by sykozis   (#10) campcreekdude Master Guru   Videocard: Radeon 7970 crossfire Processor: FX8350 Mainboard: Crosshair V Memory: 16 gig DDR3 2133 mhz Soundcard: PSU: Antec 12-27-2016, 19:37 | posts: 237 I am getting a Gigabyte-Z170-HD3. DDR4 version It's the cheapest one I could get that was Z170. While searching for the meaning of that setting I found that other boards (Alienware) had a "non turbo flex ratio" setting. I'm not sure if it interferes with powersaving features where it idles down the CPU to really low speeds. But it seems like it should change the minimum clock from what I am reading.     campcreekdude View Public Profile Find all posts by campcreekdude   (#11) campcreekdude Master Guru   Videocard: Radeon 7970 crossfire Processor: FX8350 Mainboard: Crosshair V Memory: 16 gig DDR3 2133 mhz Soundcard: PSU: Antec 12-30-2016, 18:45 | posts: 237 So I am just going to say whats happening with the overclock. I installed the CPU and left everything default - auto. All four cores activated it always ran at the turbo 3.6 ghz (not 3.5ghz core base). This is the same behavior when I set the turbo to 4.1 ghz and cpu flex ratio at 4.0 ghz. I ran prime95 last night. I don't get errors but I have annoyances. Even while running prime95 if I walk away after 10 minutes the computer went to sleep. So I disabled sleep. Then last night at around 3:05 am (the last log entry for prime) The computer decided to do Windows Updates and restart the computer. I was afraid that at 4.1 ghz my computer just failed and restarted. Then I looked at the update history and it did do some updates last night. Prime did not record any errors in the log. Prime prior to the restart lasted a little over 3 hours. Its possible that my computer failed at 4.1Ghz. But the windows update might be culprit. If it decides that it can sleep with prime running then it might decide restart. I've never had Windows 10 restart on its own for me on my computer but I normally use Pro not home edition of win 10. My temps are in the 50's they climb to 63 then the fan kicks in and they are back to 50's temps. Doing a tri-threaded test seems like a waste of time. It rarely bounces up to 4.2 ghz for a long duration on the cores. Its as if it knows 3 core but the other core is in use by anti-virus/and all other things running. So now I am doing a dual threaded test - its consistently above 4.1 ghz on all cores. However, I don't like the idea that my computer restarted last night. But is Windows Update a good explanation?     campcreekdude View Public Profile Find all posts by campcreekdude « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     ATI Tray Tools         ATI Tray Tools Generic Discussion             ATI Tray Tools Public Beta Section     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,327 Reviews & Articles | 53,558 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: MSI GeForce 1050 GAMING X 2G Video Card (Give Feedback & Win!) TRENDING NOW: New Call of Duty Vietnam game teased by Sledgehammer Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets AMD Ryzen leaked review, beats 6900K which costs $1000 Leaked review? Early results? Does Ryzen impress? Well, it beats the $1000 Core i7-6900K right now By: Anthony Garreffa | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: 1 week, 1 day ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Things are really heating up for Intel just weeks away from the official launch of its next-gen CPU architecture, Kaby Lake - with a leaked review of AMD's new Ryzen processor.     The review had the new Ryzen CPU had its clocks limited to 3.15GHz base and 3.3GHz boost, but AMD has confirmed the enthusiast SKU of Ryzen will kick things off at 3.4GHz, with lots of headroom for overclocking. CPCHardware is a PC magazine in France that has been in operation since 2001, and is reportedly an engineering sample set out to the press under NDA.     There are some interesting benchmark results, with a bunch of render programs being run on the Ryzen CPU at 3.3GHz, against the $1000 processor from Intel in the form of the Core i7-6900K. Not only that, but we have the 6800K, FX-8370, and more.     The gaming benchmarks are not as good for AMD, but we're looking at unoptimized results here - with what I'm sure will be a very early motherboard sample, and low clocks. We have older games being run as well, including Battlefield 4, GRID: Autosport, and Anno 2070.     Power consumption on Ryzen is impressive, with 93W of power being consumed - up against the 138W on the FX-8370 and 96W on the 6900K. Good results, but it's still very warm right now even at 3.3GHz, so we might have a hotter round of CPUs with Ryzen and the Kaby Lake-based 7700K running at up to 100C, and 30C+ cooler with its TIM removed. NEWS SOURCES:Wccftech.com Recommended for You AMD's new Ryzen CPU could hit 5GHz, even when air-... AMD's Zen CPU is killing Intel on Google searches Intel to unveil Skylake-X, Kaby Lake-X at Gamescom... Intel's new Core i3 hits 4.2GHz, beats last-gen Core... >> NEXT STORY: CyanogenMod is shutting down, will remain open source << PREVIOUS STORY: Star Citizen switches from CryEngine, to Amazon tech Related Tags AMD Intel Core i7-6900K AMD Ryzen Zen CPU architecture Intel Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Nintendo Switch and Wii U third party partners compared Liberty City is coming to GTA V thanks to new mod CNN demonstrates Russian hacking with Fallout 3 pic Prey developer promises PC version is 'really flawless' Nintendo Switch to get 'lots' of Unreal Engine 4 gamesView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Amped Wireless Apollo Pro Long Range HD Camera Review Lost mac adress after downgrading bios from f20 to f8 z170x g7 Marvell-based PCIe SSD card (AHCI) not detected on Z77X-U5DH Asus K53SD black screen How do I print wirelessly with my wireless router + multiple computers?View More Forum Posts Press Releases Das Keyboard to demo the world's first cloud-connected keyboard at CES 2017 Samsung unveils CH711 curved quantum-dot monitor SK Hynix to construct a cutting-edge NAND flash FAB in Cheongju MSI and Phanteks launch new front USB 3.1 Type-C solutions ViewSonic reveals the VP2771 27-inch monitor with SuperClear IPS panelView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Main Menu News Breaking News SeneGambia News Gambia Affairs Editorial Diaspora Politics Bombshell Legal Affairs The Soldier Wire News World News Africa News Economy Interviews Whistle Blower Podcasts Entertainment Celebrities Music Videos Sports Life & Style Health Fashion Tourism Investment Assasin Team Community Discussions Press Release Letters To The Editor Freedom NP About US Editorial Staff Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Disclaimer Contact Us -- January 2, 2017 News Breaking News SeneGambia News Gambia Affairs Editorial Diaspora Politics Bombshell Legal Affairs The Soldier Wire News World News Africa News Economy Interviews Whistle Blower Podcasts Entertainment Celebrities Music Videos Sports Life & Style Health Fashion Tourism Investment Assasin Team Community Discussions Press Release Letters To The Editor Freedom NP About US Editorial Staff Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Disclaimer Contact Us News Breaking News SeneGambia News Gambia Affairs Editorial Diaspora Politics Bombshell Legal Affairs The Soldier Wire News World News Africa News Economy Interviews Whistle Blower Podcasts Entertainment Celebrities Music Videos Sports Life & Style Health Fashion Tourism Investment Assasin Team Community Discussions Press Release Letters To The Editor Freedom NP About US Editorial Staff Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Disclaimer Contact Us Gambia: Breaking News: NIA Officer Ebrima Badjie And Kebba Jasseh Assigned To Mount Surveillance On President Elect Barrow President elect Adama Barrow, and his Transition Team have been under the radar of the brutal National Intelligence Agency for surveillance, the Freedom Newspaper can reveal. A team of NIA operatives have been assigned to monitor the... December 26, 2016 December 26, 2016 President elect Adama Barrow, and his Transition Team have been under the radar of the brutal National Intelligence Agency for surveillance, the Freedom Newspaper can reveal. A team of NIA operatives have been assigned to monitor the movements and activities of President elect Adama Barrow. It’s a covert operation approved by the outgoing dictator Yahya Jammeh. Mr. Barrow, and his team should be aware of their surroundings now towards inauguration day. The NIA surveillance team attached to President elect Barrow, have been divided into two units:  Ebrima Badjie, a senior Intel officer, is commanding the four men unit of surveillance officers. Kebba Jasseh, another senior member of the Agency, is also heading another four men unit. One of the surveillance team has been stationed outside Barrow’s residence. Their job is to infiltrate and monitor Barrow’s daily activities and movements. The other unit, has been tasked with monitoring Barrow’s motorcade. Both  surveillance team have been allocated double cabin pickup trucks by Jammeh. We are compiling the names of the other NIA agents working with Ebrima Badjie, and Kebba Jasseh. We will publish their names in due course. Meanwhile, the Inspector General of police, has issued a statement asking people interested in using convoys to apply for police permit. The goal is to prevent President elect Barrow and his team from driving around town. In annother development, Staff Sergeant Samba Jawo, and Staff Sergeant Jahateh are still detained at the NIA gutter cell Bambandingka. The men were arrested recently.  Bakary Fatty, a GRTS, agricultural reporter is also detained at Bambadinka. Mr. Fatty, was given D50,000 and a double cabin truck by Jammeh prior to his arrest. Businessman Abdou Njie, who was detained since October, is languishing at Bambadinka together with former Deputy Foreign Affairs Minister Sarjo Jallow. Momodou Sabally, the former GRTS MD, has been moved to the mile two prison.  Omar Malleh Jabang, the guy, who used to be in charge of Jammeh’s sand mining in Kartong, is also detained.  Mr. Jabang, recently got arrested after dictator Jammeh received information that he was campaigning for the former Independent Candidate Isatou Touray. Mr. Jabang, has been held at the seized home of Fatou Nickle Touray, in Brusubi. Written By Pa Nderry MBai Email: panderrymbai@gmail.com Tel: 919-749-6319 Views: 23,926 I like this article I did not like this In this article Breaking News 5 Most Recent Gambia: Rejoinder. Ref: Dr. Isatou Sarr: Building A Healthy Gambia January 2, 2017 Gambia: Breaking News: Breaking News: Shaken Jammeh Plots a Getaway Strategy... January 2, 2017 Gambia: Breaking News: EX-House Speaker FJC Calls On Jammeh To Step... January 2, 2017 Gambia: Why Senegal Has No Vested Interest In Occupying Or... January 2, 2017 Gambia: Power up The Gambia January 2, 2017 Watch this stream over RTSP for Android Mozilla Donate To Freedom Newspaper Custom Search Follow Us Categories Select Category Advertisements (5)Africa News (4)Bombshell (9)Breaking News (518)Business (2)Celebrities (6)Diaspora (20)Economy (16)Editorial (30)Entertainment (4)Gambia Affairs (61)Government (31)Health (9)Interviews (4)Investment (19)Legal Affairs (24)Letters To The Editor (948)Life and Style (1)Music (1)Orbituary Announcements (4)Politics (28)Press Release (103)Property (1)SeneGambia News (29)Sports (3)The Assasins (12)The Soldier (43)Tourism (11)Videos (10)Whistle Blower (2)World News (8) Also Read These Gambia: Rejoinder. Ref: Dr. Isatou Sarr: Building A Healthy... Gambia: Breaking News: Breaking News: Shaken Jammeh Plots a... Gambia: Breaking News: EX-House Speaker FJC Calls On Jammeh... Gambia: Why Senegal Has No Vested Interest In... Gambia: Power up The Gambia Gambia: Alert: Outgoing Dictator Shutdown Two Private Radio Stations Gambia: Jammeh Must Go! Gambia: Freedom Newspaper Mailbox: What Our Readers Say Gambia: Mad, Bad, Sam Sarr! Previous Gambia: Editorial: Likely Scenarios To Happen To Jammeh: Arrest Or Death May Occur! Next The U.S based Gambian online Newspaper, is consist of media professionals committed to promoting free press, democracy, rule of law, and good governance on the African continent and beyond. Follow Us Live from Twitter Please set your Twitter API Keys within the Theme Panel under APIs / Accounts Community Activity Forums Friends Groups Messages Contact Us Categories Breaking News Gambia Affairs The Soldier Politics Diaspora Press Release Bombshell © 2015 FreedomNewspaper.com Back to top Loading... Loading...
Computerworld Samsung upgrades Notebook 9 laptops with Kaby Lake chips News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Samsung upgrades Notebook 9 laptops with Kaby Lake chips Samsung's Notebook 9 laptops are faster, but the battery life of just seven hours disappoints Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 20 December, 2016 07:52 - - - - print email Comments Samsung has upgraded laptops in its Notebook 9 series with Intel's latest Kaby Lake chips, jumping ahead of rivals expected to announce new PCs at CES. The Notebook 9 laptops, which have 13.3- and 15-inch screens, are lightweight laptops with full HD displays. Samsung didn't share specifics of chips in the laptops, which will be unveiled by Intel at January's CES. Nonetheless, there are some things you can expect. The new laptops will be faster than older models and also have better graphics. PC makers are measuring a performance improvement of about 5 percent to 15 percent improvement in Kaby Lake performance compared to the predecessor Skylake. Integrated graphics will be able to handle video beyond 1080p resolution. The battery life provided by Notebook 9 models is about 7 hours, which isn't as high as others in its class. The laptops have up to 256GB of storage, 720p webcams and 802.11ac wireless. The 13.3-inch model can have up to 16GB of memory, while the 15-inch model has 8GB of memory soldered on the board. The 13.3-inch Notebook 9 weighs 816 grams, while the 15-inch model weighs 984 grams. That's even lighter than the Dell XPS 13, which weighs about 1.2 kilograms. The port options include two USB 3.0, one USB-C, HDMI and MicroSD. The 15-inch model also has one USB 2.0 port. The laptop pricing wasn't immediately available. The Internet of Things in the Real World More from Avaya Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about DellIntelLakeSamsung Editor's Recommendations Former CBA IT exec jailed for role in kickback scheme Data retention: Government consults on use of data in civil court action Vodafone to launch cyber security centre ATO commissions review after ‘worst unplanned outage in recent memory’ Microsoft’s Pip Marlow to join Suncorp ASX CIO Tim Thurman to return to Canada Read more Veeam Resources Centre Related Whitepapers Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner The Smarter, Faster Way to Move to Windows 10. Why Cloud Computing is the Future How to Stay Protected Against Ransomware Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next It's 2017 and changing other people's flight bookings is incredibly easy Vodafone to launch cyber security centre ATO commissions review after ‘worst unplanned outage in recent memory’ In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Enabling ‘low coders’ can turn the tide in the war against shadow IT Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
null
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Samsung upgrades Notebook 9 laptops with Kaby Lake chips Samsung upgrades Notebook 9 laptops with Kaby Lake chips Samsung's Notebook 9 laptops are faster, but the battery life of just seven hours disappoints Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 20 December, 2016 07:52 - - - - print email Comments Samsung has upgraded laptops in its Notebook 9 series with Intel's latest Kaby Lake chips, jumping ahead of rivals expected to announce new PCs at CES. The Notebook 9 laptops, which have 13.3- and 15-inch screens, are lightweight laptops with full HD displays. Samsung didn't share specifics of chips in the laptops, which will be unveiled by Intel at January's CES. Nonetheless, there are some things you can expect. The new laptops will be faster than older models and also have better graphics. PC makers are measuring a performance improvement of about 5 percent to 15 percent improvement in Kaby Lake performance compared to the predecessor Skylake. Integrated graphics will be able to handle video beyond 1080p resolution. The battery life provided by Notebook 9 models is about 7 hours, which isn't as high as others in its class. The laptops have up to 256GB of storage, 720p webcams and 802.11ac wireless. The 13.3-inch model can have up to 16GB of memory, while the 15-inch model has 8GB of memory soldered on the board. The 13.3-inch Notebook 9 weighs 816 grams, while the 15-inch model weighs 984 grams. That's even lighter than the Dell XPS 13, which weighs about 1.2 kilograms. The port options include two USB 3.0, one USB-C, HDMI and MicroSD. The 15-inch model also has one USB 2.0 port. The laptop pricing wasn't immediately available. 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about DellIntelLakeSamsung Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Ransomware Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation The Smarter, Faster Way to Move to Windows 10. Take Ctrl: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner. Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Account Delivery Lead NSW UI Developer VIC DevOps Engineer WA SSIS Developer NSW Senior Projects Engineer | Systems Integration and IT Managed Services NSW Senior Murex Developer VIC PMO Analyst - Financial Services NSW Program Support Officer NSW Technical Specialist, Identity and Acess Management VIC Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Vodafone Australia set to build inaugural cyber defence and response centre HPE embarks on internal investigation after ATO outage ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). CSO Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile It's 2017 and changing other people's flight bookings is incredibly easy What to do if your data is taken hostage Critical flaw in PHPMailer library puts millions of websites at risk Computerworld After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Corporate boards aren't prepared for cyberattacks Tips for new tech devices Software is eating the food world ARN ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? ​Big business supports Aussie tech but fails to give start-ups a fair go IT services chief faces court over union fraud allegations ​Overseas investor acquires Hemisphere Technologies What the govt’s IT outsourcing trend means for Aussie partners Techworld Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 How to hang on to Windows 7 for the long run The US has sanctioned Russia over election hacking New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile CMO Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 CMO’s top 16 marketing stories of 2016 How an Australian tech company won licensing rights around Star Wars CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 21 December CMO interview: Taking test and learn marketing to the extreme at Expedia Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Imagination GPU tech next year could power Apple iPhone 8 graphics Imagination GPU tech next year could power Apple iPhone 8 graphics Imagination Technologies' high-end Series8XT GPU architecture is coming next year Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 15 December, 2016 13:51 - - - - print email Comments Apple's powerful iPhone 7 GPU is based on Imagination Technologies' PowerVR GT7600 architecture, and a possible successor could come next year. Imagination will release the Series8XT family of GPUs, which could provide the underlying technology for graphics in the iPhone 8. It will succeed the Series7XT family of GPUs, which is the base architecture for the PowerVR GT7600 in the iPhone 7. Analyst firm Linley Group said the iPhone 7 GPU is the fastest among all mobile processors when operating at peak speed. The Series8XT will be even faster, and perhaps more power efficient. The iPhone 7 GPU can overheat quickly if it runs at peak speed for a long time. Imagination didn't provide further details on the 8XT or a specific release date, and did not say if the GPU would be in the iPhone 8. But Apple has used PowerVR in every iPhone to date, and recently started tuning the architecture to work better with its mobile devices. Imagination designs GPUs and licenses it to companies like Apple and Intel. Apple is also a minority shareholder in Imagination. Apple has been notoriously quiet about the underlying technology in its A-series chips. Linley Group only recently unveiled that the iPhone 7 GPU was based on PowerVR GT7600 architecture. The 8XT could be introduced in late February at the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco, where Imagination is showing off its PowerVR GPU. The company has used GDC to launch new GPU architectures in the past. The high-end 8XT architecture is a "technology generator" and will host many new GPU features developed by Imagination, said Graham Deacon, senior director of business operations for PowerVR at Imagination. Imagination will focus on putting more performance in 8XT, Deacon said. Beyond smartphones, the company's GPUs also are used in set-top boxes, TVs and other devices requiring graphics power or focusing on visual computing. Imagination this year released the 8XE GPU, which was focused on the fast-growing low-end and mid-range phones market. The Series8XT will offer more performance. Imagination's PowerVR was once competitive in smartphones, but has lost share as competition grows. ARM's Mali GPUs based on the Bitfrost architecture are catching on strong, and Qualcomm, which is the mobile chip leader, has its own Adreno GPU.  Nvidia has the best mobile GPU, but it is being targeted at automotive and machine learning applications. There are other areas of growth for Imagination GPUs outside of smartphones, especially in automotive and set-top boxes, Deacon said. Imagination is developing many more technologies to boost graphics, and supporting vectors like image analysis add value to PowerVR GPUs. There are also opportunities in machine learning, and PowerVR could play a big role in enabling self-driving cars. Imagination is developing algorithms, and has been demonstrating neural networks running on GPU computing. Imagination is also mixing up its MIPS CPU architecture with PowerVR for drones and robots, which heavily rely on visual computing and image analysis. The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AppleARMImagination TechnologiesIntelLinley GroupNvidiaQualcomm Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Ransomware Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation The Smarter, Faster Way to Move to Windows 10. Take Ctrl: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner. Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Account Delivery Lead NSW UI Developer VIC DevOps Engineer WA SSIS Developer NSW Senior Projects Engineer | Systems Integration and IT Managed Services NSW Senior Murex Developer VIC PMO Analyst - Financial Services NSW Program Support Officer NSW Technical Specialist, Identity and Acess Management VIC Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Vodafone Australia set to build inaugural cyber defence and response centre HPE embarks on internal investigation after ATO outage ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). CSO Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile It's 2017 and changing other people's flight bookings is incredibly easy What to do if your data is taken hostage Critical flaw in PHPMailer library puts millions of websites at risk Computerworld After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Corporate boards aren't prepared for cyberattacks Tips for new tech devices Software is eating the food world ARN ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? ​Big business supports Aussie tech but fails to give start-ups a fair go IT services chief faces court over union fraud allegations ​Overseas investor acquires Hemisphere Technologies What the govt’s IT outsourcing trend means for Aussie partners Techworld Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 How to hang on to Windows 7 for the long run The US has sanctioned Russia over election hacking New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile CMO Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 CMO’s top 16 marketing stories of 2016 How an Australian tech company won licensing rights around Star Wars CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 21 December CMO interview: Taking test and learn marketing to the extreme at Expedia Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO ARM tackles server compatibility issues with Allinea acquisition ARM tackles server compatibility issues with Allinea acquisition Software compatibility has been a big problem for ARM adoption in servers and supercomputers, but the acquisition may help Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 17 December, 2016 03:44 - - - - print email Comments ARM has a big problem -- it rules in smartphones and tablets but hasn't broken into servers and supercomputers. ARM servers are devalued partly because many applications don't work with the chips. But ARM has acquired Allinea Software with the hope of partially resolving the compatibility issue. Allinea provides software development, debugging, and porting tools, which should make it easier for people to write applications for ARM-based servers and supercomputers. The acquisition will "provide a channel to thousands of developers using supercomputers and give us better first-hand knowledge of the issues being addressed as software is ported to new ARM-based systems," Javier Orensanz, general manager of the development solutions group at ARM, said in a blog entry. The development tools will also be used for ARM chips in deep-learning systems, which require large-scale server deployments for analytics. ARM's competition will come from deep-learning and HPC software tools offered by Intel, Nvidia, Google, Microsoft, and more recently, AMD. ARM designs chips and licenses them to third-party chipmakers like Apple, Samsung, Qualcomm, and Intel. The company is aggressively chasing markets like supercomputing and IoT and is in the process of being acquired by Softbank for US$32.4 billion. Fujitsu is making the first ARM-based supercomputer called Post-K, scheduled to be deployed in Japan by 2020. The supercomputer will have 64-bit chips based on a new microarchitecture called ARMv8-A Scalable Vector Extension, which has vector processing abilities for complex calculations. With the Allinea deal, ARM realized its software weakness and is acting on it. It is acquiring customers and a shortcut to get more developers to write applications for ARM processors. Allinea tools are used by many organizations with some of the fastest computers in the world using other chip architectures. Allinea's team will become a part of the ARM's HPC development solutions team. ARM's acquisition won't affect Allinea's product roadmap. ARM did not reveal how much it paid for Allinea Software. The Continuum from Building to Buying your infrastructure More from Dell EMC Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AMDAppleARMGoogleIntelMicrosoftNvidiaQualcommSamsungSoftbank Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Ransomware Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation The Smarter, Faster Way to Move to Windows 10. Take Ctrl: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner. Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Account Delivery Lead NSW UI Developer VIC DevOps Engineer WA SSIS Developer NSW Senior Projects Engineer | Systems Integration and IT Managed Services NSW Senior Murex Developer VIC PMO Analyst - Financial Services NSW Program Support Officer NSW Technical Specialist, Identity and Acess Management VIC Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Vodafone Australia set to build inaugural cyber defence and response centre HPE embarks on internal investigation after ATO outage ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation Market Place Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). CSO Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile It's 2017 and changing other people's flight bookings is incredibly easy What to do if your data is taken hostage Critical flaw in PHPMailer library puts millions of websites at risk Computerworld After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Corporate boards aren't prepared for cyberattacks Tips for new tech devices Software is eating the food world ARN ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? ​Big business supports Aussie tech but fails to give start-ups a fair go IT services chief faces court over union fraud allegations ​Overseas investor acquires Hemisphere Technologies What the govt’s IT outsourcing trend means for Aussie partners Techworld Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 How to hang on to Windows 7 for the long run The US has sanctioned Russia over election hacking New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile CMO Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 CMO’s top 16 marketing stories of 2016 How an Australian tech company won licensing rights around Star Wars CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 21 December CMO interview: Taking test and learn marketing to the extreme at Expedia Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Tapscape Follow Home iPhoneToggle iPhone Apps iPhone Games iPhone Accessories iPhone News iPadToggle iPad Apps iPad Games iPad Accessories iPad News MacToggle Mac Apps Mac News AndroidToggle Android Apps Android Games TechnologyToggle Apple Web & Dev Smartphones Tablets GearToggle Laptops Cameras Television & Displays Storage GadgetsToggle Reviews Gaming E-readers Home iPhoneToggle iPhone Apps iPhone Games iPhone Accessories iPhone News iPadToggle iPad Apps iPad Games iPad Accessories iPad News MacToggle Mac Apps Mac News AndroidToggle Android Apps Android Games TechnologyToggle Apple Web & Dev Smartphones Tablets GearToggle Laptops Cameras Television & Displays Storage GadgetsToggle Reviews Gaming E-readers Search Go Samsung Notebook 9 come with better CPUs and desktop-level storage 20/12/2016 by Muhammad Omer Gadgets Technology Laptops Share Compact notebooks might not deliver the same level of processing power as their desktop counterparts, but with storage getting smaller and faster, you can get the same level of responsiveness from these mobile machines as do on those large monstrosities. Such is the case with the new Samsung Notebook 9 refresh, which comprises up of a total of two system upgrades. First off, they do not come with Intel’s Skylake processor, but a Kaby Lake one. They will be available to purchase later and have been divided into a total of two models; a 13.3-inch one and a 15-inch one. Both of these notebooks possess a resolution of 1080p which is actually a good decision because Samsung has also managed to add a fair bit of battery life while reducing their thickness as well. According to the company, the new Notebook 9 lineup are able to deliver up to 7 hours of battery and use the USB-C interface to charge that battery. Samsung has also fitted in a new Adaptive Fast Charging tech and this is how it works. If you plug in any notebook model, be it the 13.3-inch one or the 15-inch one for a total of 20 minutes, the notebook will be able to provide you with a total of 2 hours of battery life, which is a handy feature to have. The 7 hour-battery life is said to be fully charged after a period of 80 minutes, but this will also depend on the kind of tasks you are running on the notebook. If you will be running YouTube and streaming videos at 1080p, then don’t expect battery life to last that long. Pricing details of the Notebook 9 refresh have not been stated by Samsung, but we’re looking at the CES 2017 show where they will be probably be shown, along with their pricing and availability details too. Don’t expect these notebooks to come cheap though. Notebook 9 Samsung Share Older You might have to pay more to purchase a Galaxy S8 Newer Dell mistakenly revealed the powerful hardware of its XPS 15 Related Xiaomi Mi Notebook Pro hardware specs reveal a quad-core CPU and powerful GPU 23/12/2016 Gadgets iPhone 7 Plus owners, your cameras could suffer from hardware issues 23/12/2016 iPhone Dell mistakenly revealed the powerful hardware of its XPS 15 23/12/2016 Gadgets You might have to pay more to purchase a Galaxy S8 20/12/2016 Smartphones Microsoft’s Surface Studio components are quite easy to upgrade, if you possess the skills 20/12/2016 Gadgets LeEco has introduced a OnePlus 3T competitor called the Cool S1 20/12/2016 Smartphones How to Lower Your Mobile Data Usage 19/12/2016 Technology Yahoo Hacked: 1-Billion Users Data Sold for $300K 17/12/2016 Technology Latest Influencer Marketing Hub is the leading Business Resource for many things Influencer Marketing 24/12/2016 iPhone Xiaomi Mi Notebook Pro hardware specs reveal a quad-core CPU and powerful GPU 23/12/2016 Gadgets iPhone 7 Plus owners, your cameras could suffer from hardware issues 23/12/2016 iPhone Dell mistakenly revealed the powerful hardware of its XPS 15 23/12/2016 Gadgets You might have to pay more to purchase a Galaxy S8 20/12/2016 Smartphones Microsoft’s Surface Studio components are quite easy to upgrade, if you possess the skills 20/12/2016 Gadgets LeEco has introduced a OnePlus 3T competitor called the Cool S1 20/12/2016 Smartphones How to Lower Your Mobile Data Usage 19/12/2016 Technology Submit Your App For Review Advertise Contact About Follow
Tapscape Follow Home iPhoneToggle iPhone Apps iPhone Games iPhone Accessories iPhone News iPadToggle iPad Apps iPad Games iPad Accessories iPad News MacToggle Mac Apps Mac News AndroidToggle Android Apps Android Games TechnologyToggle Apple Web & Dev Smartphones Tablets GearToggle Laptops Cameras Television & Displays Storage GadgetsToggle Reviews Gaming E-readers Home iPhoneToggle iPhone Apps iPhone Games iPhone Accessories iPhone News iPadToggle iPad Apps iPad Games iPad Accessories iPad News MacToggle Mac Apps Mac News AndroidToggle Android Apps Android Games TechnologyToggle Apple Web & Dev Smartphones Tablets GearToggle Laptops Cameras Television & Displays Storage GadgetsToggle Reviews Gaming E-readers Search Go Dell mistakenly revealed the powerful hardware of its XPS 15 23/12/2016 by Muhammad Omer Gadgets Technology Laptops Share Dell is probably going to make an announcement at the upcoming CES 2017, and it is most likely related to its XPS 15 notebook lineup. Dell accidentally revealed the specifications of the XPS 15, calling it the XPS 9650. The model name was not as important as the hardware present in the notebook, and we’re glad to see that an attractive Windows 10 notebook will be arriving soon. To start off, the specs reveal that the XPS 15 is going to sport a dedicated graphics chip belonging to NVIDIA, but we’ll get to that later. What we do know is that the notebook will come armed with Intel’s Kaby Lake processors and will be available to purchase in three processor models: i3-7100HQ i5-7300HQ i7-7700HQ As the name implies, XPS 15 means that the notebook is going to feature a 15-inch screen with a narrow amount of bezels, making it one of the most attractive lineup of Windows 10-powered notebooks to ever go on sale. We’re actually hoping that there’s a Thunderbolt 3 input provided, then it would mean you can attach a GPU enclosure and start immersing in gaming titles at higher resolutions and graphic settings. The 15-inch screen is said to feature a 4K resolution, but we’re sure that a 1080p resolution version should also be available. What we were surprised to hear was the GTX 1050 GPU. As you know, NVIDIA hasn’t announced its GTX 1050 or GTX 1050Ti for notebooks, meaning that the company had something special planned for 2017. Unfortunately, now that Dell’s reckless actions have revealed details on its specifications, we are confident that the announcement is going to take place hopefully during the CES 2017 trade show. Just in case you were wondering about the details the company revealed, VideoCardz managed to grab a hold of those details before the company removed them permanently. “Super-speed: The most powerful XPS laptop we’ve ever built includes the latest 7th Gen Intel® Quad Core™ processors and an optional 4GB GeForce® GTX 1050 graphics card with the latest and greatest Pascal™ architecture, so you can blaze through your most intensive tasks.” XPS 15 dell Share Older Samsung Notebook 9 come with better CPUs and desktop-level storage Newer iPhone 7 Plus owners, your cameras could suffer from hardware issues Related Xiaomi Mi Notebook Pro hardware specs reveal a quad-core CPU and powerful GPU 23/12/2016 Gadgets iPhone 7 Plus owners, your cameras could suffer from hardware issues 23/12/2016 iPhone Samsung Notebook 9 come with better CPUs and desktop-level storage 20/12/2016 Gadgets You might have to pay more to purchase a Galaxy S8 20/12/2016 Smartphones Microsoft’s Surface Studio components are quite easy to upgrade, if you possess the skills 20/12/2016 Gadgets LeEco has introduced a OnePlus 3T competitor called the Cool S1 20/12/2016 Smartphones How to Lower Your Mobile Data Usage 19/12/2016 Technology Yahoo Hacked: 1-Billion Users Data Sold for $300K 17/12/2016 Technology Latest Influencer Marketing Hub is the leading Business Resource for many things Influencer Marketing 24/12/2016 iPhone Xiaomi Mi Notebook Pro hardware specs reveal a quad-core CPU and powerful GPU 23/12/2016 Gadgets iPhone 7 Plus owners, your cameras could suffer from hardware issues 23/12/2016 iPhone Samsung Notebook 9 come with better CPUs and desktop-level storage 20/12/2016 Gadgets You might have to pay more to purchase a Galaxy S8 20/12/2016 Smartphones Microsoft’s Surface Studio components are quite easy to upgrade, if you possess the skills 20/12/2016 Gadgets LeEco has introduced a OnePlus 3T competitor called the Cool S1 20/12/2016 Smartphones How to Lower Your Mobile Data Usage 19/12/2016 Technology Submit Your App For Review Advertise Contact About Follow
TechRadar pro IT insights for business Search RSS News Reviews Insights TechRadar Business Laptop/PC Printers Hardware Software Mobile working Security Networks Management Data centre & Cloud Reviews Chuwi LapBook review Hands on: Chuwi LapBook review Not yet rated By Desire Athow Laptops and netbooks  A budget notebook that hits all the right notes Shares What is a hands on review? Jump to Section: Best Price Comments Our Early Verdict The Chuwi LapBook is not an outstanding laptop, by any means, but at this budget price level you’ll be hard pressed to find anything that can compete with it. For Surprisingly long battery life 5V power supply Against Lack of connectors Proprietary power port The recent months have seen several laptops that get their inspiration from Apple’s iconic MacBook range. The Jumper EZBook 2 looks like a 13-inch MacBook Air while the Xiaomi Air 12 borrows heavily from the MacBook Air and the MacBook Pro. Chinese vendor Chuwi follows that trend with the LapBook, a notebook that sharply differs from the competition in physical terms. Firstly, it adopts a white finish throughout (except for the screen bezel and the keyboard), then there’s the fact that it uses a 15.6-inch display, and finally, it is one of the very few devices to use a 5V adaptor, the same as your smartphone or tablet. Indeed we’ve successfully managed to power it using a standard charger, although sadly, Chuwi engineers opted for a proprietary connector rather than the ubiquitous microUSB port. There are two models of the LapBook available with the only difference being the processor and the price. The better value of the two is the model based on Intel’s Z8300 CPU which retails for £149 (around $185, AU$250) at the time of writing. The one based on the slightly beefier Z8350 sells for around a third more. Both are currently available from Gearbest (who also provided us with the sample for this hands-on review) on pre-order. (These costs are exclusive of any taxes that may be levied by HMRC or the courier companies on behalf of the vendor. Want to buy tech from online Chinese retailers? Read this first.) As expected, the laptop has a slightly tapered profile; not as pronounced as the MacBook Air but still significant enough. It does look like a larger version of the Asus EEE PC Seashell, a netbook launched in 2009 that had similar but softer lines. The chassis might be plastic but it is of the posher, polished variety. There’s no flex under any circumstance, either with the screen or keyboard and that’s partly because of how big the LapBook is. This is a hefty enough piece of kit, weighing 1.86kg with dimensions of 371 x 240 x 22mm. Oddly enough it comes with a tiny power supply unit, a 15W (5V3A) model which can also be used to charge your smartphone should you feel the need to. Open the notebook up and you’ll find a massive 15.6-inch Full HD display with a decent size keyboard and a larger than average touchpad, one which has a slightly granular texture. The power button is tucked away on the top right-hand side and that’s not what one would call a good decision, especially as it is located next to the delete button – meaning there’s an unnecessary danger of shutting down the laptop accidentally. There’s some better news in the form of the display, with the IPS screen being more than adequate having uniform brightness across the surface and no significant bleed. The keys on the keyboard have a good amount of travel, not surprising given the thickness of the device, and they offer sharp feedback. It is a shame though that Chuwi didn’t opt for a full-size keyboard with a separate numeric keypad, something that would have set this device apart from the competition. We were surprised (and disappointed) to find out that it has only two USB ports (one of which is USB 3.0). There’s also a microSD card reader, a mini-HDMI port, an audio jack and a proprietary power connector.  Inside the LapBook the hardware consists of the usual suspects, a triumvirate of components that have become part and parcel of all the entry-level Windows-based systems we’ve reviewed over the past 12 months. As we previously mentioned, there’s an Intel Atom x5-Z8300, a quad-core CPU based on Cherry Trail and clocked at 1.44GHz. It is accompanied by 4GB of low power DDR3 memory and 64GB of eMMC flash storage, all of which is resolutely entry-level. You also get 802.11n Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.0, two speakers (and what appears to be two microphones) and a 2-megapixel front-facing camera to round things off. As expected, Windows was pre-registered, something we strongly discourage and absolutely do not condone. Why Chinese retailers engage in this practice is beyond us. As for performance, just make sure you adjust your expectations given the hardware inside. This laptop is great for lightweight tasks, but it struggles when having to deal with more than a few tabs in Microsoft’s Edge browser, for example. The benchmarks below show how it performs across a series of popular test applications. What surprised us was the fact that across a number of benchmarks, the laptop scored higher (i.e. performed better) when using battery power as opposed to being plugged in. Battery life was better than expected, indeed far better than expected at nearly eight hours (yes, eight hours). Granted, we were testing using a simple video of a clock with brightness on 50%, but this certainly still counts as an impressive result. Note that the charger was a 15W one so it took longer to charge the bigger-than-average 10,000mAh battery. And further note that the battery, as is the case on most entry-level laptops, is not removable. The speakers were underwhelming to say the least; the sound coming out of these was devoid of any character, lacking depth and oomph. But that’s pretty much as expected with a device in this price bracket. Early verdict Despite sporting a name that will attract all sorts of comments, the LapBook left a positive impression on us. A cheap price – remember it costs only £150 (around $185, AU$250) – coupled with a very likable, distinctive design, a large 15.6-inch Full HD display, and a tiny power supply make it a winner for those on a budget. We just wished it had more connectors and dropped that proprietary power socket. Oh, and don’t fork out extra for the faster processor, the price difference is far too big to justify the jump in performance.  The only real competition at this price is the slightly more expensive Jumper EZBook 2 which looks even more like a Macbook Air and shares the exact same specification as the LapBook, bar the battery. These are the best business laptops you can buy right now ABOUT THE AUTHOR Desire Athow Editor, TechRadar Pro Désiré (Twitter) has been musing and writing about technology since 1997. Following an eight-year stint at ITProPortal.com where he discovered the joys of global techfests, Désiré now heads up TechRadar Pro What is a hands on review? 'Hands on reviews' are a journalist's first impressions of a piece of kit based on spending some time with it. It may be just a few moments, or a few hours. The important thing is we have been able to play with it ourselves and can give you some sense of what it's like to use, even if it's only an embryonic view. For more information, see TechRadar's Reviews Guarantee. Tags MacBook Pro MacBook Air Asus Load Comments GET YOUR FREE MAGAZINE NET: The Money Issue worth £5.99 Join 13,000 TechRadar Pro subscribers! Sign up for a new, free business service from TechRadar Pro to help you in your job delivering high value, original content direct to your inbox GET MY FREE MAGAZINE No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 CES 2017: What to expect at the massive Las Vegas tech show 2 Best Apple Watch apps for your smartwatch in 2016 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 4 The 10 best 4K TVs of 2016 5 10 best wireless headphones available today 1 The 10 most disappointing games of 2016 2 Apple might have a plan to keep your AirPods in your ears 3 iOS 10.3 beta already? Here are the rumored iPhone and iPad features 4 Watch Tesla Autopilot mode predict and avoid a nasty car crash 5 The first LG G6 phone leak shows it’s back on the right path TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 6 Tech Companies Investing Billions in Their Future Technology companies have long looked at disruption as a growth strategy. These companies are investing billions to be on the leading edge in their fields. Bradley Seth McNew (TMFMcNew) Dec 26, 2016 at 11:31AM Staying relevant through constant innovation and disruption is more important in the tech industry than in arguably any other sector. By investing heavily in research and development (R&D), these companies are making expensive bets on the future and what technology and trends will lead it -- along with their own sales and profits.  Image source: Getty Images. 6 companies investing billions in R&D To compile this list, we looked at the total dollar amount that publicly traded tech companies have each spent on R&D over the past year. There are many companies investing heavily in R&D, both by real dollar amount and also relative to their own market cap., but here are the six companies that stood out as shaping the future based on how much they have invested, and will probably continue to do so, to be the ones at the forefront of future development. Company Market Cap R&D Spend (Previous 12 Months) Alphabet Inc. $531 billion $13.8 billion Intel Corporation  $176 billion $13 billion Microsoft Corporation $468 billion $12.1 billion Apple Inc. $582 billion $10 billion Oracle Corporation $159 billion $6.5 billion Cisco Systems, Inc. $148 billion $6.3 billion Data source: Capital IQ What those billions are going after It's not surprising that Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) tops the list as the biggest investor in the in the world in terms of R&D spend. Alphabet's willingness to spend heavily on research into areas such as self-driving cars, artificial intelligence, and wearable technology such as Google Glass and connected clothing shows how the company is working to assure it has a place in the world far beyond the internet search that currently makes up the vast majority of its revenue. Alphabet's recent restructuring to make Google one segment of the overall company was specifically designed to allow the company to continue making audacious moonshot bets.   Alphabet's self-driving car project, now called Waymo. Image source: Alphabet/Waymo. Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) recently announced that it will release a device to compete in the smart-home space. Powered by its Cortana voice-enabled artificial intelligence platform, this device will compete directly with similar products such as Google Home. Other big investments in the past few years from Microsoft include cloud computing and more work on its Windows operating system for mobile devices and as an "Internet of Things" platform. It's yet to be seen how Microsoft's recent acquisition of LinkedIn will fully play out, but you can expect that it links up with some of the areas Microsoft has been investing heavily in already.   Intel, Oracle, and Cisco Systems are each working hard to keep their industry-dominating positions from younger and more fast-paced companies within the microprocessor, graphic chip, and computing network space. These three behemoth companies have been building and developing infrastructure for cloud computing, internet security, and other digital-age network services that require new technology far beyond what their own technology could handle in years past. Building and preparing for these big growth trends in such a fast-moving segment of the IT industry will like drive higher R&D spending in these companies for years to come.  Finally, there's Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). This company has been the focus of much analysis in the past few years for not releasing enough new and astonishing tech, so much so that many of those analysts have questioned if Apple's growth days are behind it. However, the company is one of the biggest investors in R&D, seemingly going after the connected-car market, artificial intelligence, or other long-term investments such as building much more comprehensive software platforms. What makes Apple especially interesting is that it's by far the wealthiest company on the list by total cash value, which was a record of nearly $238 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities in its most recent quarter. That's more than double the cash of second-place Microsoft, with $117 billion.   Preparing for bigger spending to come If those numbers don't already look massive enough, they could get bigger in the coming years. Apple's $238 billion in cash? The vast majority of that amount is stored offshore, where Apple is holding it because the company doesn't want to pay the around 35% corporate tax to repatriate it back to the United States. As part of a tax system overhaul, President-elect Donald Trump has said he seeks to lower this corporate tax rate and could even provide a special 10% tax for companies that are seeking to repatriate a huge chunk of cash back to the States. The richest companies in the U.S., then, including many of the companies in the preceding list, would probably then repatriate much of that cash and could put the money to work in increased R&D spending.  Like much of the potential changes coming to corporate tax or other policy, there's no telling when this might happen, what the final numbers will be, how much each of that overseas cash each company would bring back, or what the companies will do with the money. Still, either way, these companies and many like them are likely to continue spending heavily on researching and developing the next wave of new technology that will drive their industries in the years ahead -- something that long-term investors won't want to miss.  Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Seth McNew owns shares of Apple and Cisco Systems. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares) and Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of Oracle and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Cisco Systems and Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Bradley Seth McNew (TMFMcNew) Small town Colorado native, always content with just fresh air, blue skies, coffee, ... and a 10-K to pick through. Follow @bsmcnew Article Info Dec 26, 2016 at 11:31AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $115.75 down $0.98 (-0.84%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $792.41 down $-10.47 (-1.30%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $62.16 down $0.74 (-1.18%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.29 down $0.37 (-1.01%) Cisco Systems NASDAQ:CSCO $30.22 down $0.24 (-0.79%) Oracle NYSE:ORCL $38.45 down $0.24 (-0.62%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $772.33 down $-10.46 (-1.34%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? Alphabet's Waymo Puts Pressure on Google's Self-Driving Car Efforts These 3 Tech Stocks Are Ridiculously Cheap Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 6 Tech Companies Investing Billions in Their Future #stocks $AAPL, $GOOGL, $MSFT, $INTC, $CSCO, $ORCL, $GOOG
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Big Data Machine learning and microbes: How big data is redefining biotechnology As interesting as big data can be in Silicon Valley, its most fascinating applications often happen elsewhere. By Matt Asay | December 26, 2016, 5:00 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: iStockphoto/Sashkinw Machine learning and artificial intelligence are all the rage today in venture capital circles. We've seen spectacular exits in the past few years, from Google absorbing Deepmind in 2014 for $500 million, to Twitter buying TellApart in 2015 for $533 million, and Intel swallowing Nervana in 2016 for $400 million. But these were all IT plays. What happens when machine learning meets biology? Berkeley-based Lygos is engineering and designing microbes that convert low-cost sugar into high-value, specialty chemicals. At the core, they're developing and exploiting a number of tools, both software and hardware, and applying them to biology. Ultimately, the ability to design and optimize microbes, or program them, is becoming faster and cheaper than ever before. This is being fueled by cutting-edge advances in data science and biotech, and the rapidly dropping cost of reading, writing, and editing DNA (a trend that's even faster than Moore's Law for computing). In other words, the latest advances in software, big data, machine learning, biotech, and chemistry may be combining to quite possibly start a new industrial revolution. A new spin on machine learning Cloudera co-founder Jeff Hammerbacher once declared, "The best minds of my generation are thinking about how to make people click Ads. That sucks." He was right about the "suckiness," but perhaps some of those best minds are working on things that are far more substantial in their impact. SEE Big data's biggest impact is not on Silicon Valley More about Big Data 5 new books on all things data and tech The hottest new big data analytics jobs you need to know The battle for Apache Cassandra highlights major problem with open source projects Hiring kit: Microsoft Power BI developer Take, for example, Eric Steen, co-founder and CEO of Lygos, an interesting new startup that aims to become the next DuPont, but not in the traditional way. Lygos develops microbes to convert sugar into high-value specialty chemicals, focusing its flagship product on malonic acid (derived from petroleum), which is used in a diverse set of industries, including flavor and fragrance, electronic manufacturing, and coatings. But, how Lygos got to this point is what makes it interesting. Microbes have evolved over millions of years to become hyper-efficient factories. A microbe has amazing computational and machine learning ability because so much is written into the genetic code. Evolution is nature's machine learning algorithm. Lygos is unlocking the ability to control and guide evolution to reprogram a microbe to produce its products. A microbe can do a computation every time it divides and grows itself, which it does every 20 minutes. Lygos has millions of them going in a single vat at a time. Using technology that harnesses evolution, they have a more powerful machine-learning platform in nature than a computer could ever deliver, and are developing and deploying a range of these technologies to design microbial factories. Data science beyond Silicon Valley This is important, super-cool stuff, and it's yet another reason to look beyond Silicon Valley for the most interesting innovations. In the case of Lygos, it's based in the Valley, but its impact is not. SEE: Machine learning: The smart person's guide I've written before about John Deere revolutionizing farming through big data, and continue to believe the most important work in data is not happening within 45 miles of San Francisco. As McKinsey & Co. has noted, industries like manufacturing and retail have huge incentives to embrace data science and plenty of data to work with. And, though they will borrow tech from the titans of Silicon Valley (e.g., TensorFlow from Google), and cloud vendors like AWS will lower the bar for developers dipping their toes into machine learning, the biggest impact of big data will not go toward ad-clicking strategies. Thankfully. Get the latest Big Data Essentials newsletter and get smart on machine learning Subscribe Also see Big data's biggest impact is not on Silicon Valley (TechRepublic) Why AI and machine learning are so hard, Facebook and Google weigh in (TechRepublic) The cloud war moves to machine learning: Does Google have an edge? (TechRepublic) Machine learning: The smart person's guide (TechRepublic) Google's problem with the enterprise cloud is that it's too innovative and not practical enough (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Matt Asay Matt Asay is a veteran technology columnist who has written for CNET, ReadWrite, and other tech media. Asay has also held a variety of executive roles with leading mobile and big data software companies. Full Bio Contact See all of Matt's content Google+ mjasay × Full Bio Matt Asay is a veteran technology columnist who has written for CNET, ReadWrite, and other tech media. Asay has also held a variety of executive roles with leading mobile and big data software companies. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Internet of Things policy Windows spotlight: 30 tips and tricks for power users Building a practical chart of accounts: Two sample documents New user education checklist Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
01032017Headline: China Lithium-Sulfur Battery Industry, Acute Market Reports 10 hours ago China Rum Industry 2017 Market Research Report, Acute Market Reports 11 hours ago Hospital Real Time Location Systems Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 11 hours ago Flexographic Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 11 hours ago Toilet Care Products Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 11 hours ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Home Business Electrophoresis Technology Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Analysis and Forecast to 2015-2022: Brisk Insights Electrophoresis Technology Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Analysis and Forecast to 2015-2022: Brisk Insights December 26, 2016 | by Johnson | According to a recently published report, the Electrophoresis Technology Market is expected to grow at the CAGR of 5.5% during 2015-2022. The segmentation of global Electrophoresis Technology market is based on application, technology, end users and geography. The report on Global Electrophoresis Technology Market Forecast, 2015-2022 (by application, technology, end users and geography) provides detailed overview and predictive analysis of the market. Detailed study on this Research : http://www.briskinsights.com/report/electrophoresis-technology-market The electrophoresis market continue to grow with a greater pace from last decade the growth is driven by rising R&D expenses by governments, increasing industry and academic collaborations. The significant increase in the number of collaboration has increased the growth in electrophoresis market. The use of electrophoresis in various research application has contributed towards the growth. The world class research universities are taking front foot for such partnership. Example: Microsoft-Cisco-Intel University of Melbourne joined hands in 2008. For Same Category Reports Visit Here: http://www.briskinsights.com/category/technology-and-media-industry Scope of the report 1. Global Electrophoresis Technology Market by application, 2012 – 2022 ($ billion) 1.1. Research Application 1.2. Diagnostic Application 1.3. Quality Control and Process Validation 2. Global Electrophoresis Technology Market by end user application, 2012 – 2022 ($ billion) 2.1. Academic institution 2.2. Hospitals and diagnostic laboratories 2.3. Pharmaceuticals and biotechnology companies 2.4. Research organization 3. Global Electrophoresis Technology Market by technology, 2012 – 2022 ($ billion) 3.1. Gel Electrophoresis 3.1.1. Gel electrophoresis by instrument type 3.1.1.1. Horizontal gel system 3.1.1.2. Vertical gel system 3.1.2. Gel electrophoresis by gel type 3.1.2.1. Agarose gel 3.1.2.2. Polyacrylamide gel 3.2. Capillary Electrophoresis 3.2.1. Capillary Zone Electrophoresis 3.2.2. Capillary Gel Electrophoresis 3.2.3. Capillary Electro chromatography (CEC) 3.2.4. Micellar Electro kinetic Capillary Chromatography (MECC) 3.2.5. Capillary Isoelectric Focusing 3.2.6. Capillary Isotachophoresis 3.3. Reagents 3.3.1. Protein Reagents 3.3.2. Nucleic acid Reagents 3.4. Imaging and Informatics 3.4.1. 1D Imaging and Informatics 3.4.2. 2D Imaging and Informatics 4. Global Electrophoresis Technology market, regional outlook, 2012-2022(in $billion) 4.1. North America 4.2. Europe 4.3. Asia Pacific 4.4. Middle East & Africa 4.5. Latin America Request Free Sample: http://www.briskinsights.com/sample-request/137 5. Company profiles 5.1. AB SCIEX LLC (formerly Beckman coulter inc.) 5.2. Advanced Analytical Technologies Inc. 5.3. Bio-Rad Laboratories 5.4. Biotech Fischer GMBH 5.5. CBS Scientific Company, Inc. 5.6. Danaher Corporation 5.7. Decodon GMBH 5.8. GE Healthcare Bio-Science 5.9. Harvard Bioscience 5.10. Helena Laboratories 5.11. Perkinelmer, Inc. 5.12. Picometrics Technologies SAS 5.13. Qiagen N.V. 5.14. Sebia Inc. 5.15. Sigma-Aldrich Corp 5.16. Syngene 5.17. Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. Latest Reports:  http://www.briskinsights.com/report/fracking-proppant-material-market http://www.briskinsights.com/report/radar-system-and-technology-market http://www.briskinsights.com/report/thermal-interface-materials-market About Us : Brisk Insights is a global market research firm. Our insightful analysis is focused on developed and emerging markets. We identify trends and forecast markets with a view to aid businesses identify market opportunities optimize strategies. Working in a highly dynamic and multi-dimensional business makes decision making complex. Effective business decisions are a result of the synthesis of market information. Our Research and data analysis is an efficient and cost-effective way of providing robust market analysis and can yield highly valuable intelligence relating to consumers, competitors and markets. Contact Us : Jennifer Smith Office 1094 109 Vernon House Friar Lane Nottingham NG1 6DQ United Kingdom Phone : +448081890034 (UK) Email : sales@briskinsights.com Website : http://www.briskinsights.com/ Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You China Lithium-Sulfur Battery Industry, Acute Market Reports China Rum Industry 2017 Market Research Report, Acute Market Reports Hospital Real Time Location Systems Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Flexographic Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts China Lithium-Sulfur Battery Industry, Acute Market Reports China Rum Industry 2017 Market Research Report, Acute Market Reports Hospital Real Time Location Systems Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Flexographic Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Toilet Care Products Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Tuesday, January 03, 2017 As of 1:02 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology Microsoft Surface Pro 5 release date, specs & features: Surface Pro 4 successor could be released with Windows 10 Creators Update By Ritwik Roy @ritwikroy1985 on December 26 2016 4:46 PM 0 0 0 0 An attendee photographs the new Microsoft Surface Pro 3, during the event in New York May 20, 2014. Reuters/Brendan McDermid When it comes to the Microsoft Surface Pro 5 release date, details are still hazy. The device could be released in the spring of 2017; at least that’s what tech enthusiasts believe. The Surface Pro 4 released in October 2015. Therefore, the Surface Pro 5 was expected in October 2016. However, Microsoft released the Surface Book i7 and Surface Studio in that month. The Microsoft Windows 10 Creators Update will happen during spring next year. Hence, everybody is expecting the Surface Pro 5 to be released along with the Windows 10 update. Like the release date, the price of the highly-anticipated device remains a mystery though it is expected to be priced as its predecessor, depending on the configuration, writes Tech Times. The Surface Pro 4 was released to replace the laptop. Therefore, the Surface Pro 5 could sport even more impressive specs and features to take it to the next level. Microsoft has recently gone into a deal with Qualcomm and has also shown the Windows 10 on an ARM processor. This means there is a high possibility that the Microsoft Surface Pro 5 will pack a quality Snapdragon chipset and not an Intel processor. An improved battery and LTE connectivity are also anticipated in the product. However, if the portability factor is taken into consideration, then an Intel chip will perhaps make more sense. Microsoft’s Surface Pro line has always aimed at providing desktop-like power combined with the portability of a laptop. Thus, one Surface Pro 5 with an Intel chip and another with a Snapdragon chipset are also highly possible. A lot has been said about the Stylus being made compatible with the device. A rechargeable battery can charge the stylus wirelessly when docked to the tablet. While a 2K screen is anticipated in the Surface Pro 5, a higher end model with 4K capabilities is also reportedly being considered, writes NEUROGADGET. The USB Type-C ports could be used instead of USB 3.0 ports. Stay tuned on IBT AU for more updates on the Microsoft Surface Pro 5 device. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Microsoft Surface Pro 5 coming soon; Surface Pro 4 prices slashed Microsoft Surface Pro 5 specs & feature update Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 2017 world predictions: Australia to expand global operations role 0 Shares 2 ‘The Bold and the Beautiful’ Spoilers for Dec 26 – 30, 2016: Liam and Wyatt argue over who’s better for Steffy’s career; Ivy walks in on Ridge and Quinn; show announces casting call 0 Shares 3 ‘The Bold And The Beautiful’ spoilers for Dec. 29: Steffy leaves Liam's home; Ivy witnesses hot and steamy encounter between Ridge and Quinn 0 Shares 4 Chinese New Year 2017: Ways to avoid bad luck 0 Shares 5 'Days Of Our Lives' spoilers for Dec. 27: Two Salemites conspire to expose the truth; an embattled woman makes a bold move 0 Shares 6 Nostradamus 2017 predictions: How the world will fare next year 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ season 3 finale episode being written 0 Shares 8 Vikings’ season 4 episode 16: ‘I’m not returning,’ says Travis Fimmel 0 Shares 9 ‘Vikings’ season 4 episode 16 spoilers 0 Shares 10 ‘Winds of Winter’: Fan’s take on delay 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Nokia and Apple trade lawsuits Germany's new law requires Facebook to pay $715,000 fine Apple tax evasion update: Apple, Ireland to appeal EU tax ruling Nurofen fined $6 million: Reckitt Benckiser considering position with legal advisers Woolworths to sell petrol sites to BP for $1.8M Woolworths' Supplier Connect to roll out in 2017 More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance EgyptAir Flight 804: Traces of explosives suggest bomb caused Egypt air crash NSW Rural Fire service warns extreme bushfire in NSW and ACT Train services resumed after man killed by Melbourne city loop train Man punches kangaroo in defends dog Anticyclonic gloom in Victoria Australian Christian Lobby in Canberra hit by reported car bomb More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Golden State Warriors vs Dallas Mavericks live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time Los Angeles Lakers vs Dallas Mavericks live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time Ronda Rousey looks better than ever before UFC 207 [PHOTOS] Portland Trail Blazers looking to make a major trade before deadline Golden State Warriors vs Denver Nuggets live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time UFC 207 Ronda Rousey vs Amanda Nunes live stream: How to order PPV, watch online More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Foxconn undertaking mass automation drive, replacing humans with robots Tesla accelerates Model 3 production HTC debunks Vive 2 wireless and 4K VR headset launch at CES 2017 Microsoft Surface Pro 5 could be released in first quarter of 2017 Nintendo Switch release date update Samsung Galaxy S8 changes discussed More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design Celebrity Couples who didn't have a good year in 2016 'General Hospital' spoilers for Jan. 3, 2016: Alexis confronts Julian; Sonny and Carly reunite; Liz reveals her worries ‘Sherlock’ season 4 episode 1 recap/spoilers: ‘The Six Thatchers’ ends in heartbreak with character death, hope with a third Holmes brother ‘Brooklyn Nine-Nine’ season 4, episodes 11 and 12 spoilers, recap: ‘The Fugitive’ Pt. 1 and 2 'American Gods' season 1 spoilers: New character not in book appears in series [Watch Trailer] 'The Vampire Diaries' stars Ian Somerhalder, Nikki Reed developing new sci-fi TV series for The CW More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
Breaking News New Congress prepares to undo Obamacare, weigh Trump personnel picks Trump on North Korea ICBM: 'It won't happen!' China navy confirms carrier conducted drills in South China Sea Tornadoes hit Mississippi as storms pound southern coastal states Brazil drug gangs spark prison riot, at least 56 dead Migrants in U.S., Mexico fret about Trump threat to halt remittances South Korea pushes for extradition of daughter of President Park's friend Asia stocks see subdued start to 2017, dollar resumes climb Syrian rebels say they froze talks on Russian-backed peace conference due to ceasefire violations U.S. judge rules South Carolina church gunman can act as own lawyer Tue 3 Jan 2017 - 4 Rabi II 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Salim Al Shueili Home Head stories Local International Analysis Business Sports Features Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Entertainment Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor Books Lifestyle People Spotlight WILDLIFE Auto Videos Observer Archive 2016 2015 Home → Technology → Samsung’s Notebook 9 is lighter than 12-inch MacBook Samsung’s Notebook 9 is lighter than 12-inch MacBook Saturday 24th, December 2016 / 22:33 Written by Oman Observer in Technology Samsung has introduced a new line of 13.3- and 15-inch Notebook 9 laptops, upgrading the specs under the hood and making the models a whole deal lighter than their predecessors. This announcement comes ahead of CES 2017, an event where manufacturers typically take the stage to showcase new devices. Despite the fact that many competitors have yet to reveal their cards for this year, the South Korean manufacturer boldly claims that the 13.3-inch variant is the lightest notebook in the market. The Notebook 9 laptops come in two sizes: a 13.3-inch version and a 15-inch one. They more or less share the same specs, including the seventh-generation Intel Kaby Lake Core i7, integrated graphics, an SSD up to 256 GB, 8 GB of RAM, Bluetooth 4.1, and 2×2 802.11ac, to name a few. However, the 13.3-inch model can have up to 16 GB of RAM, and it’s also available with a Core i5. They also have FHD displays, which amount to 1,920 x 1,080 resolutions. The 13.3-inch variant will be a tad sharper because of the smaller screen. Other features are the built-in fingerprint reader for security, Windows Hello support, and a 720p webcam for video calls. In terms of ports, they’re both equipped with two USB 3.0, a USB-C, an HDMI, and a microSD card slot. If that’s not enough, the 15-inch unit has an additional USB 2.0 port. It should also be pointed out that the USB-C is also for charging, and Samsung says users can plug it in and juice it up using a phone charger and get 2.1 hours of battery life in just 20 minutes or fully recharge it in an hour and 20 minutes. Arguably the most notable aspect of the new Notebook 9 laptops is their weight — 13.3-inch version at 1.8 pounds and the 15.5-inch one at 2.17 pounds. About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Google’s self-driving car is a futuristic minivan LG announces G Pad III 10.1 with HD display → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent Govt units to submit revised payrolls Ministry mulls private investment in public schools Municipal Council heads in Governorates take oath Municipal Council Chief takes oath Read More ... Facebook Twitter 14 hours ago@RopTraffic Traffic movement is normal on the Ruwi-Amerat road following an incident involving a trailer /t.co/BblCLxEYEY 15 hours agoOver than 390 cheese jars seized at one of #Nizwa hypermarkets @pacp_oman /t.co/Jmwuyi10MV 16 hours agoStarting January 3, #NationalMuseumOman will be open seven days a week. Timings given below @OmanTourism /t.co/2D8RD0IwoE Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
language:English Thursday, October 24, 2013 Language Language www english german italy portuguese french russian espanol malay vietnamese laos cambodian thai indonesian filipino myanmar japanese korean mongol nepal hindi bengali turkish persian arabic Open search News Video Travel Photos Learn Chinese City Guide Free Mail Xiaomi releases 4G network-enabled notebook Updated 2016-12-24 15:07:51 China Daily Xiaomi founder Lei Jun and China Mobile's Sha Yuejia pose at the launch ceremony of Mi Air 4G in Beijing, on Dec 23, 2016. Xiaomi, the tech company that has gained worldwide fame with its smartphones, concluded its new product rollout on Friday in Beijing with a notebook, the Mi Air 4G, after a tough sales year. Liu De, co-founder and vice president of Xiaomi, said this computer could be connected to the internet anytime, anywhere as there is a module enabling network service via an independent internet of things (IoT) 4G channel provided by China's largest telecom operator, China Mobile. He said hopefully this device will usher in the third era of how a computer can be connected to the internet. In the first era, the computer could be linked to the internet via a cable and in the second era, via Wi-Fi. The 12.5 inch version of the Mi Air 4G, whose configurations are the same as its predecessor, Mi Air, is priced at 4,699 yuan (6), while the 13.3 inch version, which features a new processor, the Intel i7-6500 U, is priced at 6,999 yuan, said Liu. Liu added that the internet service will be free during the first year but admitted that whether the service will be charged in future years is undecided. Xiaomi launched its first PC product, the Mi Air on July 27 this year. Liu said that the company had sold 220,000 units of Mi Air in the first three months. Mi Air was also the best-selling PC on Tmall during the 24-hour Single's Day shopping festival created by Alibaba Group. Liu said the Mi Air 4G, which is to be on sale in January 2017, will be exclusively available at the outlets of China Mobile, which has promised to sell 500,000 units for Xiaomi in the next year. Jacky Zhao, an analyst with IDC China, a market research firm, said that the embedded high-speed internet service is a good feature but it is hard to tell how the market will react to the new product. This feature might not be that attractive in China's key cities where Wi-Fi services are convenient, although not that safe, the analyst said. If the Wi-Fi environment improves a lot, Mi Air 4G may not be as attractive. Liu admitted that the Mi Air 4G's edge might not be that obvious in big cities but might be a must-have for civil servants in villages who are also university graduates. Compared to Mi Air, which is priced at 3,499 yuan and 4,699 yuan according to different configurations, Mi Air 4G might also lose its edge in pricing, Zhao said. But he added that Mi fans might be willing to accept the higher cost so this pricing strategy might be good for an image lift. Zhao said he is not sure about the logic behind the distribution arrangement of the Mi Air 4G but believes this will enhance its offline presence. The Mi Air 4G will enrich Xiaomi's overall product lineup, but it will be hard for Xiaomi to change the layout of the PC sector as it has done to the cell phone sector, Zhao said. "Because the PC sector had been rather mature when Xiaomi entered but the cell phone sector was to face a tremendous change as the smartphone was to prevail," the analyst said. Also in the News Showbiz2016/06/16 13:58January 03 2017 10:18:13 Nicole Kidman Recalls Oscar Glory: Loneliest Time Attending Shanghai International Film Festival, Nicole Kidman talks about her role in "Grace of Monaco". Also in the News2014/05/01 12:16January 03 2017 10:18:13 Labor Day Travel Peak Starts Also in the News2014/04/18 13:18January 03 2017 10:18:13 Johnny Depp Delivers a Speech 'Evolve the Future' in 'Transcendence' Hollywood star Johnny Depp's speech in the upcoming new film "Transcendence" has been disclosed on Friday, April 11th. Most Viewed Audio Reports CRI Director-General Wang Gengnian's 2017 New Year Speech Immersion Corporation Partner with Letv to Produce 4D Phones China's Import Tax Cut to Reduce Revenue and Bolster Consumption Short Selling of Stocks Opens to overseas Investors Sydney Celebrates Chinese New Year with Terracotta Warrior Lanterns Most Watched Specials Beijing Sets Up 1st Emergency Relief Unit for Blind Shanghai Sets up First Police Emergency Unit Jiangxi's "No.1 Bee Man" Breaks Guinness World Record A Day of a Tian'anmen Square Patrolman during Lianghui News: China World Business Sports Showbiz Audio Video: C4 My Chinese Life The Sound Stage China Revealed Showbiz Video Travel Video Photos: China World Fun Travel Entertainment Sports Travel: Beijing Shanghai Guangzhou Lifestyle: Live Music Opera & Classical Movies Traditional Shows Exhibitions Learn Chinese: Chinese Studio Living Chinese Everyday Chinese Just For Fun Chinese Culture Buzzwords About China.com|About GMG|Ad Services|Contact Information|Copyright Notice Copyright © China.com All Rights Reserved
Neowin Login Sign up News Features Forums Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ HandBrake 1.0.0 By Razvan Serea News Reporter Neowin LLC · Dec 25, 2016 with 5 comments HandBrake is an open-source, GPL-licensed, multiplatform, multithreaded video transcoder, available for MacOS X, Linux and Windows. Handbrake can process most common multimedia files and any DVD or BluRay sources that do not contain any kind of copy protection. Here is a detailed breakdown of HandBrake’s features: Built-in Device Presets—Get started with HandBrake in seconds by choosing a profile optimized for your device, or choose a universal profile for standard or high quality conversions. Simple, easy, fast. For those that want more choice, tweak many basic and advanced options to improve your encodes. Supported Input Sources—Handbrake can process most common multimedia files and any DVD or Blu-ray sources that do not contain any kind of copy protection. Outputs: File Containers: .MP4(.M4V) and .MKV Video Encoders: H.265 (x265 and QuickSync), H.264(x264 and QuickSync), H.265 MPEG-4 and MPEG-2, VP8 and Theora Audio Encoders: AAC / HE-AAC, MP3, Flac, AC3, or Vorbis Audio Pass-thru: AC-3, E-AC3, DTS, DTS-HD, TrueHD, AAC and MP3 tracks Additional features: Title/ Chapter Selection Queue up Multiple Encodes Chapter Markers Subtitles (VobSub, Closed Captions CEA-608, SSA, SRT) Constant Quality or Average BitRate Video Encoding Support for VFR, CFR and VFR Video Filters—Deinterlacing, Decomb, Detelecine, Deblock, Grayscale, Cropping and Scaling Live Video Preview HandBrake 1.0.0 changelog: General New online documentation at https://handbrake.fr/docs Completely overhauled the official presets New general use presets for broad compatibility New device presets, now more up-to-date for common devices New web presets New Matroska (MKV) presets, including VP9 video with Opus audio Official presets from HandBrake 0.10.x are still available under Legacy New JSON-based preset system including command line support New JSON-based API for interacting with libhb Improvements to audio/video sync engine to better handle difficult sources Many miscellaneous bug fixes and improvements (over 1700 code commits!) Video VP9 video encoding via libvpx Intel QuickSync Video H.265/HEVC encoder Requires Intel Skylake or newer CPU Ultra HD / 4K color pass through (support for BT.2020) Additional standard frame rate selections in the graphical interfaces New Auto anamorphic mode maximizes storage resolution, replaces Strict anamorphic mode New Pad filter (command line only for now) New Decomb/Deinterlace filter settings and improved defaults Rotate filter now available in all graphical interfaces New NLMeans filter tunes Tape and Sprite for analog tape recordings and vintage video games, respectively Assembly optimizations NLMeans filter improve performance up to 10% Assembly optimizations in x264 encoder improve performance for faster presets by 5-10% x265 encoder quality improvements, especially when using tune grain High bit depth encoding support via external shared libraries (video pipeline is still 8-bit 4:2:0) x264 10-bit x265 10-bit and 12-bit Audio Opus audio encoding/decoding via libopus Passthru now supports E-AC-3, FLAC, and TrueHD audio formats Subtitles Improved subtitles rendering for some languages via HarfBuzz Miscellaneous subtitles improvements [full release notes] Download: HandBrake 1.0.0 (32-bit) | 9.7 MB (Open Source) Download: HandBrake 1.0.0 (64-bit) | 10.1 MB Links: HandBrake Website | Other Operating Systems Tags Handbrake Video converter Video encoder Video transcoder Convert video Encoder Encode video Movie converter Open source Software Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story EMDB 2.66 Next Story Stellarium 0.15.1 Community Activity Refresh Details of Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 leaked ahead of CES launch in Front Page News Dog mauls husband and wife after they tried to dress 'Scarface' in a sweater in Real World News Trump will to recognize Crimea to Russia in Real World Issues Looking ahead: For Microsoft, 2017 will be a year of work, play, and creativity unleashed in Front Page News Telegram quietly ends Android 2.2, 2.3 and 3.0 support in Front Page News BANNED You are not Permitted to view this Forum - Not Really in Site & Forum Issues After three years, bitcoin gets back to $1,000 in Front Page News Internet Explorer suffers 55% YoY decline in market share, Google Chrome increases slightly in Front Page News Related Stories HandBrake 1.0.1 Dec 30, 2016 Any Video Converter Free 6.0.7 Dec 15, 2016 Any Video Converter Free 6.0.5 Nov 28, 2016 AviDemux 2.6.15 Nov 19, 2016 deals PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $69.00 88% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Wireless Charging Pad for Qi-Enabled Devices $68.00 $18.99 72% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Show Comments 5 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Apply Inc. 5000 Europe Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise Launch! LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN SITEMAP PRIVACY AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. STARTUP 17 NYC-Based Startups Ready To Take On 2017 These Startups Are Likely To Grab A Decent Bite of The Big Apple By Yoav Vilner Yoav Vilner is a tech blogger, growth hacker, and startup marketer. He's also the co-founder of Ranky, a startup marketing team. @YoavVilner Co-founder, Ranky@YoavVilner WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Advertisement On the one hand, New York City is one of the most expensive cities to build a startup, mainly due to sky-high real estate prices and salaries. On the other hand, the startup scene in New York City is booming, and the following list of startups proves it. Besides asking investors, entrepreneurs and colleagues, I also found special help in researching with Guy Franklin's " Mapped in NY" project, as well as with Guy Poreh who played senior roles in ad agencies and is now involved in the NYC startup community. These 17 NYC-based startups are diverse, creative and have the New York City grit to boot. Please note that they are listed randomly and not according to importance or priority. Lemonade Lemonade is a different type of insurance company, and they're shaking things up in the old-fashioned and bureaucratic insurance industry. Lemonade has no brokers so fees are lower than average. It's powered by AI on your smartphone, and the kicker is they actually donate your leftover claim money to nonprofits that you designate yourself. The company originally wanted to give policyholders back the unclaimed money, but current law in New York won't allow for that. Lemonade is actively trying to change the law. Lemonade raised $60 million in three rounds in a one-year period, including their $34 million Series B funding by General Catalyst Partners earlier this month. Currently operating in New York, Lemonade announced it had filed for a license in California and wants to expand to other states subsequently. Tailor Brands Founded in 2014 by Yali Saar, Tom Lahat and Nadav Shatz, Tailor Brands is teaching computers to design and present an online, automated full-service branding agency. With over 600,000 users and 20 million designs to date, the online platform can design anything from logos to presentations, and even entire brands, in less than 30 seconds. The platform also allows users to preview their designs before paying for them, and offers different price ranges and bundles, starting at $39. The company creates a new design every 2 seconds, and has recently secured $4 million in funding. HYPR HYPR manages a database that covers 1 billion social media accounts and over 10 million influencers searchable by audience demographic, psychographic and geographic data. HYPR's API provides leading influencer marketing platforms with the tools to automate their activations in-house. Gil Eyal, HYPR's founder, told me he realized that influencer marketing was an untapped field. He wanted to remodel it by providing tools that help analyze the audience of every celebrity and influencer in the world, as well as automate the ability to run measurable, targeted campaigns, at scale. The company received $5 million in seed funding last year. Siemplify Siemplify ThreatNexus is a security orchestration and incident response platform that assists analysts and security teams by contextualizing their day-to-day threat landscape. Siemplify recently announced funding led by 83 North and G20 Ventures, and has some notable investors including the founder of Arcsight, as well as executives from Rackspace and Intel, among others. The Siemplify ThreatNexus solution is designed for analysts to orchestrate and automate the full spectrum of security operations from a single pane of glass. The highly visual and intuitive product is used globally by some of the largest security teams to help prevent breaches and has become one of the tool analysts rely on to respond to and manage threats. BioCatch Financial fraud is taking a toll on banks and consumer confidence to the tune of $16B a year in the US alone. Investors see the need for companies like BioCatch, which has raised $11.6 million so far. The company developed behavioral analytic technology that optimizes fraud detection by analyzing human-device interactions to protect users and data. The technology identifies people with more than 500 behavioral parameters to create unique profiles for each user based on their habits and responses within online and mobile applications. BioCatch's approach is completely invisible and works continuously throughout the online session. The Company was founded in 2011 by Avi Turgeman and Uri Rivner, experts in neuroscience research, machine learning and cyber security. CoheroHealth It is estimated that 50 million Americans have either asthma or COPD, and these numbers are expected to grow. CoheroHealth is trying to improve this health epidemic with their suite of products aimed at tracking respiratory health. Since the products are used a lot with kids, it rewards improvement and pushes data to doctors' desktops in real-time. The company, founded in 2012 by Daniel Weinstein and Melissa Manice, just received $9 million in Series A funding, with a total of $11 million raised. Their products were approved by the FDA last year, allowing them to reach and help more people. MentAd MentAd is a predictive marketing analytics platform for B2C companies, helping them find and acquire customers through targeted advertising campaigns. They utilize big data and machine learning to analyze existing customers in order to find new ones who are similar, then target them through the right channels and with personalized price points. Based in New York and in Israel, and backed by $4.7 million in funding, the company was founded by Daniel Romano and Yuval Baror, with backgrounds in marketing and R&D, respectively. Conversocial Conversocial is a customer engagement platform for the always-on mobile, social customer. The platform enables businesses to offer real-time customer service by delivering a unified #SocialFirst approach to a new generation of customer interaction. Founded in 2009 by Joshua March, Conversocial now has a funding of $22 million, headquartered in NYC and London, and is a Twitter and Instagram partner as well as a Facebook Preferred Developer. Pepperi Founded in 2005 by Asaf Ofer, Pepperi has become known as a leading B2B commerce platform for consumer goods manufacturers and wholesalers, enabling their field sales teams to digitally sell and merchandize goods, and for their customers to order directly through online storefronts. Pepperi recently opened a New York City office and has been digging their heels into the Big Apple. Pepperi's clients include GUESS, SodaStream, Hallmark, Zippo, Paul Mitchell, and Manischewitz. Unique to the startup scene, Pepperi is 100% funded by private investors, and has secured multiple rounds of private investor funding over the past 4 years. Algomizer Algomizer is a marketing technology startup that develops and markets a pool of unique software solutions, that automate and optimize campaigns on the internet and the world's leading platforms (Google, Facebook, Twitter, etc.). Algomizer enables small businesses to advertise and promote themselves "with just one click of the mouse." Based in both NYC and Israel, Algomizer was awarded the Google Award in 2015 for bringing the biggest number of new customers to advertise on Google's platform that year. Just this past May they released the Ad-Assistant, a solution that makes online marketing more simple for small business owners. With Aviv Berkovitch serving as co-founder, Deputy CEO and CMO, and Noam Band serving as the company's CEO, the company has just raised a round of $14 million and is publicly traded. Lightricks Lightricks are the creators of two of the most successful paid apps ever, Facetune and Enlight. They recently launched Facetune 2, a free and subscription-based follow-up. The launch is the second version of their initial product, Facetune - a fun and powerful portrait photo editor that that has more than 7 million paid downloads, was the #6 Best Selling Paid App for iOS in 2014, #5 in 2015, #4 in 2016, and is currently used as Facebook's case study for user acquisition. The company's second app Enlight, a comprehensive mobile photo editor, was a runner-up in Apple's best apps of 2015, was a best-seller in 120 countries, and was recently named one of Apple's top 10 paid apps of 2016. After bootstrapping its early growth, the company raised $10 million in August 2015 to expand, with several products planned. Lightricks has offices in New York City and Jerusalem. INTURN INTURN is a B2B platform that addresses the operational complexities of the off-price retail space and the steep drop-off of merchandise value, with initial focus on the apparel and footwear sector. INTURN replaces the existing sales processes by providing brands and retailers with a high level of visibility into their businesses, a content-rich inventory management system and a negotiation platform to better drive liquidity. Their customers include some of the world's most recognizable brands and retailers located in 35 countries. INTURN has raised $13.5 million and is backed by Forerunner Ventures, Novel TMT, Lerer Hippeau Ventures, Beanstalk Ventures and Benvolio Group, among other strategic investors. Eko (Previously Interlude) Founded by Israeli rock singer Yoni Bloch, Eko is a media and technology company pioneering a new medium in which stories told in live action video are shaped by viewers as they unfold. The company provides the leading technology platform for the creation and delivery of interactive entertainment and partners with media companies, independent creators and top brands to create experiences for highly-engaged, digitally native audiences. Eko Studio, which includes the company's authoring tools, is also home to a large and growing community of creators who are crafting their own interactive experiences with Eko's medium. Eko investors include Innovation Endeavors, Intel Capital, Marker, MGM, NEA, Samsung, Sequoia Capital, Sony, Warner Music Group, and WPP. The company is based in New York with offices in Tel Aviv and Los Angeles. Taykey Backed with $32m from Sequoia Capital and Eric Schmidt, Taykey solves the problem of people living in their own echo-chamber and only seeing what their friends or like minded individuals care for. With Taykey you can see how other people feel about a product, a news event, or a presidential candidate without being surprised in the aftermath. Taykey is a real-time audience data company. By tracking vasts amount of public online data, such as social posts, searches, blog posts and comments online, Taykey is able to get a the full picture of what matters to any audience a company could care for. Up until now, Taykey offered its technology for media buyers, but in 2017, Taykey will launch its insights platform enabling any company to have a full view of online trends. Takey is headquartered in NYC but with offices worldwide, and among their clients you can find Coca-Cola, VW, Samsung, GAP, P&G, Toyota, Apple & more. Rebelmouse Founded in 2012 by Paul Berry, RebelMouse is a content management system that is optimized to distribute that content throughout social media channels. Companies can see how their content is performing and being shared in real-time, as well as connect companies to social media accounts based on relevancy from those individuals' own social media activity. Their more advanced functionality includes A/B testing capabilities, SEO capabilities, social email outreach toolsets, options for customization and third-party integrations. RebelMouse has received $18.75 million in funding so far; the last was a Round A funding of $6 million in 2015. Plated Plated is a creative solution to everyone's (and especially families') struggle to properly manage their time and prepare healthy food at home. Members can choose recipes each week and then receive all the ingredients directly to their home so that they can make gourmet meals themselves. Founded in 2012 by Nick Taranto and Josh Hix, the company received Series B funding last year -- $35 million -- with a total of $56.4 million in funding over 8 rounds since 2013. Their appearance on the reality show Shark Tank in 2015 boosted their funding significantly as well as their overall reach with the public. Olo Olo was funded by Noah Glass in 2005 and has raised some impressive funds so far. Earlier this year Olo raised $40 million from The Raine Group, and later raised an additional $23 million in funding from various investors including PayPal and RRE Ventures. Olo is a digital ordering system for the restaurant industry, notably for enterprise-level businesses like Jamba Juice, Chipotle, Cold Stone and Five Guys. Consumers can order food from their mobile device and "Skip the Line" or get food delivered by paying directly on the app. I will be keeping tabs on these companies to see what they cook up next. So, for now, Happy Holidays, Happy New Year, and see you in 2017! The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Dec 25, 2016 Advertisement
null
null
Press Esc to close Tuesday 03 January 2017 News updated at 1:52 AM IST Archives Weather Max: 27.7°C Min : 14.6°C In Bengaluru Sunny day  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   New Delhi   Metrolife   Metro   Region   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   ePaper    SP's war moves to Delhi; Mulayam approaches EC for symbol      Russia delivers advanced Sukhoi jets to China after 2-yr delay      NRIs, Indians returning home to show old notes to Customs      Service charge by hotels/restaurants not mandatory: Govt      Don't vote on caste lines,rivals busy saving blackmoney,kin: PM Modi      Women molested on New Year eve, HM Parameshwara blames 'western ways'      'He announced several UPA-era schemes', Sena mocks PM address      Outgoing CJI questions Centre over transfer of HC judges      Indian cricket will do well under retired judges: Thakur      LS deputy speaker Thambidurai appeals to Sasikala to become CM      IS claims nightclub carnage as Turkey hunts attacker      Will implement Lodha Reforms right away: Ganga Raju      India successfully test fires Agni-IV ballastic missile      I am fine with it, says Shirke on sacking after SC order      Beleaguered BCCI top honchos accept SC verdict      Cannot seek votes in name of religion, caste: SC      Delhi Police Head Constable shoots self at Supreme Court      Fight over SP's cycle symbol; ball in EC's court      Sensex trips on 1st trading day of 2017, logs loss     Next Story Smog takes over Chinese social media Read more >> You are here: Home » Supplements » Cyber Space » Gaming firms take e-sports to women Gaming firms take e-sports to women Gregory Schmidt, Dec 26, 2016, INYT Mark Religioso, a brand manager for the video game publisher Bandai Namco Entertainment, wants more women to be involved in the professional gaming arena known as e-sports, where players compete in video game tournaments to win thousands of dollars in prize money. So this year, Religioso began planning “Bonnie and Clyde” tournaments, where e-sports teams consist of one man and one woman. He also began laying the groundwork for a mentoring program to foster interest in e-sports among women. “These are baby steps so that we can get more women on the team,” he said. “We need to make the scene a welcoming place.”Religioso’s efforts are one of several recent moves by video game makers and publishers to increase diversity in e-sports, which is rapidly becoming one of the video game industry’s most visible segments. As more women play video games, the e-sports industry is starting to focus on getting more of them involved in professional competition to help the effort expand and become mainstream. Revenue from e-sports is expected to surpass $1 billion worldwide by 2018, yet the viewership for e-sports is only 15 percent female, according to the market research firm SuperData. There is little data on the number of women who actually play e-sports, but anecdotal evidence suggests the figure may be small. Efforts to increase diversity in e-sports go back more than a decade but have started gathering momentum. In 2003, the French e-sports company Oxent began organising annual women-only tournaments; 40 teams competed in the 2016 tournament in Paris, an increase of 25 percent over the previous year. Twitch, the Amazon-owned site that livestreams video game play, began hosting Misscliks, a support community for women in gaming, three years ago after some of its founders became dismayed by the lack of women in e-sports. Twitch also established Inclusivity City, an area for diversity organisations, at its annual convention, TwitchCon, which ran September 30 to October 2 in San Francisco. And this year, apart from Bandai Namco’s efforts, Intel and the e-sports company ESL partnered to form AnyKey, an advocacy organization that seeks to create support networks and provide opportunities for women in e-sports. Many women gamers welcome these efforts. With a predominance of professional male players, the culture of the video game industry has long been perceived as misogynistic. Women in e-sports have frequently faced heckling from teammates and anonymous threats of rape and murder. “It’s an extremely toxic environment for women,” said Stephanie Harvey, 30, who is a top competitor in e-sports tournaments for the game “Counter-Strike: Global Offensive.” “To be a woman in e-sports, you have to have a thick skin.”How effective these efforts will be in drawing more women to e-sports is uncertain. Although Oxent, which has run the Electronic Sports World Convention for 13 years, has organised women-only tournaments for years for Counter-Strike, there is little evidence that they are encouraging more women to play competitively. Some gamers think the events reinforce the idea that women are not capable of competing with men.Lâm Hua, the head of content at Oxent, said the women-only tournaments were not entirely successful in drawing more women to e-sports, but after much debate, the company decided that they were “the first step in the grand scheme of women recognition in the sport.” For now, he said, they were “a necessary evil.” Other diversity efforts in e-sports have focused on normalising the idea of women in gaming. Anna Prosser Robinson, a programming manager and onscreen personality at Twitch, helped push the company’s diversity initiatives after seeing women rise up, then drop out of e-sports. “We would see these awesome, compelling women be excited” about e-sports, she said. “Six months later, they would be gone.” The goal of Misscliks, she said, was to provide support and resources to encourage those women to create a network on Twitch and stay in e-sports. Prosser Robinson also helped bring diversity to TwitchCon this year with Inclusivity City, a physical space on the convention floor that hosted several diversity organizations like AnyKey and Hack Harassment, as well as a Smash Sisters tournament for women who play Nintendo’s Super Smash Bros. fighting games. “Inclusivity is a core value of our brand,” Chase, a Twitch spokesman who goes by one name, said of the diversity effort at the convention. “It was a success this year and definitely something we could consider for next year.”AnyKey, the creation of Intel and ESL to increase the number of women in e-sports, focuses on two areas. One is research and discussion of the diversity issue, headed by T.L. Taylor, a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and the other is initiatives and solutions, led by Morgan Romine, a former e-sports player. AnyKey organised a women-only e-sports tournament in March at one of the industry’s largest events, the Intel Extreme Masters competition in Katowice, Poland. Romine said she saw women-only tournaments as a way to strengthen players’ skills and move them into open competition.“There is a lot of work that needs to be done, giving more women confidence and experience in that space,” she said. Religioso of Bandai Namco said he began noticing the lack of female e-sports players at regional e-sports tournaments last spring, like Final Round in Atlanta and Combo Breaker in Chicago.With the growth in e-sports, he saw an opportunity to reinvigorate interest in the company’s Tekken franchise. Next year, Bandai Namco will release “Tekken 7,” a one-on-one fighting game that the company hopes will be popular among e-sports competitors. Women make up about 23 percent of the fan base for the Tekken fighting games, Religioso said, but few are playing them competitively.Rather than segregate men and women, Religioso wants them to work together in the “Bonnie and Clyde” tournaments. He also wants to introduce Western audiences to the Tekken Girl’s Club, a mentorship program in Japan in which professional players teach women to master the game’s mechanics. Another solution to encourage more women into e-sports would be to change the way video games are made and marketed. Stephanie Llamas, director of research and insight at SuperData, said women should be participating more on the business side of the industry and developing games with women in mind.“It’s difficult to understand the demographic if you are not part of that demographic,” she said.   Tweet Go to Top Videos Mulayam Singh avoids question on rift in... Bengaluru rings in New Year in style... SC sacks Anurag Thakur as BCCI President... Film producer Abis Rizvi killed in Istanbul... Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.Such incidents do happen: Parameshwara on Bengaluru molestation charge 2.PM should apologise to nation after end of 50-day period: Cong 3.CM Siddaramaiah fuels job quota debate, pleads for reservation in pvt sector 4.Face punishment for note ban woes, AAP tells Modi 5.Former TN chief secretary slams centre for raids 1.Manual khatas not valid for property registration: minister 2.NRIs, Indians returning home to show old notes to Customs 3.Retail trends to watch out for in 2017 4.Equip yourself with skills for tomorrow 5.Diners can refuse to pay service charge 1. Women molested on New Year eve, HM Parameshwara blames 'western ways' 2. Kaif trolled for doing 'Surya Namskar', answers back critics 3. Beleaguered BCCI top honchos accept SC verdict 4. NRIs, Indians returning home to show old notes to Customs 5. Cannot seek votes in name of religion, caste: SC Photo Gallery Vehicles move amidst a thick blanket of fog in Bhopal on Monday... Tourists click selfies amid fresh snowfall in Kufri near Shimla on Monday... Chief of the Air Staff, Air Chief Marshal BS Dhanoa arrives to pay homage at Amar Jawan Jyoti... Shuttler PV Sindhu and coach P Gopichand walk the ramp during the Opening Ceremony of the... People enjoy boating on the Narmada river on the first day of new year 2017 in Jabalpur on... Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama with high monks and devotees on the first day of... A Sikh devotee blows fire during the Nagar Kirtan (Procession) to celebrate 350th birth... Sikh devotees perform marshal arts during the Nagar Kirtan (Procession) to celebrate 350th birth... , J&K: A man tries to climb huge icicles at Kokarnag in Anantnag District of South Kashmir on... BJP supporters at the party's Parivartan Rally in Lucknow on Monday... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2014, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523

NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Home Search Skip to content Skip to navigation View mobile version The New York Times Technology|Why the Computing Cloud Will Keep Growing and Growing Search Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go http://nyti.ms/2hlEmWJ Loading... See next articles See previous articles Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Advertisement Supported by Technology Why the Computing Cloud Will Keep Growing and Growing Bits By QUENTIN HARDY DEC. 25, 2016 Continue reading the main story Share This Page Continue reading the main story SAN FRANCISCO — Jeff Bezos of Amazon, along with a couple of his rivals, may eventually control much of the $1 trillion global market for business computers and software. That is because Amazon Web Services, his big-business computing division, is starting to affect more than just the world of computer servers, data storage and networking at the core of computing. Increasingly, it is also entangled with mobile phones, sensors and all sorts of other devices in the so-called Internet of Things. It’s the same story at Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud Platform, the other two big cloud companies. Start-ups and giant corporations rent the core resources, along with related software, instead of owning and running their own machines. What’s next? As innovations like artificial intelligence and connected devices become popular, customers are putting cloud components in mobile computing, home games and email marketing campaigns. In other words, the big clouds aim to be everywhere. Continue reading the main story Advertisement Continue reading the main story “When has Amazon ever thought about anything other than world domination?” said Lydia Leong, who follows cloud computing at Gartner. Not content to be in big centralized data centers, she said, “they want to be at the edges, whether that is a customer’s own computers or the Internet of Things.” Advertisement Continue reading the main story This aim for domination was clear at Amazon’s big customer conference, called Re:Invent, which was held in Las Vegas this month. About 32,000 people went to the fourth annual event. In one talk at the conference, an Amazon Web Services executive showed off the company’s 8,700-mile undersea cable, part of an A.W.S. global network that each day adds computing power equal to that inside a Fortune 500 corporation, and spoke about this expansion. He talked about crushing the costs of servers and networking, most likely sad news for old tech giants that make those things, like Dell and Cisco. In a nice bit of showmanship during the main keynote, Andy Jassy, the head of A.W.S., appeared onstage with an 18-wheel truck carrying a device that could suck 100 petabytes of data out of a customer’s computers and put it in the Amazon cloud. That is equal to two billion filing cabinets of paper, which a surprising number of companies now possess in digital form, thanks to things like video and sensors. Put that together with some software Mr. Jassy talked about that would be on chips made by Intel but capable of gaining access to the A.W.S. cloud, and you get the picture: There isn’t a part of computing Amazon doesn’t want to touch. It is easy to see why this matters to Amazon. In the third quarter, A.W.S. had revenue of $13 billion a year, growing at 55 percent annually. A.W.S. was 10 percent of Amazon’s revenue, but more than 100 percent of the company’s operating income. Amazon’s international retail business lost money, and United States retail sales are nowhere near as profitable. Amazon says it is hardly moving away from a core business of providing large-scale computing, but rather finding more ways to sell stuff related to it by moving to edge devices. “We see it less as a move from one to the other, and more of an extension,” an Amazon spokeswoman, Mary Camarata, wrote in an email Saturday. “We have an enormous number of customers excited about leveraging the capabilities.” But Amazon is not alone in this business, and the competition is getting more intense. A.W.S. now has 81 services, including ways to work on home video games. Microsoft’s 67 services include Internet of Things “hubs” and email marketing campaigns. Google has 53, including ways to deploy mobile software globally and steer performance with data analysis. Comparisons of services are difficult, as one company’s service may encompass two or three offered by another. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Machine learning — a method for computers to gain knowledge without being programmed with that information — is front and center for Alphabet’s Google, said Urs Hölzle, the head of technical infrastructure at Google Compute. Google has recently shown off its own global network of submarine cables, along with local devices like cloud-connected office whiteboards. Over the next year, Mr. Hölzle said, Google will open about one new Compute facility a month. Building out across the globe, with sometimes $1 billion or more in a facility, is critical in some cases to meet local data regulations. Equally, the big cloud companies all want to be as close to customers and their devices as possible. “Global proximity is a huge advantage,” said Corey Sanders, the director of program management at Azure. “This is a way to transform your business, including the way devices on the edge act.” There are profound consequences from the scale and ambition of this trend. Given their size, wealth and technical expertise, the big cloud companies are likely to build cheaper designs and demand lower prices for everything in computing. Who is to say they don’t affect the devices themselves? That is starting to dawn on the rest of the industry. On the first day of Re:Invent, Mr. Jassy had a private lunch with about 10 venture capitalists. It is an annual affair, where he indicates where A.W.S. is going, and they figure out how to make money from it. “He wasn’t explicit, but if you were hoping to invest in storage, computing — anything below applications — you are hosed,” said Dharmesh Thakker, a partner at Battery Ventures, who attended the lunch. “Andy is smart and approachable, but reading between the lines, I’m not sure this is good for the V.C. ecosystem.” A version of this article appears in print on December 26, 2016, on Page B3 of the New York edition with the headline: Why the Computing Cloud Will Keep Growing and Growing. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe Continue reading the main story We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think. Related Coverage BITS Billing by Millionths of Pennies, Cloud Computing’s Giants Take In Billions APRIL 10, 2016 BOYDTON JOURNAL Cloud Computing Brings Sprawling Centers, but Few Jobs, to Small Towns AUG. 26, 2016 Google Effect Rubs Off on Schools in One Rural Oklahoma Town DEC. 11, 2016 Bits Insight and analysis on Silicon Valley and the technology industry. What U.S. Tech Giants Face in Europe in 2017 JAN 1 Daily Report: Russia Is Punished for Hacking, but for How Long? DEC 30 Daily Report: Tech Resolutions for 2017 DEC 29 Daily Report: A New Approach to Clean Technology DEC 28 Daily Report: Inside Snopes, a Fighter of Fake News DEC 27 See More » Related Coverage BITS Billing by Millionths of Pennies, Cloud Computing’s Giants Take In Billions APRIL 10, 2016 BOYDTON JOURNAL Cloud Computing Brings Sprawling Centers, but Few Jobs, to Small Towns AUG. 26, 2016 Google Effect Rubs Off on Schools in One Rural Oklahoma Town DEC. 11, 2016 What's Next Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Home Search Accessibility concerns? Email us at accessibility@nytimes.com. We would love to hear from you. Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions
Computerworld The Ethernet ecosystem today is driven by applications, not speed alone News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook The Ethernet ecosystem today is driven by applications, not speed alone Diverse applications in new and traditional industry verticals expand the Ethernet family By David Chalupsky, Director, Ethernet Alliance Board of Directors, Principal Engineer, Intel (Network World) 21 December, 2016 09:07 - - - - print email Comments For many years, Ethernet evolution was characterized by the “need for speed” as networks and data centers sought higher and higher throughput. But over time, Ethernet has found its way into applications unforeseen by the developers of the original specification, resulting in a broad and varied Ethernet ecosystem. Today the desire to bring the advantages of Ethernet into new applications necessitates a new approach where the needs of the application are considered first and foremost in defining new Ethernet incarnations. In this new paradigm, the Ethernet roadmap combines new and existing data rates with other attributes to meet various applications’ requirements. Considerations can include distance, environmental factors, acquisition vs. operational cost, longevity vs. fast time to market, ease of use and flexibility, physical infrastructure reuse and even the size and weight of the cabling. In use cases ranging from industrial processes to security to connected cars, Ethernet is increasingly enabling your lifestyle, safety and productivity. New Ethernet applications Two new Ethernet specifications illustrate the application-driven approach for the automotive environment, which requires lightweight cabling and robustness in the face of harsh environmental conditions. The IEEE 802.3bw-2015 100BASE-T1 and IEEE 802.3bp-2016 1000BASE-T1 standards provide 100 Mb/s and 1000 Mb/s Ethernet over a single twisted pair copper cable in the “connected car” and mark the entry of Ethernet into vehicular applications to connect the growing number of intelligent devices found there.  As the number of connected devices in a vehicle design increases, the more valuable it becomes to provide the automotive industry with an in-vehicle, homogenous network architecture, and Ethernet serves that purpose very well. Enthusiasm appears to be high in this area, as industry discussion is already addressing the topic of “what’s next?” for automotive Ethernet. Don’t be surprised, but the answer may be to go both faster and slower. The most cost and power sensitive devices, without a lot of data to move, may benefit from a single-pair 10 Mb/s specification. On the other hand, connecting sensors and compute resources for autonomous, self-driving vehicles will cause the bandwidth needs to surge well past 1 Gb/s, and Ethernet may be put to work once again to fill this need. Extending this idea even further, the IEEE 802.3 10 Mb/s Single Twisted Pair Ethernet Study Group is focused on bringing Ethernet protocol with lower costs and longer reaches to industrial automation, building automation and automotive applications. Although we primarily consider Ethernet to be a data network protocol, consider Ethernet’s utility in moving electric power along the same copper cable as the network data, referred to as Power over Ethernet (PoE). PoE has long been used as a means to power wireless access points, security cameras and IP telephones. Now, new PoE specifications are in the works to provide higher power and more efficient PoE on 4-pair cabling, as well as providing PoE over the single pair cabling used by 100/1000BASE-T1. Currently, 4-Pair PoE is being standardized by the IEEE P802.3bt task force to deliver power over all 4 twisted pairs, versus the two pairs in current PoE and PoE+ technology. On one hand, this higher power PoE capability will enable higher bandwidth applications, such as higher speed wireless access points. On the flip side, this capability can also be used where little data transmission is needed, such as intelligent lighting systems. To complement 100BASE-T1 and 1000BASE-T1 networks, IEEE P802.3bu is specifying power delivery over the same single pair cable used for data for applications in internal automotive networks. The goal here is reducing the weight and cost of wiring harnesses – one of the heaviest items in an automotive bill of materials. New applications in traditional markets As Ethernet has progressed into new application areas, the existing infrastructure needs of enterprise campus applications have also driven a choice of speed. Serving this need, IEEE Std 802.3bz-2016 defines 2.5 Gb/s and 5 Gb/s MAC operating speeds, and 2.5GBASE-T and 5GBASE-T PHYs operating over category 5e, category 6, or better cabling. The technology is already in products where it allows users to realize greater data bandwidth from the 70+ billion meters of installed cabling while also supporting PoE for our beloved wireless access points. What’s next in this whirlwind of new Ethernet applications and corresponding standards? This most versatile and adaptable protocol continues to evolve. Don’t worry – the need for speed is still there, and development is underway to specify Ethernet links at 50/100/200/400Gbps, from a few inches to tens of kilometers in reach. This is where the network adrenaline junkies thrive, putting to work the latest in electrical and optical signaling technologies in that robust and cost effective form that we call Ethernet. Undoubtedly, the diverse, even currently unimagined networking needs of the Internet of Things (IoT) will drive new Ethernet applications as well. A standard that began life over 30 years ago to connect computers to printers at 10 Mb/s continues to evolve to serve myriad new applications, with no end in sight. About the author: Chalupsky is a Principal Engineer in Intel’s Data Center Group focusing on Ethernet products, IP, and standards development. With Intel since 1988, Dave has held a variety of hardware development and engineering management roles, which began with single board industrial computer design. An active contributor to the advancement of the Ethernet ecosystem, he is a Director of the Ethernet Alliance and the NBASE-T Alliance, and chairs the Ethernet Alliance BASE-T subcommittee.  He sits on the advisory board for the University of New Hampshire InterOperability Lab (UNH-IOL), and previously chaired two BASE-T-related standards development projects in IEEE 802.3.  The Internet of Things in the Real World More from Avaya Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about IEEEIntelStudy Group Editor's Recommendations Former CBA IT exec jailed for role in kickback scheme Data retention: Government consults on use of data in civil court action Vodafone to launch cyber security centre ATO commissions review after ‘worst unplanned outage in recent memory’ Microsoft’s Pip Marlow to join Suncorp ASX CIO Tim Thurman to return to Canada Read more Veeam Resources Centre Related Whitepapers Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner The Smarter, Faster Way to Move to Windows 10. Why Cloud Computing is the Future How to Stay Protected Against Ransomware Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Former Ericsson ANZ chief joins Telstra as CTO New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile Why Azure’s cloud chief believes Microsoft is in prime position In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Tech companies like Privacy Shield but worry about legal challenges Tech companies like Privacy Shield but worry about legal challenges The future of data transfers between the EU and US is uncertain, companies say Grant Gross (IDG News Service) 21 December, 2016 22:00 - - - - print email Comments Privacy Shield, the new international framework allowing companies to transfer customer data between the EU and the U.S., is getting good reviews so far, but some companies aren't betting on it for the long term. Companies using Privacy Shield worry that it may face the same fate as long-used predecessor the Safe Harbor Framework, which was overturned by the European Court of Justice in October 2015 after revelations of mass surveillance by the U.S National Security Agency.  Digital Rights Ireland and French civil liberties group La Quadrature du Net have also challenged Privacy Shield in court, saying the new framework doesn't adequately protect Europeans' privacy. While U.S. companies are embracing Privacy Shield, many European businesses are "still concerned that Privacy Shield will not hold up under court scrutiny, and they will find themselves in the same scenario as they were in October 2015, when the Safe Harbor agreement was struck down," said Deema Frei, global privacy officer at Intralinks, a New York cloud-based content collaboration provider. Some European companies see Privacy Shield certification as a "tick box" compliance exercise, she added. With some doubts about its long-term viability, companies should also consider other data transfer agreements, such as EU model clauses or binding corporate rules, she recommended. However, if companies can get certainty about Privacy Shield's future, and if it won't be "attacked in the long term by data privacy activists trying to discredit it and challenge its validity, I believe it will work in the long run," Frei added.  More than 1,100 users As of early December, about five months after Privacy Shield went into effect, about 1,150 U.S. companies had signed up to handle European customer data under Privacy Shield, up from about 500 at the end of September. Another 600 U.S. companies had applications under review. Those numbers compare to more than 4,500 U.S. companies that had participated in the Safe Harbor data-transfer program, according to the U.S. Department of Commerce. Like Intralinks, cloud security firm CipherCloud is worried about the legal challenges to Privacy Shield, said David Berman, senior product marketing manager there. "If a European Court decision does invalidate Privacy Shield, there will be another period of uncertainty" similar to what happened after the Safe Harbor agreement was struck down, he said. "If the new framework can withstand legal challenges it should continue to attract companies that want an overarching mechanism to transfer EU data to the U.S." Small and medium-size businesses, as well as cloud providers, seem to be embracing Privacy Shield, but the new data transfer rules impose more obligations than the old agreement, Berman said.  "Privacy Shield has more privacy protections for individuals than Safe Harbor, so firms will have to be more diligent and ensure they are complying with the new privacy principles or risk public disclosure of a violation by the U.S. Department of Commerce," he said. "Some firms may find the increased oversight, additional requirements, and sanctions for non-compliance under Privacy Shield a barrier to adoption." Compliance and surveillance With the number of Privacy Shield companies still lagging behind those that used Safe Harbor, this could indicate that Privacy Shield is more difficult to comply with, added Elodie Dowling, corporate vice president and general counsel for Europe, the Middle East, and Africa at BMC Software. In addition to the legal challenges, some EU data privacy regulators have suggested that Privacy Shield "does not do enough to curtail U.S. surveillance," Dowling added. EU privacy regulators will review the agreement in 2017. The legal challenges may be only beginning, she added. Max Schrems, the Austrian man who led the fight against Safe Harbor, has questioned how 500 companies received certification in the first month Privacy Shield was available. "This is undoubtedly showing that there are serious concerns around ... Privacy Shield and its ability to indeed protect EU citizen’s fundamental right of privacy when their personal data is being transferred to the U.S.," Dowling said. BMC has not yet signed up for Privacy Shield, instead deciding to "rely on another mechanism to safely and legally transfer personal data outside of the EU anywhere in the world" -- through binding corporate rules. For Privacy Shield to succeed, it needs support from the EU, including the data protection authorities in each member state, added David Hoffman, Intel's associate general counsel and global privacy officer. Intel supports the new agreement but wants to keep other mechanisms, such as binding corporate rules, in place as well, he said. If data transfers are between subsidiaries of the same company, companies can use binding corporate rules to define the data responsibilities. As an alternative to Privacy Shield, companies can protect external transfers through model contract clauses restricting what the receiving company may do with the data.  But companies are concerned about the future of those alternate data transfer methods as well, Hoffman said. While Privacy Shield and alternative transfer methods are in place for now, the future is uncertain. "Some of the same arguments about Safe Harbor and Privacy Shield can be made about alternative transfer methods," he said. "If there are concerns about law enforcement and national security agencies accessing information, then there would be the same concerns about alternative methods because those agencies can also access it when it's transferred by other means." The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about CipherCloudDepartment of CommerceEUindeedIntelIntralinksNational Security Agency Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Ransomware Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies On the Radar: FinalCode addresses persistent file security challenges for the enterprise EMA Survey Report Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Account Delivery Lead NSW EOI - TIBCO Developer QLD C Programmer ACT WebMethod Developer QLD Knowledge and Configuration Coordinator ACT Systems Administrator VIC UI Developer VIC TRIM Technical Developer - Canberra based QLD Business Analyst - DAF QLD Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Should Google buy Slack to bridge messaging gap? 4 information security threats that will dominate 2017 Will site blocking stop internet pirates in Australia? In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). CSO Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile It's 2017 and changing other people's flight bookings is incredibly easy What to do if your data is taken hostage Critical flaw in PHPMailer library puts millions of websites at risk Computerworld After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Corporate boards aren't prepared for cyberattacks Tips for new tech devices Software is eating the food world ARN ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? ​Big business supports Aussie tech but fails to give start-ups a fair go IT services chief faces court over union fraud allegations ​Overseas investor acquires Hemisphere Technologies What the govt’s IT outsourcing trend means for Aussie partners Techworld Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 How to hang on to Windows 7 for the long run The US has sanctioned Russia over election hacking New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile CMO Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 CMO’s top 16 marketing stories of 2016 How an Australian tech company won licensing rights around Star Wars CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 21 December CMO interview: Taking test and learn marketing to the extreme at Expedia Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Computerworld US cyber security mission to showcase Australian credentials News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook US cyber security mission to showcase Australian credentials Alastair MacGibbon and Craig Davies to lead Austrade cyber security delegation to the US Austrade (Computerworld) 21 December, 2016 15:29 - - - - print email Comments Australia’s world-class cyber security capabilities and researchers will be showcased to global players attending the RSA Conference in San Francisco from 13–17 February 2017. Alastair MacGibbon, Special Adviser to the Prime Minister on Cyber Security, and Craig Davies, the recently appointed CEO of the Australian Cyber Security Growth Network, will jointly lead Austrade’s delegation to the United States. The mission will provide Australian companies with briefings from key American cyber security experts, industry updates and connections to leading companies with potential business opportunities. Nicola Watkinson, Austrade’s Senior Trade and Investment Commissioner for North America, said the US is recognised as the global leader in cyber security, with four of the top five cyber security vendors headquartered in the US. ‘The industry is based around technology centres which are mapped out in our recently released Cyber Security US Clusters Report. The US federal government is the primary driver of the US cyber security industry, followed by the banking and finance, healthcare, critical infrastructure and ICT industries,’ said Watkinson. The US federal government’s initiative to improve cyber security for critical infrastructure positions it as the biggest spender and supporter of cyber security in the US, with US$19 billion (A$25.1 billion) budgeted for 2017. Outside of the government, the banking and finance sector spends the most on cyber security, which is projected to exceed US$68 billion between 2016 and 2020. In 2015, JPMorgan spent US$500 million on cyber security, while Bank of America has announced cyber security is its only division without a spending limit. ‘Recently I had the opportunity to visit the Citibank Cyber Fusion Centre,’ said Watkinson. ‘The way in which leading private-sector players are grappling with cyber threats provides some great examples of industry best practice, and a chance for Australian solution providers to see where the trends are heading and how they can capture a piece of this growing business.’ San Francisco’s Bay Area is a cyber security hotspot in the US and receives the most venture capital investment in the country. A total of US$12 billion (A$15.8 billion) was invested in the first two quarters of 2016. Read more Vodafone to launch cyber security centre Ms Watkinson said leading global cyber security firms Symantec, Intel, Palo Alto Networks, Cisco and FireEye all have their headquarters in the Bay Area and have established a presence in Australia. ‘This provides Australia’s cyber security businesses with an added advantage. We are also assisted because Australia is a popular testbed for technology, as well as the home of some of the best cyber security research institutions, making us an attractive ecosystem,’ noted Watkinson. ‘Beyond The Bay, other established clusters are found in DMV (Washington D.C., Maryland and Virginia), Massachusetts (Boston), the New York Tri-State Area and the San Antonio-Austin Corridor. ‘US companies across finance, defence, critical infrastructure and healthcare are rapidly gearing up to address cyber security threats. Australian companies looking to grow their business should consider working with Austrade to tap into market trends, new government initiatives and the extensive network of contacts available to capture this market opportunity,’ said Watkinson. Read more No such thing as safe browsing RSA Conference 2017 marks the 26th anniversary of the world’s leading information security conference, which attracted over 40,000 attendees last year. The mission also builds on the ongoing initiatives being implemented by Australia’s Landing Pads program, which commenced when San Francisco was established as the first of five global locations in February this year. The Landing Pads program, managed by Austrade, is part of the Australian Government’s National Innovation and Science Agenda to help Australian entrepreneurs bring their ideas to market and build high-growth, high-return enterprises. With a network of six offices in New York, San Francisco, Washington DC, Boston, Chicago and Houston, Austrade is well placed to assist Australian businesses. Visit Austrade’s US Market Profile for more information about doing business in the United States. The Internet of Things in the Real World More from Avaya Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags securitycyber security More about Bank of AmericaCiscoFireEyeIntelPalo Alto NetworksRSASymantec Editor's Recommendations Former CBA IT exec jailed for role in kickback scheme Data retention: Government consults on use of data in civil court action Vodafone to launch cyber security centre ATO commissions review after ‘worst unplanned outage in recent memory’ Microsoft’s Pip Marlow to join Suncorp ASX CIO Tim Thurman to return to Canada Read more Veeam Resources Centre Related Whitepapers On the Radar: FinalCode addresses persistent file security challenges for the enterprise EMA Survey Report Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Former Ericsson ANZ chief joins Telstra as CTO New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile Why Azure’s cloud chief believes Microsoft is in prime position In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Market Place Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
Computerworld Tech companies like Privacy Shield but worry about legal challenges News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Tech companies like Privacy Shield but worry about legal challenges The future of data transfers between the EU and US is uncertain, companies say Grant Gross (IDG News Service) 21 December, 2016 22:00 - - - - print email Comments Privacy Shield, the new international framework allowing companies to transfer customer data between the EU and the U.S., is getting good reviews so far, but some companies aren't betting on it for the long term. Companies using Privacy Shield worry that it may face the same fate as long-used predecessor the Safe Harbor Framework, which was overturned by the European Court of Justice in October 2015 after revelations of mass surveillance by the U.S National Security Agency.  Digital Rights Ireland and French civil liberties group La Quadrature du Net have also challenged Privacy Shield in court, saying the new framework doesn't adequately protect Europeans' privacy. While U.S. companies are embracing Privacy Shield, many European businesses are "still concerned that Privacy Shield will not hold up under court scrutiny, and they will find themselves in the same scenario as they were in October 2015, when the Safe Harbor agreement was struck down," said Deema Frei, global privacy officer at Intralinks, a New York cloud-based content collaboration provider. Some European companies see Privacy Shield certification as a "tick box" compliance exercise, she added. With some doubts about its long-term viability, companies should also consider other data transfer agreements, such as EU model clauses or binding corporate rules, she recommended. However, if companies can get certainty about Privacy Shield's future, and if it won't be "attacked in the long term by data privacy activists trying to discredit it and challenge its validity, I believe it will work in the long run," Frei added.  More than 1,100 users As of early December, about five months after Privacy Shield went into effect, about 1,150 U.S. companies had signed up to handle European customer data under Privacy Shield, up from about 500 at the end of September. Another 600 U.S. companies had applications under review. Those numbers compare to more than 4,500 U.S. companies that had participated in the Safe Harbor data-transfer program, according to the U.S. Department of Commerce. Like Intralinks, cloud security firm CipherCloud is worried about the legal challenges to Privacy Shield, said David Berman, senior product marketing manager there. "If a European Court decision does invalidate Privacy Shield, there will be another period of uncertainty" similar to what happened after the Safe Harbor agreement was struck down, he said. "If the new framework can withstand legal challenges it should continue to attract companies that want an overarching mechanism to transfer EU data to the U.S." Small and medium-size businesses, as well as cloud providers, seem to be embracing Privacy Shield, but the new data transfer rules impose more obligations than the old agreement, Berman said.  "Privacy Shield has more privacy protections for individuals than Safe Harbor, so firms will have to be more diligent and ensure they are complying with the new privacy principles or risk public disclosure of a violation by the U.S. Department of Commerce," he said. "Some firms may find the increased oversight, additional requirements, and sanctions for non-compliance under Privacy Shield a barrier to adoption." Compliance and surveillance With the number of Privacy Shield companies still lagging behind those that used Safe Harbor, this could indicate that Privacy Shield is more difficult to comply with, added Elodie Dowling, corporate vice president and general counsel for Europe, the Middle East, and Africa at BMC Software. In addition to the legal challenges, some EU data privacy regulators have suggested that Privacy Shield "does not do enough to curtail U.S. surveillance," Dowling added. EU privacy regulators will review the agreement in 2017. The legal challenges may be only beginning, she added. Max Schrems, the Austrian man who led the fight against Safe Harbor, has questioned how 500 companies received certification in the first month Privacy Shield was available. "This is undoubtedly showing that there are serious concerns around ... Privacy Shield and its ability to indeed protect EU citizen’s fundamental right of privacy when their personal data is being transferred to the U.S.," Dowling said. BMC has not yet signed up for Privacy Shield, instead deciding to "rely on another mechanism to safely and legally transfer personal data outside of the EU anywhere in the world" -- through binding corporate rules. For Privacy Shield to succeed, it needs support from the EU, including the data protection authorities in each member state, added David Hoffman, Intel's associate general counsel and global privacy officer. Intel supports the new agreement but wants to keep other mechanisms, such as binding corporate rules, in place as well, he said. If data transfers are between subsidiaries of the same company, companies can use binding corporate rules to define the data responsibilities. As an alternative to Privacy Shield, companies can protect external transfers through model contract clauses restricting what the receiving company may do with the data.  But companies are concerned about the future of those alternate data transfer methods as well, Hoffman said. While Privacy Shield and alternative transfer methods are in place for now, the future is uncertain. "Some of the same arguments about Safe Harbor and Privacy Shield can be made about alternative transfer methods," he said. "If there are concerns about law enforcement and national security agencies accessing information, then there would be the same concerns about alternative methods because those agencies can also access it when it's transferred by other means." The Continuum from Building to Buying your infrastructure More from Dell EMC Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about CipherCloudDepartment of CommerceEUindeedIntelIntralinksNational Security Agency Editor's Recommendations Former CBA IT exec jailed for role in kickback scheme Data retention: Government consults on use of data in civil court action Vodafone to launch cyber security centre ATO commissions review after ‘worst unplanned outage in recent memory’ Microsoft’s Pip Marlow to join Suncorp ASX CIO Tim Thurman to return to Canada Read more Veeam Resources Centre Related Whitepapers Dell EMC Global data protection index II EMA Survey Report Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Former Ericsson ANZ chief joins Telstra as CTO New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile Why Azure’s cloud chief believes Microsoft is in prime position In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Market Place Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Wanted: More women CIOs (but do they want the job?) Wanted: More women CIOs (but do they want the job?) Although women account for less than 20 percent of CIOs at large enterprises, experts say new leadership opportunities are emerging as companies undertake digital transformations. Clint Boulton (CIO (US)) 21 December, 2016 02:02 - - - - print email Comments Men hold the overwhelming majority of positions in IT leadership, where women fill less than 20 percent of CIO roles at top-performing companies. The lack of diversity remains a thorny issue heading into 2017 and the numbers are unlikely to improve markedly, a painful failing for corporate boards starving for diverse C-suites. But there is a silver lining, if you can call it that: Experts say some women working for increasingly digitally focused companies are choosing leadership roles outside of IT. In an effort to bolster gender diversity in the C-suite, corporate boards are asking executive recruiters to "scour the universe" for female candidates, says Gerry McNamara, global managing director of the information officers practice at Korn/Ferry International. Korn Ferry International Gerry McNamara, Korn/Ferry International. "Most managers understand that ethnically and gender-diverse talent means diversity of thought and they want to make sure that they have a team that is thinking broadly," McNamara says. However, McNamara also says the effort is challenging because the number of male CIOs candidates is significantly higher than female candidates. [ CIO.com blogs: Diverse-IT ] The spotlight on the diversity challenge have never been brighter. In recent years, statistics released by Apple, Google, Facebook and other tech companies detailing poor workplace diversity have become a sore spot. Gender diversity issues are particularly acute in the C-suite. A Korn/Ferry analysis of top 1,000 performing companies by revenue found that women currently fill only 24 percent of prominent C-Suite titles, such as CEO, CFO, CIO and CMO. The poll also revealed that only 19 percent of CIOs are female. Diversity in tech headed the wrong way Focus that lens on the Fortune 500 and the female CIO count is even smaller. Last year, 87 of the Fortune 500 had female CIOs, or 17.4 percent, according to Sharon Gillenwater, founder and editor in chief of C-suite marketing consultancy Boardroom Insiders. As of November 1, the number dropped to 75, or just 15 percent. And while 20 percent of Fortune 100 companies have women CIOs in 2016, the number is down from 24 percent in 2015, Gillenwater says. Boardroom Insiders. Sharon Gillenwater, Boardroom Insiders. [ Related: Battling gender bias in IT ] The numbers are as overwhelming as they are unsurprising. Korn/Ferry’s McNamara says gender diversity in the C-suite, particularly for technology managers, is a systemic issue he's seen since he began his executive recruiting career at Heidrick & Struggles in 1995. One of the reasons is that IT still suffers from the perception problem: Most people still view the CIO as some guy with a computer science background who manages servers. The male-dominated culture, portrayed in television shows such as the AMC series "Halt and Catch Fire," can be unappealing to women. It needn't be this way, says McNamara, who notes that the CIO role has evolved beyond the data center to become more focused on driving business transformations and customer-facing initiatives. The digital era is characterized by on-demand services and the democratization of mobile and cloud computing. Two decades ago most corporate computers were sealed in air-conditioned rooms. Today consumers walk around with smartphones in their pockets and order products and services from the likes of Amazon.com and Uber. McNamara says that while a technical background helps, many successful CIOs today are smart, high-performing leaders who can manage complex, large-budget projects and deliver them on time. "The path for CIOs used to be development, infrastructure, architecture and over time you'd become a candidate for a CIO role," McNamara says. "But you don't need to [follow] that path anymore. There are a number of CIOs who aren't technical but are great leaders." Women’s leadership choices extending beyond IT But here's another truth: There are also a number of women for whom the CIO role is simply not as attractive as other emerging functions. The proliferation of digital transformations has given rise to several prominent, high-level positions for strong female leaders. Witness GE's Beth Comstock, who after introducing lean startup principles at the industrial manufacturer while serving as CMO, was promoted to vice chair of business innovations, where she focuses on business model transformation. And some top-performing women CIOs, including GE's Jamie Miller, Deutsche Bank's Kim Hammonds and Intel's Kim Stevenson, have been promoted to other roles within their organizations. [ Related: 4 women describe their nontraditional journeys to tech ] "Maybe the CIO role is not the ultimate choice for women who can pick and choose where they go," says Gillenwater, of Boardroom Insiders. Gartner analyst Tina Nunno says more women are moving into chief digital officer or similar roles. “It’s a highly strategic, customer-facing role, and quite a few women are gravitating to that particular role,” Nunno says. Earlier this week, Rent-A-Center CIO Angela Yochem hired Wal-Mart executive Lety Nettles as vice president of digital integration, a newly created position at the furniture company. Whether women who assume leadership roles outside of IT return to become CIOs in the future remains a question. But corporate boards are keenly interested in instituting more diversity in their C-suites because of empirical evidence that diversity tends to engender greater profitability. In February, the Peterson Institute for International Economics and EY found that companies with at least 30 percent women in leadership roles may boost their net profit margins by 15 percent compared to those with no female leaders. There is no easy path to solving the gender diversity problem, though Nunno says the greater awareness Silicon Valley companies have brought to diversity can help. For instance, she says that recent controversies about unequal pay have forced Silicon Valley companies to review and compare salaries of women and men. "This could force companies to look more objectively at how people are performing and have a much broader discussion on who they're looking at as potential leaders," Nunno says. The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about Amazon.comAppleCMODeutsche BankFacebookGartnerGEGoogleHeidrick & StrugglesIntelKorn/FerryRent-A-CenterUberWal-Mart Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Ransomware Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies The Nervous, the Vigilant and the Battle-Scarred - IT Security Personas Revealed Making IT smarter with advanced event correlation and management Obtaining ROI from HPE Operations Bridge Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Account Delivery Lead NSW UI Developer VIC DevOps Engineer WA SSIS Developer NSW Senior Projects Engineer | Systems Integration and IT Managed Services NSW Senior Murex Developer VIC PMO Analyst - Financial Services NSW Program Support Officer NSW Technical Specialist, Identity and Acess Management VIC Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Vodafone Australia set to build inaugural cyber defence and response centre HPE embarks on internal investigation after ATO outage ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). CSO Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile It's 2017 and changing other people's flight bookings is incredibly easy What to do if your data is taken hostage Critical flaw in PHPMailer library puts millions of websites at risk Computerworld After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Corporate boards aren't prepared for cyberattacks Tips for new tech devices Software is eating the food world ARN ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? ​Big business supports Aussie tech but fails to give start-ups a fair go IT services chief faces court over union fraud allegations ​Overseas investor acquires Hemisphere Technologies What the govt’s IT outsourcing trend means for Aussie partners Techworld Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 How to hang on to Windows 7 for the long run The US has sanctioned Russia over election hacking New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile CMO Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 CMO’s top 16 marketing stories of 2016 How an Australian tech company won licensing rights around Star Wars CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 21 December CMO interview: Taking test and learn marketing to the extreme at Expedia Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Analytics 50 proves the power of a good partnership Analytics 50 proves the power of a good partnership CIO.com and Drexel University’s LeBow College of Business worked together to make the inaugural year of the Analytics 50 awards program a success. Dan Muse (CIO (US)) 23 December, 2016 10:04 - - - - print email Comments We write a lot about collaboration and partnerships at CIO.com. After all, it has never been more important for IT leaders to partner — whether that means working with the growing number of vendors that provide critical competencies once firmly rooted on-premises or, perhaps more importantly, partnering with CMOs and other C-level executives in departments that command their own technology budgets. While our primary role as technology journalists is to provide information to help you do your jobs better, leverage your expertise and advance your careers, we sometimes have the opportunity to practice what we preach. [ Analytics 50 winners for 2016 ] We’re proud of our partnership with Drexel University and the LeBow College of Business, and the fruits of that collaboration: the Analytics 50 awards program. This initiative, which we expect to expand in the coming years, is a blend of academia and media. A lot of partnerships look good on paper. This one certainly did, because Drexel’s Decision Sciences department and CIO.com are both committed to reporting on analytics. It’s a natural fit. But partnerships don’t thrive because they look good on paper. While logistics, criteria and deadlines are always challenges, this project evolved easily from the moment we first discussed ways we could work together. Diana Jones and Murugan Anandarajan from Drexel University not only ensured the Analytics 50’s success by bringing vision and commitment to business analytics, but they also showed an unrelenting understanding of what makes collaboration work — recognition of shared goals, patience, empathy and a sense of humor. On Nov. 9, we recognized the Analytics 50 honorees at an event in Philadelphia at Drexel University’s Gerri C. LeBow Hall, and we further highlight these inspiring business analytics projects in our feature story “Innovators Reap Results.” CIO.com Senior Writer Thor Olavsrud, our award-winning reporter of all things analytics, dives deep into five winning projects. Choosing only five of the 50 winners was challenging. But after poring over the entries, we decided on Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia, Intel, the New Mexico Department of Workforce Solutions, the Philadelphia 76ers and The North Face. As you read Olavsrud’s story, you’ll note collaboration and partnership aren’t empty words. For example, Braden Moore, the Philadelphia 76ers’ director of analytics and insights, sums up a sentiment that permeates this year’s honorees. “We didn’t necessarily have any metrics or KPIs specific to the model. Instead, we had the organizational revenue and retention targets. One of the organization’s core values is ‘Collaboration Wins.’ Therefore, it wasn’t about the success of this analytics project as much as it was a piece of the overall picture.” The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about Intel Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Ransomware Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies The Nervous, the Vigilant and the Battle-Scarred - IT Security Personas Revealed The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation Making IT smarter with advanced event correlation and management Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Account Delivery Lead NSW EOI - TIBCO Developer QLD C Programmer ACT WebMethod Developer QLD Knowledge and Configuration Coordinator ACT Systems Administrator VIC UI Developer VIC TRIM Technical Developer - Canberra based QLD Business Analyst - DAF QLD Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Should Google buy Slack to bridge messaging gap? 4 information security threats that will dominate 2017 Will site blocking stop internet pirates in Australia? In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). CSO Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile It's 2017 and changing other people's flight bookings is incredibly easy What to do if your data is taken hostage Critical flaw in PHPMailer library puts millions of websites at risk Computerworld After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Corporate boards aren't prepared for cyberattacks Tips for new tech devices Software is eating the food world ARN ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? ​Big business supports Aussie tech but fails to give start-ups a fair go IT services chief faces court over union fraud allegations ​Overseas investor acquires Hemisphere Technologies What the govt’s IT outsourcing trend means for Aussie partners Techworld Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 How to hang on to Windows 7 for the long run The US has sanctioned Russia over election hacking New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile CMO Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 CMO’s top 16 marketing stories of 2016 How an Australian tech company won licensing rights around Star Wars CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 21 December CMO interview: Taking test and learn marketing to the extreme at Expedia Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Jobs Cars Property Directory Announcements Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Larne Times Search More Close ] What's On Theatre & Comedy Music Arts & Screen News Transport Crime Education Business Politics Environment Health Your Say Offbeat Celebs NI National Sport Football Motor Sport More Sport Irish Sport National Sport What's On Music Arts & Screen Lifestyle Cars Live screening of the Tempest 08:34 Tuesday 13 December 2016 In the New Year Theatre at the Mill will have a special treat for Shakespeare fans. The venue will be screening The Tempest live from the Royal Shakespeare Company on Wednesday January 11, 2017. On a distant island a man waits. Robbed of his position, power and wealth, his enemies have left him in isolation. But this is no ordinary man, and this no ordinary island. Prospero is a magician, able to control the very elements and bend nature to his will. When a sail appears on the horizon, he reaches out across the ocean to the ship that carries the men who wronged him. Creating a vast magical storm he wrecks the ship and washes his enemies up on the shore. When they wake they find themselves lost on a fantastical island where nothing is as it seems. Simon Russell Beale returns to the RSC after 20 years to play Prospero in this ground-breaking production directed by Artistic Director Gregory Doran. In a unique partnership with Intel, the production will be using today’s most advanced technology in a bold reimagining of Shakespeare’s magical play, creating an unforgettable theatrical experience. This is a live screening from The Royal Shakespeare Company and the show begins at 7pm. Tickets, priced £12 and £10 (concession) are on sale now from the Theatre at the Mill Box Office on 028 9034 0202 or online theatreatthemill.com. Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with Larne Times means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to Larne Times You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to Larne Times Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Join Us On Explore News Sport Lifestyle What's On More from Larne Times Announcements Bingo Buy a Photo Directory Dating Jobs Local Guide Cars Property Public Notices Useful Links Contact us Advertise My Business Advertise a Job Place your ads Subscribe © 2017 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
Tapscape Follow Home iPhoneToggle iPhone Apps iPhone Games iPhone Accessories iPhone News iPadToggle iPad Apps iPad Games iPad Accessories iPad News MacToggle Mac Apps Mac News AndroidToggle Android Apps Android Games TechnologyToggle Apple Web & Dev Smartphones Tablets GearToggle Laptops Cameras Television & Displays Storage GadgetsToggle Reviews Gaming E-readers Home iPhoneToggle iPhone Apps iPhone Games iPhone Accessories iPhone News iPadToggle iPad Apps iPad Games iPad Accessories iPad News MacToggle Mac Apps Mac News AndroidToggle Android Apps Android Games TechnologyToggle Apple Web & Dev Smartphones Tablets GearToggle Laptops Cameras Television & Displays Storage GadgetsToggle Reviews Gaming E-readers Search Go Xiaomi Mi Notebook Pro hardware specs reveal a quad-core CPU and powerful GPU 23/12/2016 by Muhammad Omer Gadgets Technology Laptops Share The hardware specifications and pricing details of the ‘soon to be announced’ Xiaomi Mi Notebook Pro have been announced, and while it will be far from cheap, you will have the ideal price/performance notebook around that also dazzles in looks. After looking at the previous products the company announced, the Mi Notebook Pro should come with an aluminum body, making it highly durable as far as quality goes. Additionally, one of the biggest changes according to My Drivers is the fact that the upcoming notebook is going to come with a 4K display. 4K displays on notebooks are becoming a reality, but they carry much larger price tags, so it looks like Xiaomi is releasing quite the competitor. However, while the 4K display is attractive, it could be the primary difference standing in the way of achieving an adequate level of performance. If the 4K resolution fact comes out to the true, you’d do well to scale that down to 1080p for better performance. Other details claim that the Mi Notebook Pro is going to come with Intel’s 6th generation Skylake processor, and not just any processor, but an i7-6700HQ. For those that don’t know, this CPU is a quad-core chip running at a speed of 2.60GHz and is normally found in high-end notebooks, so we know that the company will be targeting the enthusiast crowd. It has also been detailed that the notebook will come packing with 16GB of RAM and a 512GB SSD. It has not been revealed if the SSD will support the SATA interface or PCIe one, but we’ll wait for the official details to arrive to provide the update. One last thing; the Mi Notebook Pro will come with an NVIDIA GTX 960M, which is nowhere near the league of the GTX 1000 series of chips, but for a notebook that’s going to cost you less than $900, you obviously should not complain about what you’re receiving. Mi Notebook Pro xiaomi Share Older iPhone 7 Plus owners, your cameras could suffer from hardware issues Newer Influencer Marketing Hub is the leading Business Resource for many things Influencer Marketing Related iPhone 7 Plus owners, your cameras could suffer from hardware issues 23/12/2016 iPhone Dell mistakenly revealed the powerful hardware of its XPS 15 23/12/2016 Gadgets Samsung Notebook 9 come with better CPUs and desktop-level storage 20/12/2016 Gadgets You might have to pay more to purchase a Galaxy S8 20/12/2016 Smartphones Microsoft’s Surface Studio components are quite easy to upgrade, if you possess the skills 20/12/2016 Gadgets LeEco has introduced a OnePlus 3T competitor called the Cool S1 20/12/2016 Smartphones How to Lower Your Mobile Data Usage 19/12/2016 Technology Yahoo Hacked: 1-Billion Users Data Sold for $300K 17/12/2016 Technology Latest Influencer Marketing Hub is the leading Business Resource for many things Influencer Marketing 24/12/2016 iPhone iPhone 7 Plus owners, your cameras could suffer from hardware issues 23/12/2016 iPhone Dell mistakenly revealed the powerful hardware of its XPS 15 23/12/2016 Gadgets Samsung Notebook 9 come with better CPUs and desktop-level storage 20/12/2016 Gadgets You might have to pay more to purchase a Galaxy S8 20/12/2016 Smartphones Microsoft’s Surface Studio components are quite easy to upgrade, if you possess the skills 20/12/2016 Gadgets LeEco has introduced a OnePlus 3T competitor called the Cool S1 20/12/2016 Smartphones How to Lower Your Mobile Data Usage 19/12/2016 Technology Submit Your App For Review Advertise Contact About Follow
TechRadar pro IT insights for business Search RSS News Reviews Insights TechRadar Business Laptop/PC Printers Hardware Software Mobile working Security Networks Management Data centre & Cloud Reviews Vensmile K8 Mini PC review Hands on: Vensmile K8 Mini PC review Not yet rated By Desire Athow PC & Mac  A computer built into a foldable keyboard Shares What is a hands on review? Jump to Section: Best Price Comments Our Early Verdict The Vensmile K8 is all about practicality – it is a computer that’s both portable and has a usable keyboard and touchpad. Don’t expect a road warrior for this price, though. For Innovative form factor VGA adaptor Against Only two USB ports Poor performance Geekbuying sent us the Vensmile K8, an entire computer that is about the size of a standard keyboard which is foldable and costs just over £137 (around $170, AU$230) – not a bad price for what you get here. (That price is exclusive of any taxes that may be levied by HMRC or the courier companies on behalf of the vendor. Want to buy tech from online Chinese retailers? Read this first.) The K8 comes with an HDMI cable, a 15W (5V3A) adaptor and a rather elegant, leather-like, carrying pouch. Note that the device is advertised as waterproof but what this actually means is that the keyboard is spill-proof; immersing the K8 completely in water will kill it. Unfold the K8 and you’ll find a rubber keyboard with 87 keys and a small metal box on the right. The device is meant to be used as a temporary computer. There’s no indication as to how many strokes the keys are expected to last but given the very nature of the material, don’t expect them to last tens of millions of keystrokes (as is the case for most mechanical keyboards). Typing on it is not the greatest of experiences – it’s a bit hit and miss as the device only registers a keystroke when you hit the middle of the key rather than the edges – but it’s definitely better than typing on a non-responsive capacitive display. At least you have actual feedback rather than just haptic feedback. The keyboard base is about 2mm thick while the keys add another 2mm. The elevated touchpad is located on the top of the computer, and it is a tiny 85 x 12 x 120mm affair; there are three status lights (‘worked’, power and lock) just above. A raised surface is not something common on personal computers, so it takes some time to acclimatise to this. The fact that it is on the right-hand side will put off some left-handed users. It also doesn’t have any left or right click buttons which is frustrating; instead you have to double-tap with two fingers to bring up the options menu. Flip the computer over and you will see slits on the underside – to help cool the components – and four tiny rubber feet. The chassis of the PC is metallic so that should help with cooling as well. As for most of the entry-level PC devices we’ve seen recently, this one comes with the same assortment of components. There’s a quad-core system-on-a-chip, the Intel Atom x5-Z8300, which is clocked at 1.44GHz with 2MB of cache and a Gen8 GPU. It is flanked by 4GB of RAM, 64GB eMMC storage (which can be supplemented by a microSD card), 802.11n Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.0. Surprisingly, it sports a legacy port, an antiquated VGA connector, which is great if you have old projectors or displays. There’s also an HDMI port, one USB 3.0 plus a USB 2.0 port and an earphone jack along with a retractable antenna. Switch on the computer – the power button is on the side – and the classic Windows 10 installation process kicks off with no pre-registration tricks.  However, within seconds, it asks for a product key – just going further (skip it), allowing the installation to proceed until the end and allowing the system to reboot solves that problem. Performance-wise, this is an entry-level computer so your expectations should be tempered accordingly. It is, after all, an Atom-based computer, albeit with 4GB of memory and 64GB on-board storage which should be enough for lightweight computing. Tests across five benchmark programs (see the results above) showed that the K8 ranks among the weaker devices that use this trio of hardware components, reaffirming our belief that this is more of a casual device aimed at users seeking a secondary computer for remote working. Early verdict The K8 is a tale of two halves. On the one hand, there is much to be liked about it. We appreciated the form factor and the fact that it is a complete computer that you can shove in your back pocket is great – plus you can use it on any television set without needing to cart along a keyboard and a mouse. On the other hand, the performance delivered by the K8 is one of the lowest we’ve seen on an Intel Z8300 coupled with 4GB of RAM and 64GB storage. Why it performs so poorly remains a mystery. As concerns potential improvements for a theoretical K9, swapping out the proprietary connector for a microUSB one should be on the agenda, although top of the priority list should be sorting out those performance issues.  An embedded battery would also be fabulous in case you want to type a quick email in a cybercafé without the need to hunt for a power socket. There’s also a very solid case for using the Vensmile K8 as an out-and-about thin client, especially if it is made a tad more rugged. Its ability to be used on almost any surface (even curved ones) and the fact that it has a spill-proof keyboard could be useful in certain circumstances. We’ve rounded up some of the best business productivity gadgets ABOUT THE AUTHOR Desire Athow Editor, TechRadar Pro Désiré (Twitter) has been musing and writing about technology since 1997. Following an eight-year stint at ITProPortal.com where he discovered the joys of global techfests, Désiré now heads up TechRadar Pro What is a hands on review? 'Hands on reviews' are a journalist's first impressions of a piece of kit based on spending some time with it. It may be just a few moments, or a few hours. The important thing is we have been able to play with it ourselves and can give you some sense of what it's like to use, even if it's only an embryonic view. For more information, see TechRadar's Reviews Guarantee. Load Comments GET YOUR FREE MAGAZINE NET: The Money Issue worth £5.99 Join 13,000 TechRadar Pro subscribers! Sign up for a new, free business service from TechRadar Pro to help you in your job delivering high value, original content direct to your inbox GET MY FREE MAGAZINE No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 CES 2017: What to expect at the massive Las Vegas tech show 2 Best Apple Watch apps for your smartwatch in 2016 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 4 The 10 best 4K TVs of 2016 5 10 best wireless headphones available today 1 The 10 most disappointing games of 2016 2 Apple might have a plan to keep your AirPods in your ears 3 iOS 10.3 beta already? Here are the rumored iPhone and iPad features 4 Watch Tesla Autopilot mode predict and avoid a nasty car crash 5 The first LG G6 phone leak shows it’s back on the right path TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
null
Menu Home About/Contact Privacy Policy Staff Follow Home World U.S. Business Entertainment Technology Sports Science Health Education Home » Headlines » Business » Electrophoresis Technology Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Analysis and Forecast to 2015-2022: Brisk Insights Electrophoresis Technology Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Analysis and Forecast to 2015-2022: Brisk Insights By ganeshkumar   /   Monday, 26 Dec 2016 04:08AM   /   Comments Off on Electrophoresis Technology Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Analysis and Forecast to 2015-2022: Brisk Insights   /   96 views share According to a recently published report, the Electrophoresis Technology Market is expected to grow at the CAGR of 5.5% during 2015-2022. The segmentation of global Electrophoresis Technology market is based on application, technology, end users and geography. The report on Global Electrophoresis Technology Market Forecast, 2015-2022 (by application, technology, end users and geography) provides detailed overview and predictive analysis of the market. Detailed study on this Research : http://www.briskinsights.com/report/electrophoresis-technology-market The electrophoresis market continue to grow with a greater pace from last decade the growth is driven by rising R&D expenses by governments, increasing industry and academic collaborations. The significant increase in the number of collaboration has increased the growth in electrophoresis market. The use of electrophoresis in various research application has contributed towards the growth. The world class research universities are taking front foot for such partnership. Example: Microsoft-Cisco-Intel University of Melbourne joined hands in 2008. For Same Category Reports Visit Here: http://www.briskinsights.com/category/technology-and-media-industry Scope of the report 1. Global Electrophoresis Technology Market by application, 2012 – 2022 ($ billion) 1.1. Research Application 1.2. Diagnostic Application 1.3. Quality Control and Process Validation 2. Global Electrophoresis Technology Market by end user application, 2012 – 2022 ($ billion) 2.1. Academic institution 2.2. Hospitals and diagnostic laboratories 2.3. Pharmaceuticals and biotechnology companies 2.4. Research organization 3. Global Electrophoresis Technology Market by technology, 2012 – 2022 ($ billion) 3.1. Gel Electrophoresis 3.1.1. Gel electrophoresis by instrument type 3.1.1.1. Horizontal gel system 3.1.1.2. Vertical gel system 3.1.2. Gel electrophoresis by gel type 3.1.2.1. Agarose gel 3.1.2.2. Polyacrylamide gel 3.2. Capillary Electrophoresis 3.2.1. Capillary Zone Electrophoresis 3.2.2. Capillary Gel Electrophoresis 3.2.3. Capillary Electro chromatography (CEC) 3.2.4. Micellar Electro kinetic Capillary Chromatography (MECC) 3.2.5. Capillary Isoelectric Focusing 3.2.6. Capillary Isotachophoresis 3.3. Reagents 3.3.1. Protein Reagents 3.3.2. Nucleic acid Reagents 3.4. Imaging and Informatics 3.4.1. 1D Imaging and Informatics 3.4.2. 2D Imaging and Informatics 4. Global Electrophoresis Technology market, regional outlook, 2012-2022(in $billion) 4.1. North America 4.2. Europe 4.3. Asia Pacific 4.4. Middle East & Africa 4.5. Latin America Request Free Sample: http://www.briskinsights.com/sample-request/137 5. Company profiles 5.1. AB SCIEX LLC (formerly Beckman coulter inc.) 5.2. Advanced Analytical Technologies Inc. 5.3. Bio-Rad Laboratories 5.4. Biotech Fischer GMBH 5.5. CBS Scientific Company, Inc. 5.6. Danaher Corporation 5.7. Decodon GMBH 5.8. GE Healthcare Bio-Science 5.9. Harvard Bioscience 5.10. Helena Laboratories 5.11. Perkinelmer, Inc. 5.12. Picometrics Technologies SAS 5.13. Qiagen N.V. 5.14. Sebia Inc. 5.15. Sigma-Aldrich Corp 5.16. Syngene 5.17. Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. Latest Reports:  http://www.briskinsights.com/report/fracking-proppant-material-market http://www.briskinsights.com/report/radar-system-and-technology-market http://www.briskinsights.com/report/thermal-interface-materials-market About Us : Brisk Insights is a global market research firm. Our insightful analysis is focused on developed and emerging markets. We identify trends and forecast markets with a view to aid businesses identify market opportunities optimize strategies. Working in a highly dynamic and multi-dimensional business makes decision making complex. Effective business decisions are a result of the synthesis of market information. Our Research and data analysis is an efficient and cost-effective way of providing robust market analysis and can yield highly valuable intelligence relating to consumers, competitors and markets. Contact Us : Jennifer Smith Office 1094 109 Vernon House Friar Lane Nottingham NG1 6DQ United Kingdom Phone : +448081890034 (UK) Email : sales@briskinsights.com Website : http://www.briskinsights.com/ Share this: Share on Tumblr Global Biosimilars Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Analysis and Forecast to 2015-2022: Brisk Insights < Previous Global Genome Editing Technology Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Analysis and Forecast to 2015-2022: Brisk Insights Next > Recommended stories you may like: Hospital Real Time Location Systems Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Flexographic Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Toilet Care Products Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Skin Lighteners Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Connect with us Latest News Hospital Real Time Location Systems Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 2, 2017, Comments Off on Hospital Real Time Location Systems Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Flexographic Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 2, 2017, Comments Off on Flexographic Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Toilet Care Products Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 2, 2017, Comments Off on Toilet Care Products Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Skin Lighteners Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 2, 2017, Comments Off on Skin Lighteners Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Shaving Lotions Creams Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 2, 2017, Comments Off on Shaving Lotions Creams Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Residential Air Purifiers Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 2, 2017, Comments Off on Residential Air Purifiers Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Residential Air Handling Unit Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 2, 2017, Comments Off on Residential Air Handling Unit Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 2, 2017, Comments Off on Personal Care Electrical Appliances Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Non Electric Shavers Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 2, 2017, Comments Off on Non Electric Shavers Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Mobile Computing Devices Market Research Report Now Available at Research CorridorJan 2, 2017, Comments Off on Mobile Computing Devices Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Other Media Sites Mobile Computing Today PDF Devices © Copyright 2015 Run Direct Magazine. All Rights Reserved.
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate Start-ups continue to buzz at IIT-Madras campus hiring TE Raja Simhan   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet In the first phase of recruitment, 45 start-ups participate Chennai, December 26:   Start-up companies continued to be significant recruiters at IIT Madras this year too, along with other regulars. In the first phase of campus recruitment last week, of the total 176 companies, 45 were start-ups, including Belcan, Citicorp Services, Enfrein, My Ally and Noodle Analytics. A total of 137 offers were made, which saw 116 students being placed. Incidentally, the total number of 45 companies in the first phase is equivalent to the number of start-ups that visited the institute during the entire academic year 2014-15, recruiting118 students. However, the number doubled in 2015-16 with a total of 95 start-ups recruiting 259 students. “We expect a similar trend this year with a significant number of students joining start-ups,” said an official at IIT. The first phase of the 2016-17 placement season at IIT Madras began on December 1 with the ‘graveyard’ session at 00:01 hrs. After a total of 14 sessions of placement interviews, which were scheduled till December 13, a total of 672 out of 1,195 registered students were placed. Along with 57 students who have accepted pre-placement offers, the total number of students placed so far stands at 729. Companies that made a large number of offers include Intel, Citicorp Services, Eaton, Samsung R&D Bangalore, EY, EXL Services, Belcan and Axis Bank. A total of nine international offers were made, including three in the ‘graveyard’ session. A total of 90 participating companies were from the R&D and core sectors. This was followed by 43 from the IT-related sector. There were also more than 35 companies in analytics and consulting, according to IIT Madras data. Interestingly, apart from Indian Navy, ISRO and ONGC that had conducted their placements before December 1, IIT Madras saw participation from Coal India, BEL, and CDAC among government-led companies during the first phase. More PSU and government-led companies are expected on the campus during the next phase, set to commence from mid-January, said a statement from the institute. Manu Santhanam, Advisor - Training & Placement, IIT Madras, in the statement said the first phase of campus placements saw almost 60 per cent of the registered students getting job offers, a situation similar to last year. “We hope the momentum continues in the next phase.” (This article was published on December 26, 2016) Related TOPICS economy, business and finance | manpower | education | universities and colleges | labour | employment | education | science and technology | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor VIDEO Prof Vijay Govindarajan speaks on B-school education ‘B-schools should be able to balance management practice and academic research’ more videos» O P E N close Recent Article in Education IIMs’ autonomy shouldn’t be tampered with: Kumar Mangalam Birla Keen to strengthen academia-industry link, says new Chairman of IIM-A » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards HTC Vive tips & tricks: How to set it up and solve any issues Rik Henderson26 December 2016VR Pocket-lint Setting up isn't as seamless as you'd like Here are tips and tricks Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Of all the virtual reality headsets to come out in 2016, the HTC Vive created the most buzz. It is the most expensive consumer offering but also the most technically advanced, offering full spatial tracking. Its rivals, namely the Oculus Rift and PlayStation VR, are both excellent devices, but even with their own motion controllers, neither offer quite as immersive an experience as the Vive. There is one snag though, it needs a lot of space and patience to set up and use correctly. We encountered several key issues ourselves, causing more than a few expletives to fly, so hopefully our obstacles and the way we overcame them will help you if you come across the same problems. HTC Vive review: An experience that’s out of this world To give you context, we set-up the Vive in a normal, average living room inside a flat, with (just) enough space for the movement aspects of the Vive to work. We also used a gaming-specific tower PC recently built (by ourselves) that exceeds all of the recommended requirements. After, we also set it up on an amazing gaming laptop for good measure, to give a second side to the story. Here is what we found out... Pocket-lint HTC Vive unboxing Considering how much tech is involved, the HTC Vive kit comes in a reasonably compact box. However, lift the upper compartments and you soon find so many leads and power supplies that the whole task ahead of you seems daunting. Technically, the setup process when started on a PC takes a quoted 30 minutes, but opening the box, unsealing all the components, and laying them out in front of you so you can see what's what before you even download the setup software can take anywhere up to 15 minutes before you even switch on your computer. We recommend you do this, as you'll then get an idea of what cable goes with what device, as the package comes with the HTC Vive headset, two base station room sensors, two motion controllers, the link box you need to connect to a PC, and a pair of in-ear headphones. HTC Vive setup software The next stage is to download the software from HTCVive.com/setup. It does a good job of guiding you step by step through the process and is clear and concise. It will even download and install both HTC's Vive software and Steam if you don't already have it. It will also install SteamVR - the main software that is needed to recognise and pair all of your Vive components. If you don't have a Steam account already, the setup software will also help with that. All the HTC Vive experiences and games are available through the Steam platform, so you will need one for sure. We already have a Steam account with more than 500 games (you've got to love a Steam sale), so no trouble there. The software then dwells on each of the components, explaining how you set them up adequately. And it was with the first of these we realised our first problem. HTC Vive base station sensors The HTC Vive kit comes with two base stations, sensors that map where the headset and controllers are at any one time. They are essential to the experience and need to have clear line of sight to the entire play area. They need to be in opposite corners so that their vision overlaps for a better reading of the space and therein lies the problem. HTC provides a wallmount for each of the base stations, so you can screw them into the wall - the setup software even advises you might need a drill. We were using our Vive in a rented accommodation however, so didn't want extra holes in the walls. But as the sensors need to be above head height and angled downwards, it presented quite a problem. We didn't even have any high shelves in the room to sit them on. Pocket-lint Luckily, one answer came in the form of a tripod we use for photography, so that was one base station sorted. It just about reached above head height. The other base station would be more of a problem as we don't have two tripods laying around. The only solution we could come up with was to use the living room door, opened inwards, as a makeshift base station stand. We placed it on top of the door, facing the play area and angled downwards by shoving a USB stick under the rear (as the stations are simply cubes with no tilting mechanism of their own). Pocket-lint It's also worth remembering that each base station gently vibrates - we suspect they have optical motors inside - so you do need to fix them down even if placing them on a shelf. We used duct tape in a very inelegant solution. Worked though. Another issue we were then faced with is that while the base stations communicate to each other and your PC wirelessly, they still required power. Only the one we set-up with the tripod was anywhere near a power socket. The other required a four-way power strip to be stretched across the rear of the living room, getting in the way somewhat and looking clumsy. It also took a while to find as we don't just have spare ones lying around. They don't say that in the manual. Nevertheless, the green lights on each of the sensors lit - to show they are connected and are facing in the right direction - and that stage of the process was complete. HTC Vive wireless controllers We love the style and functionality of the wireless controllers supplied with the HTC Vive. But nowhere did it say in the setup process that you should charge them before use. Maybe you don't, as most products come with quite a bit of charge in them beforehand - enough to get you going anyway. Force of habit though had us putting them on charge as soon as we got them out of the box, so they could be fully charged by the time the setup was complete. It's not a problem, more a helpful tip this time. Pocket-lint They each come with Mini-USB to USB leads and charging adapters, so if you don't have enough USB sockets on a PC to do it, you need to find even more plug sockets. What was more of an issue is that one of the controllers, no matter how we followed the instructions, where we placed it in the room, or how many times we switched it off and on again, wouldn't pair. The other did straight from the box, so it caused more than enough agitation and Basil Fawlty style shouting at the faulty one (see what we did there?). Eventually, we pressed the Menu and System buttons together for 10-15 seconds and that surprisingly did the job. It paired immediately after. This is probably something you can find out online or in the manual, but we fluked it. Pocket-lint HTC Vive link box The next step is to connect the link box, which hooks up to your PC through HDMI and USB 3.0. However, we don't have a spare HDMI socket on our Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 graphics card. Very few graphics cards have two HDMI outputs and we use ours to connect to a 1080p monitor. There's no passthrough on the link box (unlike the forthcoming PlayStation VR) so you can't split the visuals to run to both a monitor and the headset on the device HTC supplies so we were faced with an all-new, more infuriating issue. You need the monitor on to continue the setup process, so can't just plug the link box and headset in instead. So what to do? That's when we realised the link box also has a mini-DisplayPort input and the GTX 1080 has DisplayPorts. What we didn't have to hand however, was a mini-DisplayPort to DisplayPort cable. And there's not one included in the HTC Vive box - just a HDMI cable. Aaaaarrrggghhh! Those yet to set-up their HTC Vive's and have time need to consider a couple of solutions. Either use a different video output to feed a monitor (or TV), thereby leaving the HDMI port free for the link box to connect to, or buy a mini-DisplayPort to DisplayPort cable in advance. We had neither option available to us, so it was time to scratch our heads. We could have stopped and bought a cable from a nearby store, but that kind of lead isn't just available at Argos (we know, we checked). Also, with the setup now sprawled everywhere, we were not to be beaten. Instead, Amazon Prime Now came to the rescue. We found the required cable was available to us, for around a tenner, and bought one to be delivered within a two-hour time slot. It was, we plugged it into the link box and our graphics card, and a bit of restarting and graphics driver updating nonsense, we were fit to go again. It's also worth noting that the link box also requires power, so you'll need yet another empty power socket to hand. That's five now, counting the USB charging adapters for the controllers. HTC Vive room setup wizard and calibration Now that all the hardware was correctly set-up and paired, we needed to calibrate the software for our room dimensions. That also threw up a few issues. Even when running the room setup software on the mega gaming laptop (as we'll discuss a bit further down), we had error messages and one seemingly common fault. The software asks if you want to set up the HTC Vive for room scale or standing operation. Room scale enables you to move around and therefore presents wireframe barriers inside games and experiences so you don't bump into walls or furniture. The standing still option is best for smaller rooms without the required space (of 6.5ft by 5ft). Pocket-lint We opted to set it up for room scale as our space was almost exactly right (slightly more, but just a fraction). The software asked us to point a controller at the monitor to get an idea of overhead direction, and on the next screen asked us to calibrate the position of the floor by placing the controllers in the centre of the space and clicking an on-screen button. An on-screen button that failed to appear. An on-screen button that failed to appear during setup on both the desktop and laptop PCs. This is apparently a common issue and can be solved by clinking next, completing the rest of the setup and then going back into the SteamVR software and running the room setup process again. When run straight from the menu (that appears when you click on the SteamVR icon in your Windows 10 taskbar) you get a calibration button on the exact same page in the wizard. Many have reported that it fails to appear when run from the setup tutorial. This isn't disastrous but is confusing and likely to befuddle normal consumers who aren't already cynical about PCs and hardware installation. Thankfully, the rest of the calibration steps went without fuss. We do have a tip, however; you will be asked to trace the outline of your play area using one of the controllers. We found that the advanced option (enabled through a tick box) offered the chance to simply click in the four corners of the area and the software did the rest. It provided a more accurate reading, we found. HTC Vive tutorial game and sound Finally, we were in a position where the HTC Vive was usable. We had video running to box the headset and our desktop computer. The controllers worked and worked well, and we were in a wonderful and empty holding landscape. We were in VR, hurrah! Hang on though, where's the sound? The sound was coming from our PC speakers rather than the in-ear headphones supplied. Not once did it give us an option to change that in the setup wizard. The start of the tutorial mentioned sound, but without any options to change it. If you find yourself without sound like us, you have to explore the SteamVR software options again, where you will find the settings. Once the settings pop-up has appeared, you'll need to change the options in the audio section so that sound is fed to the headphones. Our default was just to our PC speakers, but we changed it to feed the headphones only when we were using the HTC Vive. Pocket-lint You can have it feed both headphones and speakers simultaneously, or just the speakers if you have a cool 5.1 or 7.1 system cunningly placed around the play area and want the full effect. But we opted for headphones and even decided to ditch the in-ears for a better pair of headphones as it's really tricky to get the earbuds the right way round when you've already put the Vive on your noggin. At least now we had the whole effect going on, VR visuals and surround sound. We hadn't downloaded any games or other experiences yet, so there wasn't much to do (you can download them from within the virtual world, but we'd advise you download them prior to play otherwise you'll be stood around waiting for them to install). Instead, we checked out the included tutorial. Which promptly crashed. HTC Vive PC specifications As well as have strange error messages pop up during setup, we had many crashes during gameplay. It's a weird feeling too, as it's like the world just goes blank while you're in the middle of something. Pocket-lint It could be our PC but considering we exceed the recommended spec for HTC Vive it can't be the hardware surely. We have the aforementioned Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 graphics card, Intel Core i7-4790K processor running at 4GHz and 16GB of RAM. We're running 64-bit Windows 10 but doesn't everything these days with multi-core processors the norm? Crashing wasn't something we ever expected. It's worth noting that these are still early days for the HTC Vive and much of the software is updated regularly. We also found a workaround that seemed to do the job. We downloaded the beta version of SteamVR instead of the one installed with the setup software. That didn't crash at all. It also required firmware on the controllers to be updated, so is a more advanced version of the software (although might have some flaky features we haven't encountered yet thanks to being in beta). To download and try it for yourself, head into your games section on Steam, right click SteamVR in your software list and select properties. The last tab is labelled "Betas" and in there you will find a drop down menu where you can select "beta - Steam VR Beta Update". Once selected and confirmed, it downloaded a new version of SteamVR which worked for us. If that causes you problems down the line, you can always repeat the process and reselect the "opt out" option instead. Pocket-lint HTC Vive on a gaming laptop We finally got Vive working well with our desktop PC although we also highly recommend you close all other programmes before entering the virtual world. These could have been another reason for our occasional crashes. Now it was time to check the setup process with a gaming laptop. We chose to run the HTC Vive using an Asus ROG G752VY - a powerhouse of a machine running an Intel Core i7-6820HK processor and 32GB of RAM. It has an Nvidia GeForce GTX980M GPU which, while not being quite as powerful as the 1080, makes mincemeat of anything you run through it. The laptop also, mercifully, has a HDMI output that works while simultaneously feeding video to the monitor. That potentially makes a gaming laptop a more attractive option to run Vive from, especially for those who haven't even heard of a DisplayPort. We still had issues with the room scale setup and error messages, and you'll still have all the practical quibbles with finding places to place the sensors and their power supplies, but in many ways setting up the Vive with the Asus was a smoother operation. We also didn't experience the same level of crashing when running the general SteamVR software rather than the beta build. But then, the ROG G752VY costs more than £2,000. We built our own PC for less than a grand. It does though have the added benefit of being portable. Our gaming tower PC is most certainly not. HTC Vive final thoughts Although this isn't our review of the headset or the games, (you can find that here) we still have some thoughts worth sharing. These are early days for virtual reality and we're certain that there will be future headsets that refine the process, but we found the setting up of the HTC Vive to be a partly frustrating and lengthy experience. It didn't help that we didn't have the right cable, or the right cable but the wrong output, but that's something normal consumers will face too. Every problem was solved eventually and the end result is well worth it, we feel. We're also sure that software niggles will continue to be sorted through patches and updates, and may have already since publication. But based on our own encounters, VR and the HTC Vive specifically is not quite consumer-friendly enough for our parents. Not unless we set it up for them first. Sections HTC Games VR Best VR headsets to buy in 2017, whatever your budget HTC Vive review: An experience that’s out of this world Sony PlayStation VR review: Virtual reality for the masses Google Daydream View review: A Pixel-perfect VR experience? Popular In VR On Pocket-lint Best Sony PlayStation VR games you must play: Farpoint, Resident Evil 7, Batman and more HTC Vive tips & tricks: How to set it up and solve any issues Best VR headsets to buy in 2017, whatever your budget Oculus Rooms and Parties explained: How does Facebook see us being social in VR? Oculus Touch controllers: These 54 titles support them at launch Google launches Daydream View in new colours other than slate grey Oculus Rift owners will get Xbox One game streaming in December Google is now letting you see the entire world in VR from the comfort of your home Immerse yourself in Rogue One: A Star Wars Story with VR viewers You could be wearing Apple iGlasses soon, smart specs in development HTC Ocean Note could be called the U Ultra LG launches Super UHD TVs with Nano Cell technology for more accurate colours Amazon Echo vs Amazon Tap vs Echo Dot: What's the difference? Best smartphones to look forward to in 2017 Best smartwatches to look forward to in 2017 Best fitness trackers 2017: The best activity bands to buy today Acer Swift 7 review: Has Acer finally cracked high-end laptop design? BlackBerry users get reprieve from WhatsApp cutoff Dell unveils XPS 13 2-in-1 laptop at CES 2017 New Samsung Galaxy A series to fill gap until Galaxy S8, spec and release date revealed Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Sections Home Local News Sports Bills Sabres Colleges High Schools High Schools Scoreboard Bandits Bisons and Baseball Bucky and Sully Soccer Outdoors Bills Sabres Sabres 2016-17 season Gusto Food and Drink Music Festivals Theater Family Movies Comedy Art Dance Deaths Submit Obituary Last 24 Hours E-edition Business Crime Editorials Education Events Calendar Submit Event Photo Galleries Politics PolitiFact New York TV and Media Weather Forecast Weddings Submit Announcement Submit Golden Anniversary WNY History [BN] Ads Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars Special Sections Buffalo Deals Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds Contests Local News Erie County Amherst Buffalo Hamburg Lancaster Town of Tonawanda Niagara County Health and Fitness Lifestyles Fashion Gardening Home and Style NeXt Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Adam Zyglis State Search Sign In Subscribe Manage Account Logout Expanded curfew may follow Walden Galleria 'mall brawl' Buffalo School Board majority seeks Paladino's ouster Trump assails Obama over UN action on Israel settlements Kerry rebukes Israel, calls settlements a threat to peace Thank historic tax credits for restoring Buffalo buildings Buffalo's VA Medical Center receives average score for overall care Calls to oust Paladino put spotlight on education commissioner Carrie Fisher, 60, child of Hollywood and ‘Star Wars’ royalty, dies 63 famous figures who died in 2016 Debbie Reynolds has died at age 84. She was admitted to the hospital earlier on December 28, 2016 after suffering a stroke. Her daughter, Carrie Fisher recently passed away after suffering a heart attack on a flight from London to Los Angeles. (Getty Images) By Dale Anderson Published Mon, Dec 26, 2016 Updated Wed, Dec 28, 2016 SHARE TWEET EMAIL The death of Debbie Reynolds on Wednesday, following the death of her daughter Carrie Fisher on Tuesday was the latest in an unusually long list of famous figures we lost this year that included George Michael, David Bowie, John Glenn and Muhammad Ali. Here's a look as some of the athletes, authors, politicians and artists who died in 2016: Edward Albee, 88, Pulitizer Prize and Tony Award-winning playwright, died Sept. 16. Wrote “The Zoo Story” and “Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf?” Muhammad Ali, 74, heavyweight boxing champ, died June 3. One of the most inspiring and controversial athletes of the 20th century. David Bowie, 68, legendary British rock singer-songwriter and actor, died Jan. 10. Scored major hits in the 1970s while constantly reinventing his persona and radically changing his style from glam rock to soul. He also found success as an actor on stage and in film, notably as an alien in “The Man Who Fell to Earth.” Boutros Boutros-Ghali, 93, Egyptian politician and diplomat who was the sixth Secretary-General of the United Nations from 1992 to 1996. Died Feb. 16. Fidel Castro, 90, Cuban revolutionary leader who ruled the nation for 50 years, died Nov. 25. After leading a guerilla war that overthrew a despised dictator, he polarized his society and the world by following a Marxist-Leninist model, backing revolutions abroad and defying 10 U.S. presidents. Carrie Fisher, 60, who starred as Princess Leia in George Lucas' Star Wars saga, suffered a heart attack aboard a flight from London to Los Angeles Friday and died Tuesday morning, Dec. 27. "It is with a very deep sadness that Billie Lourd confirms that her beloved mother Carrie Fisher passed away at 8:55 this morning," Simon Halls, a representative for Fisher's daughter, said in a statement to NBC News. Fisher was a hero in the mental health community for her openness about her struggles with substance abuse and bipolar disorder in memoirs and in a one-woman show "Wishful Drinking." Fisher's mother, Debbie Reynolds, died at 84 on Wednesday after being rushed to the hospital hours earlier. “She wanted to be with Carrie,” her son Todd Fisher told Variety. She was taken to the hospital from Todd Fisher’s Beverly Hills house Wednesday after a suspected stroke. Reynolds was an Oscar-nominated actress for "The Unsinkable Molly Brown" and had a number one single with the song "Tammy," among many other accomplishments in her long career. John Glenn, 95, first American astronaut to orbit the Earth, later a U.S. senator, died Dec. 8. Decorated World War II airman and test pilot, he circled the globe three times in 1962 and became a national hero. Went into orbit again in 1998, becoming the oldest person to fly in space. Gordie Howe, 88, hockey legend with career spanning five decades, died June 10. Known as “Mr. Hockey,” between 1946 and 1980, played 26 seasons in the NHL, was named an All-Star 23 times and established numerous scoring records. Arnold Palmer, 87, one of the greatest golfers in the sport’s history, died Sept. 25. Credited with doing the most to popularize the game, won 62 tournaments from 1955 to 1973, followed by a lengthy career as golf course designer and spokesman. Prince, 57, iconic singer and musician, died April 21. One of the best-selling and most influential artists of his generation, noted for flamboyant personality on stage and wide variety of styles. Nancy Reagan, 94, first lady, actress, died March 6. Married Ronald Reagan in the 1950s and, after he became the 40th president, brought glamour to the White House and served as his adviser on appointments and policy. Janet Reno, 78, first woman to serve as U.S. attorney general and the second-longest serving attorney general, died Nov. 7. Antonin Scalia, 79, associate justice of the U.S. Supreme Court who was a conservative standard-bearer, died Feb. 13. Also lost this year: Dwayne Andreas, 98, influential Archer Daniels Midland CEO, prominent political donor, died Nov. 16. Mother Mary Angelica, 92, founded Catholic TV Network, died March 27. Brian Bedford, 80, actor who brought Shakespeare to life at Stratford, Ont., died Jan. 13. Rev. Daniel Berrigan, 94, priest who led Vietnam War protests, died April 30. Pierre Boulez, 90, composer and conductor, died Jan. 5. Ralph Branca, 90, Brooklyn Dodgers pitcher who allowed the famous Bobby Thomson home run in 1951, died Nov. 23. Oscar Brand, 96, folksinger, died Sept. 30. Leonard Cohen, 82, influential poet and songwriter, died Nov. 7. Patty Duke, 69, child star and Oscar winner, died March 29. Jose Fernandez, 24, pitcher with Miami Marlins, died Sept. 25. Artur Fischer, 96, German inventor with more patents than Edison, died Jan. 27. Rob Ford, 46, blustery ex-mayor of Toronto, died March 22. Pete Fountain, 86, clarinetist who brought traditional New Orleans jazz to national attention on “The Lawrence Welk Show,” died Aug. 6. Zsa Zsa Gabor, 99, actress and socialite, died Dec. 18. Joe Garagiola, 90, catcher and colorful sportscaster, died March 23. Andrew S. Grove, 79, longtime chief of Intel helped lead semiconductor revolution, died March 21. Zaha Hadid, 65, first woman to win the Pritzker Architecture Prize, died March 31. Merle Haggard, 79, country music’s outlaw hero, died April 6. Florence Henderson, 82, actress best known as matriarch on "The Brady Bunch," died Nov. 24. Gwen Ifill, 61, first African-American woman to host a nationally televised U.S. public affairs program, died Nov. 14. Anne Jackson, 90, stage actress, wife of Eli Wallach, died April 12. Greg Lake, 69, British progressive rock bassist, guitarist and producer, founding member of King Crimson and Emerson, Lake and Palmer, died Dec. 7. Julius La Rosa, 86, Italian-American pop singer and TV star, died May 12. Harper Lee, 89, Pulitzer Prize-winning author of “To Kill a Mockingbird,” died Feb. 19. Ted Marchibroda, 84, NFL coach who helped develop hurry-up offense with Bills quarterback Jim Kelly in the late 1980s, died Jan. 16. George Martin, 90, producer who guided the Beatles, died March 8. Garry Marshall, 81, TV and film director who created “Happy Days” and “Mork and Mindy,” died July 19. John McLaughlin, 89, political pundit and TV host, died Aug. 16. George Michael, 53, English pop superstar, died Dec. 25. Marvin Minsky, 88, MIT professor, father of artificial intelligence, died Jan. 24. Peter Mondavi, 101, helped put Napa Valley on map as a leading wine producing region, died Feb. 20. Bill Nunn, 62, actor in Spike Lee movies, died Sept. 24. Shimon Peres, 93, Israeli president and prime minister was last link to nation’s founding generation, died Sept. 28. Leon Russell, 74, keyboardist and songwriter who worked with scores of major musicians, died Nov. 13. Buddy Ryan, 85, former UB football coach and NFL defensive genius, father of current Bills coach Rex Ryan, died June 28. Morley Safer, 84, mainstay of CBS’ “60 Minutes,” died May 19. Craig Sager, 65, TV sportscaster known for his flamboyant clothes, died Dec. 15. Phyllis Schlafly, 92, lawyer and staunch conservative activist, died Sept. 5. Garry Shandling, 66, groundbreaking sitcom star, died March 24. Ralph Stanley, 89, bluegrass banjo pioneer, died June 23. Kay Starr, 94, hit pop singer of the 1940s and 1950s, died Nov. 3. Pat Summitt, 64, Tennessee women’s basketball coach, died June 28. Alan Thicke, 69, actor best-known as father on TV series, "Growing Pains," died Dec. 13. Grant Tinker, 90, TV executive who revived NBC’s fortunes in the 1980s, died Nov. 28. John Tishman, 90, builder who transformed skylines in major U.S. cities, died Feb. 6. Alvin Toffler, 87, “Future Shock” author, died June 27. Robert Vaughn, 83, actor best known for leading role in '60s TV series "The Man From U.N.C.L.E.," died Nov. 11. Elie Wiesel, 87, author who bore witness to the horrors of the Nazi Holocaust, died July 2. Gene Wilder, 83, comic actor and screenwriter known for role of “Willy Wonka,” died Aug. 29. Click here to see the comments. Add yours now! Recent Stories Around the web Quick Links Contact Us Privacy Policy Sitemap FAQ Contests Manage Subscription Newsletters AM Top Stories PM Top Stories Business Sports Gusto Breaking News Sign Up Our Websites Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars [BN] Ads Special Sections Buffalo Deals Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds © 1999 - 2016 - The Buffalo News copyright-protected material Thanks for reading the NEW BuffaloNews.com! To continue enjoying your free preview, please enter your email address below or click here to login. Submit
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube iBall CompBook i360 convertible laptop with 11.6-inch 360-degree rotating touch display launched for Rs. 12999 iBall has launched CompBook i360, its latest laptop with a 11.6-inch Full HD IPS touch screen display and a 360° rotatable hinge so that it can be used as a traditional touchscreen laptop, as a convenient lightweight tablet, or any option in between. It is powered by a Intel-Quad Core Processor, has 2GB of RAM and runs on Windows 10. iBall CompBook i360 specifications 11.6-inch (1366 x 768 pixels) multi-touch IPS display 1.44 GHz quad-core Intel Atom X5-Z8300 processor (burst up to 1.84GHz) with Intel HD Graphics 5300 2GB DDR3 RAM, 32GB of internal storage, expandable up to 64GB with microSD card slot Built-in Keyboard with trackpad Windows 10 OS VGA front-facing camera Dimensions: 297 x 202 x 17mm; Weight: 1.25kg 3.5mm Combo Jack for Headphone & Mic, Dual Speakers WiFi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0, 1 x USB 2.0, 1 x USB 3.0, mini HDMI Port 10,000mAh battery with up to 8.5 hours of usage The iBall CompBook i360 comes in Golden color and is priced at Rs. 12,999. Commenting on the launch, Sandeep Parasrampuria, director and CEO of iBall, said: In this era of touch screen devices, our strategic partnership with Microsoft and Intel has created a seamless combination of futuristic design and functionality. The iBall CompBook i360 is by far the most affordable Touch Screen and 360° Convertible laptop in the market. Outfitted with the finest, the i360 powered by Windows 10 will strike the right connect with the dynamic needs of today’s first-time aspiring user audience, looking for a touch-based laptop. "iBall CompBook i360 convertible laptop with 11.6-inch 360-degree rotating touch display launched for Rs. 12999", 4 out of 5 based on 61 ratings. Author: Srivatsan Sridhar Srivatsan Sridhar is a Mobile Technology Enthusiast who is passionate about Mobile phones and Mobile apps. He is currently using the Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen). You can follow him on Twitter @ssrivatsan and on Google+ View all posts by Srivatsan Sridhar Author Srivatsan SridharPosted on December 26, 2016Categories iBall, India, News Post navigation Previous Previous post: Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Black Pearl variant with 128GB storage launched in India for Rs. 56900 Next Next post: OnePlus releases leather case for OnePlus 3 and 3T Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts HTC U Ultra could be HTC Ocean Note with 6-inch display and no 3.5mm headphone jack OnePlus to open first experience store in India on January 7th Asus X00GD with 5.2-inch display, 4850mAh battery gets certified in China Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017), A5 (2017) and A7 (2017) water resistant smartphones announced Android 7.0 Nougat based OxygenOS 4.0 update starts rolling out for OnePlus 3, 3T Corsair K55 RGB gaming keyboard launched at Rs. 4,599 Honor to launch ‘Epic’ smartphone at CES 2017 on January 3rd Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey says edit tweets button is ‘definitely needed’ BHIM app for UPI-based payments ranked top on the Google Play Store Vivo V5 Plus with dual front-facing cameras to launch in India on January 23 CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Happy Holidays! This site relies upon advertisements to continue producing new Linux/open-source content over the past 12+ years. If you wish to continue blocking ads, please consider this holiday joining ad-free Phoronix Premium. Besides an ad-free experience, Phoronix Premium grants access to multi-page articles on a single page and other benefits while still supporting our site. Or if you insist on blocking ads, perhaps consider a holiday tip? Thanks for your support and happy holidays. TrueOS & DragonFlyBSD Performance vs. Linux At The End Of 2016 Written by Michael Larabel in Operating Systems on 26 December 2016. Page 1 of 4. 6 Comments Last week I published various Linux workstation/server distribution OS benchmarks for ending out the year on the Linux distro comparison front (though a desktop/gaming focused comparison is coming this week) while for those curious here are some BSD operating system results compared to the Linux workstation/server performance figures. For some end-of-year BSD benchmarking were (FreeBSD 12 based) TrueOS 20161215 and DragonFlyBSD 4.6.1 tested on the same Intel Core i7 6800K + MSI C236A WORKSTATION as used for the Linux workstation/server benchmarks from a few days ago. On the same exact system, TrueOS and DragonFlyBSD were both tested out-of-the-box to compare to our numbers from Clear Linux, Ubuntu 16.04, Ubuntu 16.10, CentOS 7, openSUSE Leap 42.2, and Debian Linux 8.6 All of the tests were done with the Phoronix Test Suite but a smaller amount of the tests were BSD-compatible and thus in this article aren't as many results as last week's Linux comparison. Tweet Page 1 - IntroductionPage 2 - BSD vs. LinuxPage 3 - BSD vs. LinuxPage 4 - BSD vs. Linux Page: 1234Next Page 6 Comments Related Articles Linux Workstation/Server Distribution Benchmarks For Winter 2016 Looking At GNU/Linux's Performance Over 2016 With Intel's Clear Linux Clear Linux With Mesa 13 Is A Strong Match For Intel Linux Performance Docker Benchmarks: Ubuntu, Clear Linux, CentOS, Debian & Alpine OpenSUSE Leap 42.1 vs. Leap 42.2 vs. Tumbleweed Benchmarks Trending Linux News Wine 2.0 Is Looking Like It Will Be A Late January Release Former Valve Developer: Steam Linux Project Was The Hardest VC4 Gallium3D Lands Some Minor Optimizations, 2016 Was Great For This RPi 3D Driver The Most Viewed Linux Kernel News Stories Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Linux News RadeonSI Patches Boost Deus Ex: MD Performance By ~70% Dawn-CC: Automatically Adding OpenACC/OpenMP Directives To Programs KDE Kirigami UI 2.0 Beta Released: Better Android Integration, QQC2 Focus Linux 4.9/4.10, Solaris Rumors, Graphics Driver News Ended Out 2016 GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Should Tarballs Be On Their Way Out The Door In 2017? Steam's Linux Marketshare Ended Slightly Lower For 2016 Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 Steam's Top Grossing Games Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Featured Articles Happy New Year! That's A Wrap For 2016 With 3,336 New Articles + 248 Reviews/Featured Articles Setting Up A MoCA 2.0 Ethernet-Over-Coax Network, Linux LAN Benchmarks EXT4 / F2FS / Btrfs / XFS On Early Linux 4.10 Kernel NVIDIA CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks For Ending 2016 + cuDNN Caffe AlexNet/Googlenet Running The Intel NUC6i7KYK On Linux With Skylake Iris Pro Graphics Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 26, 2016December 26, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Wireless Gigabit (WiGig)Market to Reach $4.46 Billion with 34.5% CAGR Forecast to 2022 Global Wireless Gigabit (WiGig) market is estimated at $0.56 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $4.46 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 34.5% PUNE, INDIA, December 26, 2016 /EINPresswire.com/ — Summary Global Wireless Gigabit (WiGig) market is estimated at $0.56 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $4.46 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 34.5% from 2015 to 2022. Continuous technological innovations and advancements, increasing trend of cloud computing and BYOD and demand for faster data transfer are the key factors propelling the market growth. Low Operational Range Products and high Manufacturing Cost associated with Chipsets are restraining the market. Whereas development of more sophisticated communication devices is the major opportunity for the market growth. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/827002-wireless-gigabit-wigig-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 In product segment, Display device products are anticipated to grasp the largest market share and dominate the market during forecast period. In type segment, consumer electronics segment is expected to dominate the market with largest share. In End User segment, large enterprises holds the lucrative share and SMBs segment is expected to witness a high growth rate during forecast period. Healthcare segment is anticipated to grow at a significant CAGR. The Asia Pacific region is expected to account larger share during forecast period. Some of the key players in the market include NEC Corporation, Mediatek, Nitero, Broadcom Corporation, Blu Wireless technology, Nvidia Corporation, Wilocity, Qualcomm Atheros, Azurewave Technologies, Inc., Panasonic Corporation, Dell, Intel Corporation, Sabio, Marvell Technology Group Ltd., Silicon image, Cisco Systems, Inc. and Inventec. Technologies Covered: • Integrated Circuit Chip (IC Chip) o Television ICs o PC & Laptop ICs o Other ICs • System on Chip (SOC) o Tablet SOCs o Smartphone WiGig SOCs o Backhaul Station WiGig SOCs o Adapter WiGig SOCs o Other SOCs Usage Models Covered: • Wireless Docking • Instant Wireless Sync • Networking • Wireless Display Types Covered: • 802.11ad • 802.11ac Products Covered: • Network Infrastructure Devices o Backhaul Stations o Adapters o Routers o Other Network Infrastructure Devices • Display Devices o Digital Cameras o Smartphones o Projectors o Laptops & Tablets o Televisions o Other Display Devices Applications Covered: • Professional Services • BFSI • Government • Manufacturing • Entertainment and Media • Retail • Healthcare • Communications • Energy • Travel and Transport • Other Applications End Users Covered: • Residential • Large Enterprises • SMBs Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/827002-wireless-gigabit-wigig-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Table of Contents 1 Executive Summary 2 Preface 2.1 Abstract 2.2 Stake Holders 2.3 Research Scope 2.4 Research Methodology 2.4.1 Data Mining 2.4.2 Data Analysis 2.4.3 Data Validation 2.4.4 Research Approach 2.5 Research Sources 2.5.1 Primary Research Sources 2.5.2 Secondary Research Sources 2.5.3 Assumptions 3 Market Trend Analysis 3.1 Introduction 3.2 Drivers 3.3 Restraints 3.4 Opportunities 3.5 Threats 3.6 Technology Analysis 3.7 Product Analysis 3.8 Application Analysis 3.9 End User Analysis 3.10 Emerging Markets 3.11 Futuristic Market Scenario 4 Porters Five Force Analysis 4.1 Bargaining power of suppliers 4.2 Bargaining power of buyers 4.3 Threat of substitutes 4.4 Threat of new entrants 4.5 Competitive rivalry 5 Global Wireless Gigabit (WiGig) Market, By Technology 5.1 Introduction 5.2 Integrated Circuit Chip (IC Chip) 5.2.1 Television ICs 5.2.2 PC & Laptop ICs 5.2.3 Other ICs 5.3 System on Chip (SOC) 5.3.1 Tablet SOCs 5.3.2 Smartphone WiGig SOCs 5.3.3 Backhaul Station WiGig SOCs 5.3.4 Adapter WiGig SOCs 5.3.5 Other SOCs 6 Global Wireless Gigabit (WiGig) Market, By Usage Model 6.1 Introduction 6.2 Wireless Docking 6.3 Instant Wireless Sync 6.4 Networking 6.5 Wireless Display 7 Global Wireless Gigabit (WiGig) Market, By Type 7.1 Introduction 7.2 802.11ad 7.3 802.11ac 8 Global Wireless Gigabit (WiGig) Market, By Product 8.1 Introduction 8.2 Network Infrastructure Devices 8.2.1 Backhaul Stations 8.2.2 Adapters 8.2.3 Routers 8.2.4 Other Network Infrastructure Devices 8.3 Display Devices 8.3.1 Digital Cameras 8.3.2 Smartphones 8.3.3 Projectors 8.3.4 Laptops & Tablets 8.3.5 Televisions 8.3.6 Other Display Devices 9 Global Wireless Gigabit (WiGig) Market, By Application 9.1 Introduction 9.2 Professional Services 9.3 BFSI 9.4 Government 9.5 Manufacturing 9.6 Entertainment and Media 9.7 Retail 9.8 Healthcare 9.9 IT & Telecom 9.10 Energy 9.11 Travel and Transport 9.12 Other Applications 10 Global Wireless Gigabit (WiGig) Market, By End User 10.1 Introduction 10.2 Residential 10.3 Large Enterprises 10.4 SMBs 11 Global Wireless Gigabit (WiGig) Market, By Geography 11.1 North America 11.1.1 US 11.1.2 Canada 11.1.3 Mexico 11.2 Europe 11.2.1 Germany 11.2.2 France 11.2.3 Italy 11.2.4 UK 11.2.5 Spain 11.2.6 Rest of Europe 11.3 Asia Pacific 11.3.1 Japan 11.3.2 China 11.3.3 India 11.3.4 Australia 11.3.5 New Zealand 11.3.6 Rest of Asia Pacific 11.4 Rest of the World 11.4.1 Middle East 11.4.2 Brazil 11.4.3 Argentina 11.4.4 South Africa 11.4.5 Egypt 12 Key Developments 12.1 Agreements, Partnerships, Collaborations and Joint Ventures 12.2 Acquisitions & Mergers 12.3 New Product Launch 12.4 Expansions 12.5 Other Key Strategies 13 Company Profiling 13.1 NEC Corporation 13.2 Mediatek 13.3 Nitero 13.4 Broadcom Corporation 13.5 Blu Wireless technology 13.6 Nvidia Corporation 13.7 Wilocity 13.8 Qualcomm Atheros 13.9 Azurewave Technologies, Inc. 13.10 Panasonic Corporation 13.11 Dell 13.12 Intel Corporation 13.13 Sabio 13.14 Marvell Technology Group Ltd. 13.15 Silicon image 13.16 Cisco Systems, Inc. 13.17 Inventec ….. Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=827002 Continued….. Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Future Trends and Competitive Landscape of MicroRNA Tools and Services Market by 2020 Next PostNext Growth Predicted for the North American Coronary Stents Market by 2020 Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Satellites can improve regional air quality forecasting January 3, 2017 Satellite images reveal ocean acidification from space January 3, 2017 Space debris from satellite explosion increases collision risk for space craft January 3, 2017 Asteroid research benefits from Gaia satellite mission January 3, 2017 Two chaotically tumbling Pluto moons January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 26, 2016December 26, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Enterprise Data Management Market to Reach $1,28,500.00 million with 11.0% CAGR Forecast to 2022 Global Enterprise Data Management Market is accounted for $61,789.00 million and is expected to reach $1,28,500.00 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 11.0% PUNE, INDIA, December 26, 2016 /EINPresswire.com/ — Summary Global Enterprise Data Management Market is accounted for $61,789.00 million in 2015 and is expected to reach $1,28,500.00 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 11.0% from 2015 to 2022. Growing demand for risk management, rising regulatory compliance and regulations, improved adoption rate of massive parallel processing architectures & columnar databases and enhanced streamline business operations are some key factors triggering the market size. However, data address validation issues and presence of data silos are some factors limiting the market growth. Moreover, exploitation of data maturity model will remain as a significant opportunity for the market growth over the forecast period. North America is expected to account for the largest market share in enterprise data management market due to growing awareness of data management and implementation of data governance. In addition, emerging countries such as China, India, Brazil and Africa are expected to witness few advancements in execution of data management solutions. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/826995-enterprise-data-management-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in this market include SAP SE, Intel Security, Teradata Corporation, SAS Institute, Inc., Accenture, Talend, Oracle Corporation, IBM Corporation, Symantec Corporation, Informatica Corporation, GoldenSource Corporation, Cambridge Semantics Inc., Innovative Systems Inc., Phasic Systems Inc. and Solix Technologies Inc.. User Types Covered: • Enterprises • SMBS (Small & Medium-Sized Enterprises) Services Covered: • Operation and Maintenance Services • Consulting Services • Training and Support Services Deployments Covered: • On-Premises • Hosted Deployment Softwares Covered: • Data Architectre o Data Integration o Data Migration o Master Data Management o Data Warehousing o Metadata Management • Data Governance • Data Standards • Data Quality • Data Processes • Data Stewardship • Data Security • Other Softwares End Users Covered: • Transportation and Logistics • Manufacturing • Healthcare • BFSI • Energy and Utilities • IT and Telecom • Retail • Government • Other End Users Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/826995-enterprise-data-management-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Table of Contents 1 Executive Summary 2 Preface 2.1 Abstract 2.2 Stake Holders 2.3 Research Scope 2.4 Research Methodology 2.4.1 Data Mining 2.4.2 Data Analysis 2.4.3 Data Validation 2.4.4 Research Approach 2.5 Research Sources 2.5.1 Primary Research Sources 2.5.2 Secondary Research Sources 2.5.3 Assumptions 3 Market Trend Analysis 3.1 Introduction 3.2 Drivers 3.3 Restraints 3.4 Opportunities 3.5 Threats 3.6 End User Analysis 3.7 Emerging Markets 3.8 Futuristic Market Scenario 4 Porters Five Force Analysis 4.1 Bargaining power of suppliers 4.2 Bargaining power of buyers 4.3 Threat of substitutes 4.4 Threat of new entrants 4.5 Competitive rivalry 5 Global Enterprise Data Management Market, By User Type 5.1 Introduction 5.2 Enterprises 5.3 SMBS (Small & Medium-Sized Enterprises) 6 Global Enterprise Data Management Market, By Service 6.1 Introduction 6.2 Operation and Maintenance Services 6.3 Consulting Services 6.4 Training and Support Services 7 Global Enterprise Data Management Market, By Deployment 7.1 Introduction 7.2 On-Premises 7.3 Hosted Deployment 8 Global Enterprise Data Management Market, By Software 8.1 Introduction 8.2 Data Architectre 8.2.1 Data Integration 8.2.2 Data Migration 8.2.3 Master Data Management 8.2.4 Data Warehousing 8.2.5 Metadata Management 8.3 Data Governance 8.4 Data Standards 8.5 Data Quality 8.6 Data Processes 8.7 Data Stewardship 8.8 Data Security 8.9 Other Softwares 9 Global Enterprise Data Management Market, By End User 9.1 Introduction 9.2 Transportation and Logistics 9.3 Manufacturing 9.4 Healthcare 9.5 BFSI 9.6 Energy and Utilities 9.7 IT and Telecom 9.8 Retail 9.9 Government 9.10 Other End Users 10 Global Enterprise Data Management Market, By Geography 10.1 North America 10.1.1 US 10.1.2 Canada 10.1.3 Mexico 10.2 Europe 10.2.1 Germany 10.2.2 France 10.2.3 Italy 10.2.4 UK 10.2.5 Spain 10.2.6 Rest of Europe 10.3 Asia Pacific 10.3.1 Japan 10.3.2 China 10.3.3 India 10.3.4 Australia 10.3.5 New Zealand 10.3.6 Rest of Asia Pacific 10.4 Rest of the World 10.4.1 Middle East 10.4.2 Brazil 10.4.3 Argentina 10.4.4 South Africa 10.4.5 Egypt 11 Key Developments 11.1 Agreements, Partnerships, Collaborations and Joint Ventures 11.2 Acquisitions & Mergers 11.3 New Product Launch 11.4 Expansions 11.5 Other Key Strategies 12 Company Profiling 12.1 SAP SE 12.2 Intel Security 12.3 Teradata Corporation 12.4 SAS Institute, Inc. 12.5 Accenture 12.6 Talend 12.7 Oracle Corporation 12.8 IBM Corporation 12.9 Symantec Corporation 12.10 Informatica Corporation 12.11 GoldenSource Corporation 12.12 Cambridge Semantics Inc. 12.13 Innovative Systems Inc. 12.14 Phasic Systems Inc. 12.15 Solix Technologies Inc. ….. Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=826995 Continued….. Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Concrete Pipes and Blocks Market Will Continue to Grow by 2025 Next PostNext Friction Modifier Additives Market Explores New Growth Opportunities By 2026 Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Satellites can improve regional air quality forecasting January 3, 2017 Satellite images reveal ocean acidification from space January 3, 2017 Space debris from satellite explosion increases collision risk for space craft January 3, 2017 Asteroid research benefits from Gaia satellite mission January 3, 2017 Two chaotically tumbling Pluto moons January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
  Guru3D.com Forums > General Chat > Frontpage news French Magazine posts engineering sample AMD Ryzen Processor benchmarks User Name Remember Me? Password Frontpage news Perhaps you have some news to report or want to check out the latest Guru3D headlines and comment ? Check it in here. Page 2 of 3 < 1 2 3 >   Thread Tools Display Modes   (#26) ViRGE Newbie     Videocard: R9 290 Tri-X Processor: i5 2500K Mainboard: Memory: DDR3 8GB Soundcard: PSU: HX650w 12-24-2016, 23:45 | posts: 5 Quote: Originally Posted by Amx85 Then... 21% slower gamming performance at 23~27% slower clocks than i7 6700K sounds great, good IPC This ^^! If Ryzen can clock the same, AMD will be back, only thing left is good pricing.     ViRGE View Public Profile Find all posts by ViRGE     (#27) BlueRay Member Guru     Videocard: GTX970 Processor: i5 2500k Mainboard: Gigabyte Memory: 8GB Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX750 12-24-2016, 23:57 | posts: 87 Quote: Originally Posted by __hollywood|meo holy crap. are some of yall reading the same graphs i am? because as i parse it, the IPC is clearly stronger than we anticipated. team red is breathing down intels neck. honestly this is pretty exciting news...im getting more optimistic about this launch I was wondering the same. Those graphs are way better than what I expected. And all this coming from an early ES underclocked chip without the proper driver support. I never expected to be so close to Intel's offerings. That being said I can't wait for the final product reviews it's going to be interesting.     BlueRay View Public Profile Find all posts by BlueRay   (#28) draizze Newbie   Videocard: RX 470 Processor: Intel I5 3470 Mainboard: Memory: Soundcard: PSU: 550W 12-25-2016, 01:02 | posts: 1 Good result considering It's only engineering sample with lower clock and isn't It fairly obvious that the 4c/8t will have higher clock. 65W is not half of 95W TDP of 8c/16t. It's still possible the base clock will be similar or even higher than Skylake.     draizze View Public Profile Find all posts by draizze   (#29) Lane Ancient Guru   Videocard: 2x HD7970 - EK Waterblock Processor: I7 4930K H2o EK Supremacy Mainboard: Asus X79 Deluxe Memory: G-Skill C9 2133mhz 16GB Soundcard: X-FI Titanium HD + SP2500 PSU: CM 1000W 12-25-2016, 01:54 | posts: 6,263 | Location: Switzerland The tests have been done a good time ago... as pointed in the magazine, they are not representative of the final product. theres many things to consider: board are obviously too engineer samples with bios as they are, let alone the cpu, who was clocked effectively really low. ( as stated in the article, the performance are relative to this clock speed. ). Let alone, early ES samples like that can even got some little things, here and there disabled. We dont have the individual numbers, so hard to see in what softwares and games, they are close, faster or slower. And when i see the result on a system like that, at thoses clock speed, im really surprised in good. Its a 8cores, so turbo boost will have some limitations, 4 cores could been clocked even way higher then on the final products. Last edited by Lane; 12-25-2016 at 02:00.     Lane View Public Profile Find all posts by Lane     (#30) SuperAverage Master Guru   Videocard: Gigabyte G1 970 Processor: i7 4790k Mainboard: Asrock Z87 Extreme3 Memory: 4x4GB Mushkin XMP 2400 Soundcard: Focusrite 18i20 PSU: Antec 750 12-25-2016, 02:04 | posts: 204 Quote: Originally Posted by __hollywood|meo holy crap. are some of yall reading the same graphs i am? because as i parse it, the IPC is clearly stronger than we anticipated. team red is breathing down intels neck. honestly this is pretty exciting news...im getting more optimistic about this launch This. The "%" listings thrown off an easy way to write it down, but IPC looks stronger, at least in some cases, than the 6x00 series.     SuperAverage View Public Profile Find all posts by SuperAverage   (#31) fry178 Master Guru     Videocard: Zotac 1070 AMP Processor: i7-3770K@4GHz Mainboard: Asus ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: DDR3-2133/16GB Soundcard: XonarDSX/Sennheiser HD580 PSU: Seasonic Platinum 760w 12-25-2016, 02:18 | posts: 320 | Location: Maryland ryzen is fast enough including games, to get intel to lower prices. the fact i can now get a 8/16 cpu (instead of the 6 core 5820), that will work nice on optimized software and still not affect gaming performance negatively. now i just want the price to be below 300$ and motherboards under 200....     fry178 View Public Profile Find all posts by fry178 Ryzen is ZEN   (#32) poornaprakash Member Guru   Videocard: AMD/Nvidia Processor: Intel/AMD Mainboard: ASUS or Gigabyte Memory: G.Skill or Corsair Soundcard: ASUS Xonar PSU: Seasonic or Antec Ryzen is ZEN - 12-25-2016, 04:33 | posts: 56 Something really good about to happen for PC users after a decade     poornaprakash View Public Profile Find all posts by poornaprakash   (#33) gx-x Maha Guru     Videocard: Sapphire 280X Dual-X OC Processor: intel i5 2400 @3.8GHz Mainboard: Gigabyte Z68AP-D3 Memory: patriot 4x2GB @1333 ddr3 Soundcard: Yamaha RX-V550 w/!JBL PSU: tT SmartSE 530W 12-25-2016, 12:56 | posts: 853 | Location: Serbia Quote: Originally Posted by ViRGE This ^^! If Ryzen can clock the same, AMD will be back, only thing left is good pricing. you already have a cpu that is as good as new amd. Most of us do. Why bother? They are late. Someone buying new PC? Ok, sure. Let's see the real pricing of the whole combo when this thing comes out. I dont expect it to be cheaper than intel tho...     gx-x View Public Profile Find all posts by gx-x   (#34) Valken Maha Guru   Videocard: HIS 6950 2GB CFX unlocked Processor: Intel i7-4970k Mainboard: Asrock Z97 OC Formula Memory: 32GB G.Skill 2400 CL10 Soundcard: ALC1150 + X-Fi MB3 PSU: Corsair RM1000 12-25-2016, 14:03 | posts: 1,081 Those gaming benchmarks actually looks good! 3.4 GHZ vs 4.4 GHZ Haswell vs 4.2 GHZ Skylake within 10% or so... damn good... Lets see those cores work 1:1 ghz and core to core! I feel its AMD X2 and 64 all over again!     Valken View Public Profile Find all posts by Valken   (#35) moaka Master Guru     Videocard: ATI R9 Fury OC ( 3840sp ) Processor: I7 4790k / 4.7ghz Mainboard: Asus Ranger VII Memory: Dominator platinium 2400 Soundcard: Razer Tiamat + X-FI II PSU: Coolmaster 850Watts 12-25-2016, 14:51 | posts: 175 | Location: France Never change my 4790k for zen ... But its a real cpu for amd now .     moaka View Public Profile Find all posts by moaka   (#36) chispy Ancient Guru     Videocard: R9-290X @ Swiftech H2O Processor: i5 3570K @ Swiftech H2O Mainboard: ASRock Z75-Pro3 Memory: G.Skill RJX 2400Mhz 16GB Soundcard: X-Fi Titanium HD PSU: Rosewill Photon-1200W 12-25-2016, 15:34 | posts: 7,218 | Location: In Paradise :) Ryzen is looking good !     chispy View Public Profile Find all posts by chispy   (#37) nicugoalkeper Maha Guru     Videocard: Gigabyte GTX 660 OC 2GB Processor: Q6600 G0 @ 3600 Mainboard: Asus P5E Memory: 4Gb DDR2 800 Geil Ultra Soundcard: Soundmax PSU: CoolMaster 620 Real Power 12-25-2016, 16:49 | posts: 822 | Location: RO TM I was expecting even better numbers, and may still get the at the final release. BUT the price will be everything and i don't think that until winter next year we will get a good price. Still we may hope and pray :p (i don't think AMD will go under 25% of what Intel has toady). And as long as consoles only use 8 core few games will be optimize for more ! So only for a work station you will need more. My opinion. Still at the moment welcome back AMD ! Still got a new I6700k (@260 Euro) after i won a new MAXIMUM RANGER VIII and a 16 GB ram DDR4. So will have to wait some time for the next gen CPU's until i will upgrade again (i wanted to get a ZEN to last for a few year ( ) but my money is scares so free MB and memory made my choice. I'm not that optimistic about AMD prices. Last edited by nicugoalkeper; 12-25-2016 at 16:55.     nicugoalkeper View Public Profile Find all posts by nicugoalkeper   (#38) gx-x Maha Guru     Videocard: Sapphire 280X Dual-X OC Processor: intel i5 2400 @3.8GHz Mainboard: Gigabyte Z68AP-D3 Memory: patriot 4x2GB @1333 ddr3 Soundcard: Yamaha RX-V550 w/!JBL PSU: tT SmartSE 530W 12-25-2016, 17:52 | posts: 853 | Location: Serbia well, if we look how they deal with nvidia, 25% less would be generous...add mobo to that cpu and so on...idk, we shall see. CPU will be better for sure when it comes out, this is eng sample, low clock etc.     gx-x View Public Profile Find all posts by gx-x   (#39) nz3777 Maha Guru     Videocard: Evga Gtx 780 Acx Sc Processor: Fx 8320 E @ 4.2 Ghz Mainboard: Asus M5A78L-M Memory: 8gb 1600mhz/Ballistic Soundcard: SoundBlaster Recon 3d PSU: Corsair Hx 850 12-25-2016, 19:19 | posts: 1,373 | Location: Willowbrook ill. I think sr-5 is lookin good at $250- 6/12 threads still $250 seems a bit unreasonable $200 would be a (Killer) deal for that cpu and would maybe steal some of Intels x-99 crowd if ya know what I mean?     nz3777 View Public Profile Find all posts by nz3777   (#40) ViRGE Newbie     Videocard: R9 290 Tri-X Processor: i5 2500K Mainboard: Memory: DDR3 8GB Soundcard: PSU: HX650w 12-25-2016, 19:21 | posts: 5 Quote: Originally Posted by gx-x you already have a cpu that is as good as new amd. Most of us do. Why bother? They are late. Someone buying new PC? Ok, sure. Let's see the real pricing of the whole combo when this thing comes out. I dont expect it to be cheaper than intel tho... Yeah, but I cant afford the 6/8 core Intel offerings, I need more cores with decent single core performance, I am hoping Ryzen delivers.     ViRGE View Public Profile Find all posts by ViRGE   (#41) robintson Member Guru     Videocard: GTX980M@1261gpu5508vram Processor: i74860HQ@3.57GHz Mainboard: Asus_G751JY Memory: 32GBDDR3_1600MHzCAS10_1T Soundcard: Creative X-Fi HD USB PSU: DeltaElectronicsADP-230EB 12-25-2016, 20:49 | posts: 63 With this benchmarks AMD Zen shows that this Zen 8 core cpu is about 20 % slower than Intel i7 6900k cpu, but the turbo frequency is lower at about 10 % too (3.4 GHz max turbo freq.for 8 core Zen and 3,7 GHz max turbo freq. for Intel i7 6900k). If AMD can manage to sell Zen cpu's for less than 400 US$, than AMD can and will have a great success with Zen, otherwise I think that they will miss this great chance for a comeback from surviving corporation to a successful corporation.     robintson View Public Profile Find all posts by robintson   (#42) robintson Member Guru     Videocard: GTX980M@1261gpu5508vram Processor: i74860HQ@3.57GHz Mainboard: Asus_G751JY Memory: 32GBDDR3_1600MHzCAS10_1T Soundcard: Creative X-Fi HD USB PSU: DeltaElectronicsADP-230EB 12-25-2016, 20:54 | posts: 63 Quote: Originally Posted by kastriot Well @3.7GHz would be only 10% slower than 6900K so if final cpu-s can oc up to say 4GHz it would be win depending how much it will cost now that's tricky part, if it's only 10-15% cheaper than intel equivalent then i guess Amd is in big trouble but time will tell.. I agree with you , but let's not forget that intel's K cpu's can overclock as well to say 4 GHz and beyond     robintson View Public Profile Find all posts by robintson   (#43) fry178 Master Guru     Videocard: Zotac 1070 AMP Processor: i7-3770K@4GHz Mainboard: Asus ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: DDR3-2133/16GB Soundcard: XonarDSX/Sennheiser HD580 PSU: Seasonic Platinum 760w 12-26-2016, 09:47 | posts: 320 | Location: Maryland @gx-x amd wont beat intel in overall, but close and with lower heat, which hopefully helps ocing. and they cant go +350$ for the 8C or ppl wont buy, a premium maybe for binned chips clocking 4ish.     fry178 View Public Profile Find all posts by fry178   (#44) Seikon Newbie   Videocard: Intel HD4600 Processor: i5 4460 Mainboard: Memory: Soundcard: PSU: antec NEO 12-26-2016, 10:31 | posts: 6 Now you se , those 350$ wont hapen for the 8 core , if it's close to intel they will put it more like 500$ , unles intel droops the price of course     Seikon View Public Profile Find all posts by Seikon   (#45) k3vst3r Ancient Guru     Videocard: Tri-fire 290x Qnix 120Hz Processor: i7 4770k 4.6 Mainboard: Asus Maximus Hero VI Memory: 4x4GB 2400 Soundcard: SB X-FI Titanium PSU: Corsair AX1200i 12-26-2016, 10:35 | posts: 3,257 | Location: Sheffield UK Saw leak saying $350 for the Ryzen 8c/16t standard edition 3.4Ghz. Was $500 for the black edition specially binned Ryzen 8c/16t.     k3vst3r View Public Profile Find all posts by k3vst3r   (#46) Ryu5uzaku Ancient Guru     Videocard: 980ti gaming 1490/7700 Processor: 3770K @ 4.4 stock voltage Mainboard: z68 crap Memory: 16GB Soundcard: Meridian 2G PSU: 850W SF platinum 12-26-2016, 12:21 | posts: 6,241 | Location: Finland Quote: Originally Posted by ViRGE Yeah, but I cant afford the 6/8 core Intel offerings, I need more cores with decent single core performance, I am hoping Ryzen delivers. Well tbh if this is close to skylake in ipc then it is way faster then mine or yours clock for clock. Sky lake is in the end quite a bit faster then similarly clocked ivys or sandys. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4sx1kLGVAF0 Is maybe the best comparison I've seen regarding similar cpu performance on same clocks.     Ryu5uzaku View Public Profile Find all posts by Ryu5uzaku   (#47) Lane Ancient Guru   Videocard: 2x HD7970 - EK Waterblock Processor: I7 4930K H2o EK Supremacy Mainboard: Asus X79 Deluxe Memory: G-Skill C9 2133mhz 16GB Soundcard: X-FI Titanium HD + SP2500 PSU: CM 1000W 12-26-2016, 14:29 | posts: 6,263 | Location: Switzerland Guys, you jump fast on price and performance, based on this test ( who is not and was not intended as a review, but for compare the evolution of multiple architectures ( including the seven generations of Intel cores. ) - ES Samples with extremely low clock ( specially on turbo boost as said in the french newspapers ), we dont have the clock, but we cant even know if it was run at 3.2 ghz on games. ) early AO samples, can mean even some parts are disabled. ( turbo not working as intended etc, senseMI features etc ). - We dont know the scaling of clock vs performance. ( is 100mhz on Intel mean 100mhz on Zen ? ) - Beta motherboard, with test bios ( as mentionned in the article ). - We dont have individual numbers, so its impossible to know if the results are close, far, better and in what case, softwares, games. So by all mean there, what you have is hardly more than a minimum. If you want to compare IPC, we will need clock to clock tests in different scenarios. Some professional benchmark suite ( as 3Dmax 2015) are not forcibly yet completely optimized anyway and dont forcibly represent the 3Dmax 2017 performance same goes for other softwares. Last edited by Lane; 12-26-2016 at 14:31.     Lane View Public Profile Find all posts by Lane   (#48) nz3777 Maha Guru     Videocard: Evga Gtx 780 Acx Sc Processor: Fx 8320 E @ 4.2 Ghz Mainboard: Asus M5A78L-M Memory: 8gb 1600mhz/Ballistic Soundcard: SoundBlaster Recon 3d PSU: Corsair Hx 850 12-26-2016, 15:05 | posts: 1,373 | Location: Willowbrook ill. Quote: Originally Posted by Lane Guys, you jump fast on price and performance, based on this test ( who is not and was not intended as a review, but for compare the evolution of multiple architectures ( including the seven generations of Intel cores. ) - ES Samples with extremely low clock ( specially on turbo boost as said in the french newspapers ), we dont have the clock, but we cant even know if it was run at 3.2 ghz on games. ) early AO samples, can mean even some parts are disabled. ( turbo not working as intended etc, senseMI features etc ). - We dont know the scaling of clock vs performance. ( is 100mhz on Intel mean 100mhz on Zen ? ) - Beta motherboard, with test bios ( as mentionned in the article ). - We dont have individual numbers, so its impossible to know if the results are close, far, better and in what case, softwares, games. So by all mean there, what you have is hardly more than a minimum. If you want to compare IPC, we will need clock to clock tests in different scenarios. Some professional benchmark suite ( as 3Dmax 2015) are not forcibly yet completely optimized anyway and dont forcibly represent the 3Dmax 2017 performance same goes for other softwares. Nicely said!     nz3777 View Public Profile Find all posts by nz3777   (#49) -Tj- Ancient Guru     Videocard: ZOTAC GTX 980Ti Omega OC Processor: i7 4770K OC 4.7GHz|1.268v Mainboard: ASUS Z87 Deluxe 2103 Memory: DDR3 G.skill 16GB 2400MHz Soundcard: X-Fi Titanium HD @Bose A5 PSU: Nitro88+ 650W 52A 12-26-2016, 15:12 | posts: 13,084 | Location: Proxima \/82 and i saw one guy saying once, these ES dont oc as much as retail will, also it has one bug which prevents it to oc much, fixed in retail. he said it will oc up to 4.2ghz air np, BE even more up to 4.5ghz+ also it was possible to oc 5ghz on ice but yeah on this buggy ES, which will be much better retail.     -Tj- View Public Profile Find all posts by -Tj-   (#50) Denial Ancient Guru     Videocard: ASUS GTX 1080 Processor: i7-4790K Mainboard: ASUS Maximus VII Hero Memory: 16GB Corsair DDR3 2133 Soundcard: ZxR & HD800 Lyr/PC350SE PSU: Seasonic 1000w 12-26-2016, 15:32 | posts: 10,235 | Location: Terra Firma Yeah I actually heard a guy saying once that the cores are modular and AMD is going to sell upgrade kits to add more cores later. So you could start with a 8 core and move up to a 12 core when necessary. He also mentioned that the socket is going to be circular in the final build - you'll be able to turn it like a screw to unlock higher frequencies... Quote: Originally Posted by k3vst3r Saw leak saying $350 for the Ryzen 8c/16t standard edition 3.4Ghz. Was $500 for the black edition specially binned Ryzen 8c/16t. Honestly given these results and what we know about the final clockspeeds (base being 3.4) I'd think $500 is a good deal. I was personally getting ready to drop a $1000 on a 8 core Intel but I waited to see what Zen could do. For me the performance looks close enough that I'd rather give AMD the money. Even if Intel drops prices to match AMD, as long as Zen is within a few % I'll sacrifice it for the cause. Tired of Intel tbh. Last edited by Denial; 12-26-2016 at 15:40.     Denial View Public Profile Find all posts by Denial Page 2 of 3 < 1 2 3 > « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     ATI Tray Tools         ATI Tray Tools Generic Discussion             ATI Tray Tools Public Beta Section     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us ה' טבת תשע"ז   |   Monday, January 2, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Israel Experts: Resolution-Inspired Sanctions on Israel Possible, But Unlikely for Now Experts: Resolution-Inspired Sanctions on Israel Possible, But Unlikely for Now By Dov Benovadia Sunday, December 25, 2016 at 3:19 am | כ"ה כסלו תשע"ז The United Nations Building in New York. YERUSHALAYIM - According to experts in international law, the U.N. Security Council resolution that passed Friday condemning Israel’s settlement policy opens the door for international sanctions against Israel – but speaking to Yediot Achronot Sunday, Dr. Yaakov Sheinin, one of Israel’s top economists, said that it was unlikely such sanctions would be imposed any time soon. With that, he said, there needed to be a change in the attitude among international politicians about Israel, in order to ensure that the country continues to thrive economically. The resolution condemns “all measures aimed at altering the demographic composition, character and status of the Palestinian Territory occupied since 1967, including East Jerusalem,” and expresses grave concern that continuing Israeli settlement activities are dangerously imperiling the viability of the two-state solution based on the 1967 lines. It also lays the basis for sanctions against Israel, “calling upon all States to distinguish, in their relevant dealings, between the territory of the State of Israel and the territories occupied since 1967.” But Sheinin does not expect that to happen in the immediate future. “With that, there could be changes in the way business is done, and Israeli exports could be harmed. We are in a slow period for international investments – the only major investment in recent years has been that of Intel’s,” which recently invested several billion dollars in revamping its Kiryat Gat fabrication plant. Among the exposed organizations are Israeli banks, most of which have branches in Yehudah and Shomron, but Sheinin does not expect the banks to close branches in the region either. In general, he does not believe that the resolution will unduly harm the economy – but it certainly won’t help. “We are barely growing the economy by 3 percent a year, but we could be growing at 5 percent, and thus we are facing huge losses. I don’t expect boycotts of Israel, but I would like investors who have alternatives to prefer investing with us, which would be more likely if we were better liked in the world. Unfortunately, the resolution will hurt us in that way.”   Filed under: Security, U.N., Yehudah and Shomron Print Email Gmail Related Israeli, PA Officials: U.S. Planned to Abstain on U.N. Resolution U.S. Rebukes Israel and Allows U.N. Condemnation of Settlements Netanyahu Urges U.S. to Veto U.N. Resolution Senate Committee Adopts Resolution Backing Israel on Iran Israeli Banks Ordered to Respect Sanctions on Russia More in Israel Australian PM Nixes Proposal to Move Embassy to Yerushalayim Teachers Announce Warning Strike Tuesday Morning British Mandate Press Ordinance on the Way Out EU Spy Drone Crashes in Mount Chevron Almost 30 Terrorist Incidents in Past 24 Hours in Yehudah and Shomron OP-ED Don’t Write Democracy Off Just Yet Medical Trainees Need Their Sleep The History Behind the Flask A Brilliantly Simple Alternative to Obamacare ‘Repeal and Delay’ The Three Letters That Point to an Enemy Within: EPA A Problem With No Automatic Solution A Revelation of Ahavah Celebrating the Miracles Daily A Window into the Past On Taxation Aleppo and the American decline Your Future Commute: Flying Through Tubes at 760 mph For the Sake of Coexistence U.S. Arms Wielded by Terrorists: The Lebanon Crisis Awaiting Trump Features Sudoku – January 2, 2017 This Day In History 4 Teves/January 2 Nichum Aveilim 4 Teves/January 2 Finding the Right Yeshivah Mrs. Etya Kleinman (Part I) Editorial Cartoon – January 2, 2017 Pitcher Perfect This Day In History 1 Teves/December 30 Look Past the Greek Glitter Know Your Enemy Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav הרה”ק רבי ימזקאל שרגא משינאווא זי”ע Editorial Cartoon – December 30, 2016 Sudoku – December 30, 2016 Weather » Brooklyn 39°F Mist See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,383.12 -48.97 (-0.90%) S&P 500 2,238.83 -10.43 (-0.46%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9562 GBP 0.8142 ILS 3.8506 CHF 1.0242 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Just In 6hrs Railways see spike in cashless transactions 6hrs Alienation growing in J&K: Vohra 6hrs Demonetisation is yielding results, says Venkaiah 6hrs RSS, BJP leaders to go into a huddle over demonetisation 6hrs Centre submits report to poll panel on Manipur 6hrs Jayalalithaa’s absence a political opportunity for BJP: Venkaiah 6hrs Obama to deliver farewell speech on Jan.10 Trinamool is with Akhilesh: Mukul Roy Party belongs to me, says Mulayam Centre stalling judicial transfers: SC Mulayam stakes claim to SP’s ‘bicycle’ symbol Duterte seeking shift away from the U.S. towards China, says envoy No conclusive evidence of Russian role in hacking: Trump’s spokesman Police officers suspected of beating Rohingyas detained EC reviews security ahead of Assembly polls CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD Russia offers technology to keep hackers at bay Share On JUST IN 6hrs Railways see spike in cashless transactions 6hrs Alienation growing in J&K: Vohra 6hrs Demonetisation is yielding results, says Venkaiah 6hrs RSS, BJP leaders to go into a huddle over demonetisation 6hrs Centre submits report to poll panel on Manipur 6hrs Jayalalithaa’s absence a political opportunity for BJP: Venkaiah 6hrs Obama to deliver farewell speech on Jan.10 Trinamool is with Akhilesh: Mukul Roy Party belongs to me, says Mulayam Centre stalling judicial transfers: SC Mulayam stakes claim to SP’s ‘bicycle’ symbol Duterte seeking shift away from the U.S. towards China, says envoy No conclusive evidence of Russian role in hacking: Trump’s spokesman Police officers suspected of beating Rohingyas detained EC reviews security ahead of Assembly polls CLOSE Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Stock Quotes 2016 in review Business Economy Economy Russia offers technology to keep hackers at bay Peerzada Abrar December 25, 2016 21:58 IST Updated: December 26, 2016 01:02 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Peerzada Abrar December 25, 2016 21:58 IST Updated: December 26, 2016 01:02 IST more-in Russian Quantum Center (RQC) said that it is ready to collaborate with India and offer its quantum technology that will prevent hackers from breaking into bank accounts. RQC plans to offer 'quantum cryptography’ that could propel India to the forefront of hack proof communication in sectors such as banking and national and homeland security. "We are ready to work with Indian colleagues. It (the technology) can't be bought from the United States as it deals with the government and security,” said Ruslan Yunusov, chief executive at RQC, in an interview. Established by Russia's largest global technology hub, Skolkovo in 2010, RQC conducts scientific research that could lead to a new class of technologies.These include developing 'unbreakable cryptography' for the banks and the government organisations. It also involves research in areas such as materials with superior properties and new systems for ultrasensitive imaging of the brain. The research is mostly funded by the government money. The 'Quantum cryptography' created by RQC depends more on physics, rather than mathematics. It is based on the usage of individual particles or waves of light (photon) and their intrinsic quantum properties to develop an unbreakable cryptosystem, according to TechTarget, a technology media firm. This is feasible as "it is impossible to measure the quantum state of any system without disturbing that system," according to TechTarget. Mr.Yunusov, a PhD in Physics from Lomonosov Moscow State University, said that RQC is willing to collaborate as Russia and India are part of BRICS, an association of five major emerging national economies.He also mentioned that Russian President Vladimir Putin has said that India is Russia's 'privileged strategic partner'. "I think if we start the work with the Indian partners, we will be supported by our governments also," he said. Banks hacked Experts say that a technology like 'quantum cryptography' is relevant at a time when hacking targets are multiplying in India as the country goes digital. Researchers in India at cybersecurity company FireEye recently discovered phishing websites created by cybercriminals that spoof 26 Indian banks in order to steal personal information from customers. In another incident, the security of about 3.2 million debit cards got compromised in the country. Technology company Yahoo too faced a huge data breach when it discovered a hacking attack dating back to 2013 that may have affected more than one billion of its user accounts. "If IT giants like 'Yahoo' are vulnerable, we can well imagine the cyber risks that banks or financial institutions can experience, with the current surge in digitisation," said Trishneet Arora, an ethical hacker and chief executive of cybersecurity startup TAC Security, in a statement. However, hacking attacks cannot only be performed using normal computers. Mr.Yunusov of RQC said that as 'quantum computers' get sufficiently powerful they would be able to easily decrypt today's internet communication. Quantum computers exist today but are experimental, small and include only few quantum bits. Companies like Google, IBM, Intel and Microsoft are already working on it. This year Google announced that it is working on protecting Chrome against possible attacks of quantum computers. The search giant is doing this by deploying post-quantum cryptography in an experimental version of the browser. Quantum key distribution The traditional encryption depends on transmitting a decryption key along with the secret information. The recipient then uses that key for deciphering that secret data. But hackers can clone this key and steal the information. To address this problem the most promising application of quantum cryptography is Quantum key distribution (QKD). RQC said that two users can establish QKD session, that allows them to obtain a random private key. QKD is distinct as it encrypts this key on light particles called photons. A hacker trying to clone or read such a key would automatically change its state, due to fundamental principle of quantum mechanics. It would also leave a hacker fingerprint. This means the recipient and the transmitter can easily detect the attempts to read or intercept the information. Mr.Yunusov said the QKD solution developed by the RQC was used for establishing quantum keys between two bank offices in Moscow. RQC said the developed solution can be a central point of quantum-safe infrastructure for banks, financial and governmental institutions "ensuring absolute security of communication." More In Business Economy Related Articles << Previous Story Centre’s safety body warns against use of mobile wallets, PoS devices at fuel stations Next Story >> No intention of govt. to impose long-term capital gains tax: Jaitley Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Printable version | Jan 3, 2017 7:48:38 AM | http://www.thehindu.com/business/Economy/Russia-offers-technology-to-keep-hackers-at-bay/article16942015.ece © The Hindu Point of Sale terminals: How they work Following the withdrawal of high-value currency notes, activity at PoS terminals saw exponential growth, even as the number of new such machines installed has also gone up. Manojit Saha Top Picks in The Hindu today Matunga police celebrate “Mummy’s” birthday Shakespeare’s ‘Hamlet’ was dated wrongly? In Valley, jawans turn to ‘jugaad’ to safeguard their vehicles For men in uniform, panoply of duplicates Meet Ritu Phogat, the most expensive Indian woman wrestler at Pro-Wrestling League Tech predictions for 2017 Manipur blockade: Timeline British woman live streams labour on Facebook Now, apply for Haj using app Thakur’s removal was a logical consequence: Lodha Close X Next Story >> No intention of govt. to impose long-term capital gains tax: Jaitley Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2016, The Hindu
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Happy Holidays! This site relies upon advertisements to continue producing new Linux/open-source content over the past 12+ years. If you wish to continue blocking ads, please consider this holiday joining ad-free Phoronix Premium. Besides an ad-free experience, Phoronix Premium grants access to multi-page articles on a single page and other benefits while still supporting our site. Or if you insist on blocking ads, perhaps consider a holiday tip? Thanks for your support and happy holidays. WD Blue 250GB SSD Linux Benchmarks Written by Michael Larabel in Hardware on 25 December 2016 at 12:39 PM EST. 6 Comments While I have owned many Western Digital hard drives over the years, last week was my first time trying out one of the company's new solid-state drives (SSDs) under Linux. Some Linux benchmark results to share for reference today are of the WD Blue 250GB (WDS250G1B0A) SATA 3.0 SSD. The WD Blue SSD line-up currently comes in 250GB / 500GB / 1TB capacities and in M.2 or 2.5-inch drive form factors. The WDS250G1B0A is the 250GB SATA 3.0 2.5-inch model. This model is rated for sequential reads up to 540MB/s, sequential writes up to 500MB/s, random reads up to 97k IOPS, random writes up to 79k IOPS and an endurance of 100 TBW. Western Digital backs their WD Blue SSDs with a three year warranty. From a technical perspective, the WD Blue SSD line-up isn't anything too exciting by modern SSDs and pretty much puts it in line with other SATA 3.0 solid-state drives from other vendors. This 250GB SATA 3.0 SSD currently retails for $78 USD on Amazon.com. For running some Linux benchmarks I compared the WD Blue 250GB SSD performance to the PNY CS1211 120GB, Toshiba/OCZ TR150 120GB, VisionTek 240GB SATA 3 SSD, Samsung 850 EVO 1200GB SSD. Then on the NVMe SSD front for reference was the Samsung 950 PRO 256GB, Samsung 960 EVO 256GB, and Intel 600p 256GB. The FIO results put this WD Blue SSD on Ubuntu Linux as performing in line with the other consumer SATA 3.0 SSDs while of course the NVMe SSDs offer much better performance at a higher cost. In some workloads the WD Blue SSD does outperform the other low-cost SSDs. You can view more results via this OpenBenchmarking.org result file. If you wish to compare your own Linux system's disk performance to the results in this article, simply install the Phoronix Test Suite and then run phoronix-test-suite benchmark 1612254-TA-WDSSD598276. More details on this SSD via the Amazon product page. 6 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Hardware News The Top NVIDIA vs. AMD/Radeon Linux News Of 2016 The Firefly-RK3399 Looks Like An Interesting 6-Core ARM 64-Bit Developer Board VC4 Stepping Closer To Feature Parity With Original Raspberry Pi Driver OPAL Self-Encrypting Drive Support For Linux Steps Closer That Didn't Last Long: Samsung 960 EVO NVMe Already Fails Linux 4.10 To Better Support Microsoft's Surface 3 Device Popular News Wine 2.0 Is Looking Like It Will Be A Late January Release Mesa's RADV Vulkan Driver Receives Some Fixes For DOOM The Top BSD News This Year: Ubuntu Atop BSD, FreeBSD 11.0, DragonFly's HAMMER2 Former Valve Developer: Steam Linux Project Was The Hardest Arcan Display Server Working On X.Org / Wayland Compatibility Lineage: Forking CyanogenMod To A New Android Distribution Latest Linux News RadeonSI Patches Boost Deus Ex: MD Performance By ~70% Dawn-CC: Automatically Adding OpenACC/OpenMP Directives To Programs KDE Kirigami UI 2.0 Beta Released: Better Android Integration, QQC2 Focus Linux 4.9/4.10, Solaris Rumors, Graphics Driver News Ended Out 2016 GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Should Tarballs Be On Their Way Out The Door In 2017? Steam's Linux Marketshare Ended Slightly Lower For 2016 Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 Steam's Top Grossing Games Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Featured Articles Happy New Year! That's A Wrap For 2016 With 3,336 New Articles + 248 Reviews/Featured Articles Setting Up A MoCA 2.0 Ethernet-Over-Coax Network, Linux LAN Benchmarks EXT4 / F2FS / Btrfs / XFS On Early Linux 4.10 Kernel NVIDIA CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks For Ending 2016 + cuDNN Caffe AlexNet/Googlenet Running The Intel NUC6i7KYK On Linux With Skylake Iris Pro Graphics Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Just In 6hrs Railways see spike in cashless transactions 6hrs Alienation growing in J&K: Vohra 6hrs Demonetisation is yielding results, says Venkaiah 6hrs RSS, BJP leaders to go into a huddle over demonetisation 6hrs Centre submits report to poll panel on Manipur 6hrs Jayalalithaa’s absence a political opportunity for BJP: Venkaiah 6hrs Obama to deliver farewell speech on Jan.10 Trinamool is with Akhilesh: Mukul Roy Party belongs to me, says Mulayam Centre stalling judicial transfers: SC Mulayam stakes claim to SP’s ‘bicycle’ symbol Duterte seeking shift away from the U.S. towards China, says envoy No conclusive evidence of Russian role in hacking: Trump’s spokesman Police officers suspected of beating Rohingyas detained EC reviews security ahead of Assembly polls CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD Dual-degree students at IIT-B get better placements Share On JUST IN 6hrs Railways see spike in cashless transactions 6hrs Alienation growing in J&K: Vohra 6hrs Demonetisation is yielding results, says Venkaiah 6hrs RSS, BJP leaders to go into a huddle over demonetisation 6hrs Centre submits report to poll panel on Manipur 6hrs Jayalalithaa’s absence a political opportunity for BJP: Venkaiah 6hrs Obama to deliver farewell speech on Jan.10 Trinamool is with Akhilesh: Mukul Roy Party belongs to me, says Mulayam Centre stalling judicial transfers: SC Mulayam stakes claim to SP’s ‘bicycle’ symbol Duterte seeking shift away from the U.S. towards China, says envoy No conclusive evidence of Russian role in hacking: Trump’s spokesman Police officers suspected of beating Rohingyas detained EC reviews security ahead of Assembly polls CLOSE Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam 2016 in review News Cities Mumbai Mumbai Dual-degree students at IIT-B get better placements Hepzi Anthony December 26, 2016 00:19 IST Updated: December 26, 2016 00:19 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Hepzi Anthony December 26, 2016 00:19 IST Updated: December 26, 2016 00:19 IST more-in Mumbai: About 950 students of the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay (IIT-B) were placed in different positions in the first phase placements this year, according to the institute. As many as 275 companies visited the campus for placements, and the students received an average salary of Rs. 11.35 lakh as cost to company. Incidentally, there was high demand for those with dual degrees. The percentage of students with dual degrees receiving jobs was higher than those with single degrees. About 371 students of B.Tech, 301 students of M.Tech and 169 dual-degree students were placed in the first season of placements this year. “These days, the companies try to cut management and logistic costs by hiring those with dual degrees or inter-disciplinary students. This way, they save up on salaries of personnel. So, an oil company will not just hire a chemical engineer, but also someone who understands technology,” said Chandrashekhar Kulkarni, an engineering college professor, who has been observing the engineering placement scene for over two decades. The placement season of IIT-B seemed lacklustre this year. Information Technology giants like Infosys and Wipro, and big players like Microsoft and Google who offer huge salaries, were absent. Intel Technologies offered about 28 jobs, while Samsung came with more than 20 offers. Other companies that gave more than 20 offers were Citicorp and Dar-Al. Companies like Axis Bank, Goldman Sachs, DataXU, and Future First gave more than 10 offers. “IIT students used to be in huge demand earlier during the building era in the IT sector, when there was huge demand for programmer analysts. Later, the IIT students were taken up by the banking sector to build their infrastructure. Thereafter, the phase came when financial companies took them for cloud computing, to build and analyse their mathematical data. But with the banking and IT sectors saturated and stagnant, the jobs market will pick up only after the current crop moves out. Only then will the demand pick up,” Kulkarni said. The second phase of placements at IIT-B will take place in January 2017. The writer is a freelance journalist More In Mumbai employment education Related Articles << Previous Story Uddhav offers support to farmers opposing e-way Next Story >> Listen without prejudice Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Printable version | Jan 3, 2017 7:48:40 AM | http://www.thehindu.com/news/cities/mumbai/Dual-degree-students-at-IIT-B-get-better-placements/article16942424.ece © The Hindu South Indian by nature SamBar, the new resto-bar that’s replaced Khar’s Loca Loca, has inventive cocktails and fun finger food inspired by the cuisine from south of the Vindhyas Aatish Nath Top Picks in The Hindu today Matunga police celebrate “Mummy’s” birthday Shakespeare’s ‘Hamlet’ was dated wrongly? In Valley, jawans turn to ‘jugaad’ to safeguard their vehicles For men in uniform, panoply of duplicates Meet Ritu Phogat, the most expensive Indian woman wrestler at Pro-Wrestling League Tech predictions for 2017 Manipur blockade: Timeline British woman live streams labour on Facebook Now, apply for Haj using app Thakur’s removal was a logical consequence: Lodha Close X Next Story >> Listen without prejudice Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2016, The Hindu
Just In 6hrs Railways see spike in cashless transactions 6hrs Alienation growing in J&K: Vohra 6hrs Demonetisation is yielding results, says Venkaiah 6hrs RSS, BJP leaders to go into a huddle over demonetisation 6hrs Centre submits report to poll panel on Manipur 6hrs Jayalalithaa’s absence a political opportunity for BJP: Venkaiah 6hrs Obama to deliver farewell speech on Jan.10 Trinamool is with Akhilesh: Mukul Roy Party belongs to me, says Mulayam Centre stalling judicial transfers: SC Mulayam stakes claim to SP’s ‘bicycle’ symbol Duterte seeking shift away from the U.S. towards China, says envoy No conclusive evidence of Russian role in hacking: Trump’s spokesman Police officers suspected of beating Rohingyas detained EC reviews security ahead of Assembly polls CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD Russia offers technology to keep hackers at bay Share On JUST IN 6hrs Railways see spike in cashless transactions 6hrs Alienation growing in J&K: Vohra 6hrs Demonetisation is yielding results, says Venkaiah 6hrs RSS, BJP leaders to go into a huddle over demonetisation 6hrs Centre submits report to poll panel on Manipur 6hrs Jayalalithaa’s absence a political opportunity for BJP: Venkaiah 6hrs Obama to deliver farewell speech on Jan.10 Trinamool is with Akhilesh: Mukul Roy Party belongs to me, says Mulayam Centre stalling judicial transfers: SC Mulayam stakes claim to SP’s ‘bicycle’ symbol Duterte seeking shift away from the U.S. towards China, says envoy No conclusive evidence of Russian role in hacking: Trump’s spokesman Police officers suspected of beating Rohingyas detained EC reviews security ahead of Assembly polls CLOSE Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Stock Quotes 2016 in review Business Economy Economy Russia offers technology to keep hackers at bay Peerzada Abrar December 25, 2016 21:58 IST Updated: December 26, 2016 01:02 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Peerzada Abrar December 25, 2016 21:58 IST Updated: December 26, 2016 01:02 IST more-in Russian Quantum Center (RQC) said that it is ready to collaborate with India and offer its quantum technology that will prevent hackers from breaking into bank accounts. RQC plans to offer 'quantum cryptography’ that could propel India to the forefront of hack proof communication in sectors such as banking and national and homeland security. "We are ready to work with Indian colleagues. It (the technology) can't be bought from the United States as it deals with the government and security,” said Ruslan Yunusov, chief executive at RQC, in an interview. Established by Russia's largest global technology hub, Skolkovo in 2010, RQC conducts scientific research that could lead to a new class of technologies.These include developing 'unbreakable cryptography' for the banks and the government organisations. It also involves research in areas such as materials with superior properties and new systems for ultrasensitive imaging of the brain. The research is mostly funded by the government money. The 'Quantum cryptography' created by RQC depends more on physics, rather than mathematics. It is based on the usage of individual particles or waves of light (photon) and their intrinsic quantum properties to develop an unbreakable cryptosystem, according to TechTarget, a technology media firm. This is feasible as "it is impossible to measure the quantum state of any system without disturbing that system," according to TechTarget. Mr.Yunusov, a PhD in Physics from Lomonosov Moscow State University, said that RQC is willing to collaborate as Russia and India are part of BRICS, an association of five major emerging national economies.He also mentioned that Russian President Vladimir Putin has said that India is Russia's 'privileged strategic partner'. "I think if we start the work with the Indian partners, we will be supported by our governments also," he said. Banks hacked Experts say that a technology like 'quantum cryptography' is relevant at a time when hacking targets are multiplying in India as the country goes digital. Researchers in India at cybersecurity company FireEye recently discovered phishing websites created by cybercriminals that spoof 26 Indian banks in order to steal personal information from customers. In another incident, the security of about 3.2 million debit cards got compromised in the country. Technology company Yahoo too faced a huge data breach when it discovered a hacking attack dating back to 2013 that may have affected more than one billion of its user accounts. "If IT giants like 'Yahoo' are vulnerable, we can well imagine the cyber risks that banks or financial institutions can experience, with the current surge in digitisation," said Trishneet Arora, an ethical hacker and chief executive of cybersecurity startup TAC Security, in a statement. However, hacking attacks cannot only be performed using normal computers. Mr.Yunusov of RQC said that as 'quantum computers' get sufficiently powerful they would be able to easily decrypt today's internet communication. Quantum computers exist today but are experimental, small and include only few quantum bits. Companies like Google, IBM, Intel and Microsoft are already working on it. This year Google announced that it is working on protecting Chrome against possible attacks of quantum computers. The search giant is doing this by deploying post-quantum cryptography in an experimental version of the browser. Quantum key distribution The traditional encryption depends on transmitting a decryption key along with the secret information. The recipient then uses that key for deciphering that secret data. But hackers can clone this key and steal the information. To address this problem the most promising application of quantum cryptography is Quantum key distribution (QKD). RQC said that two users can establish QKD session, that allows them to obtain a random private key. QKD is distinct as it encrypts this key on light particles called photons. A hacker trying to clone or read such a key would automatically change its state, due to fundamental principle of quantum mechanics. It would also leave a hacker fingerprint. This means the recipient and the transmitter can easily detect the attempts to read or intercept the information. Mr.Yunusov said the QKD solution developed by the RQC was used for establishing quantum keys between two bank offices in Moscow. RQC said the developed solution can be a central point of quantum-safe infrastructure for banks, financial and governmental institutions "ensuring absolute security of communication." More In Business Economy Related Articles << Previous Story Centre’s safety body warns against use of mobile wallets, PoS devices at fuel stations Next Story >> No intention of govt. to impose long-term capital gains tax: Jaitley Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Printable version | Jan 3, 2017 7:48:38 AM | http://www.thehindu.com/business/Economy/Russia-offers-technology-to-keep-hackers-at-bay/article16942015.ece © The Hindu Point of Sale terminals: How they work Following the withdrawal of high-value currency notes, activity at PoS terminals saw exponential growth, even as the number of new such machines installed has also gone up. Manojit Saha Top Picks in The Hindu today Matunga police celebrate “Mummy’s” birthday Shakespeare’s ‘Hamlet’ was dated wrongly? In Valley, jawans turn to ‘jugaad’ to safeguard their vehicles For men in uniform, panoply of duplicates Meet Ritu Phogat, the most expensive Indian woman wrestler at Pro-Wrestling League Tech predictions for 2017 Manipur blockade: Timeline British woman live streams labour on Facebook Now, apply for Haj using app Thakur’s removal was a logical consequence: Lodha Close X Next Story >> No intention of govt. to impose long-term capital gains tax: Jaitley Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2016, The Hindu
null
Menu CSO Mobile Security Data Protection Identity & Access CSOM CISO Leaders CSO Events Resources/Whitepapers Women in Security Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Google + RSS Feed Login Username Password Forgot password? Don't have an account? Sign up now close The week in security: Yahoo suffers biggest breach ever as US promises cyber-payback over Russian election hack David Braue (CSO Online) on 19 December, 2016 11:43 0 - - - - print email Data breaches continue to get bigger and badder, with Yahoo announcing the compromise of 1 billion accounts – back in 2013, meaning that hackers had three years to abuse the breach. As with the other biggest data breaches suffered throughout the year, there were several things every user should do. This, as the fallout from the somewhat-smaller massive Ashley Madison hack was quantified, with the company fined $US8.75m ($A11.6m) and submitting to 20 years of federal security auditing as well as paying a $US1.6m ($A2.1m) settlement related to the breach. Even as the recount in the US election continued – with the margin for Donald Trump up slightly – US officials were cagey about their potential response to what increasingly became recognised as cybersecurity interference from Russia in the US elections. Congressional leaders were asking questions even as US president Barack Obama promised to punish Russia for its actions and it was revealed that a group of Russian hackers had stolen login credentials from a US agency that tests and verifies voting equipment. The infiltration methods triggered reminders about how to stop being infiltrated by suspicious emails, while those concerned with Internet of Things (IoT) device security didn’t miss a chance to point out that privacy protections for wearable devices are too weak. Dozens of people were arrested in a multinational crackdown on DDoS perpetrators, while experts were offering tips to stay ahead of ransomware threats – and to understand how cybersecurity investigators are using maths to improve their identification of hackers. A coalition of security researchers fighting ransomware added 30 new members and decryption tools for dozens of ransomware variants. Yet with non-malware attacks on the rise and too many companies doing little or no security testing, building up a broader Industrial-products giant CSR explained how it had built a unified security defence in the cloud, while drone manufacturers were literally bringing better security to the cloud through an effort to issue drones with digital certificates. Facebook was also working with digital certificates, launching a tool that lets domain name owners find certificates issued without their knowledge. Speaking of things happening without users’ knowledge, Evernote changed its policy to allow employees to read customers’ notes where necessary – but quickly changed its mind after a surge of complaints. Yet its idea – to use the notes to train machine-learning algorithms – reflects a growing trend that is also pushing hackers to find new ways to get around artificial-intelligence defences. Data visibility is crucial to ensuring business continuity across the business-cloud boundary – particularly given findings of a new study that suggest nearly half of all Web sites pose security risks to visitors. Also posing security concerns were pagers, which offer a new way for businesses to be compromised by patient hackers with the right equipment. Read more Protecting the future at ​Anticipate 2016 Netgear routers were being exposed to hacking thanks to an unpatched vulnerability that the company rushed to fix, while Adobe fixed an actively exploited Flash zero-day and Microsoft moved to disable Flash altogether in its Edge browser. There were warnings that Apple’s macOS file encryption can be easily bypassed, while McAfee enterprise AV for Linux was found to be suffering a number of remote-exploit bugs. This, as security pioneer John McAfee took Intel to court to stop it using his name until another name-related dispute can be resolved. Read More: Cyber in Business conference kicks off on December 1 In wake of Census fail, IBM taps Watson AI to support new cybersecurity A-team Cybersecurity sabre-rattling to shape nation-state conflicts in 2017 ​With IoT exploited and trust damaged, experts predict “lucrative chaos” as threats fly thick and fast in 2017 ​Resilience and intelligence are key to infosec success More from LogRhythm Join the CSO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags hackerscybersecuritycyber-paybackDonald TrumpUS electionBarack ObamaransomwareFacebookYahoodata breachesAshley Madison hackdevice securityInternet of Things (IoT)Russian election More about AdobeAppleCSREvernoteFacebookIntelLinuxMicrosoftYahoo Read next Cloud control imperative in 2017 as Dropbox hands administrators a bigger stick Google fixes 74 Android bugs and rolls out Nougat 7.1.1 CISOs sidelined as Australia’s buoyant IT-security jobs market focuses on consultants Anticipate 2016 Security is no fiction: Infosec on TV, film—and in space Patching humans: Pointless exercise or an essential defence | ANTICIPATE 2016 Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Featured Whitepapers Macquarie University prioritises safety of staff and students with AtHoc The CIO's Guide to EMM Government agency ensures security of mobile workforce with Blackberry Enterprise service 10 Government agency ensures security of mobile workforce with Blackberry Enterprise service 10 Editor's Recommendations ​With IoT exploited and trust damaged, experts predict “lucrative chaos” as threats fly thick and fast in 2017 Cybersecurity sabre-rattling to shape nation-state conflicts in 2017 ​The digital age extends to the bottom-line – even when it comes to signing on it! Solution Centres Enterprise Mobility Resource Centre Security Intelligence Network Security Zone Stories by David Braue ​With IoT exploited and trust damaged, experts predict “lucrative chaos” as threats fly thick and fast in 2017 Machine-learning communities will help businesses fight hacker fraternisation, predict insider threats Cybersecurity sabre-rattling to shape nation-state conflicts in 2017 What keeps Splunk’s CEO up at night? An exabyte of security data per day Latest Videos CSO Webinar: 21st-century whalers will harpoon your profits – and conventional defences can't stop them Play Video CSO Webinar: So, you’ve put your data in the cloud. How will you keep it safe? Play Video CSO Webinar: Will your data protection strategy be enough when disaster strikes? Play Video CSO Webinar: The Human Factor - Your people are your biggest security weakness Play Video CSO Webinar: Current ransomware defences are failing – but machine learning can drive a more proactive solution Play Video More videos Blog Posts ​Mossack Fonseca - Insider Threat - What would you do? Matthew Hackling Awareness Matt Tett Are you on the backfoot? Jarrod Loidl Internet Security....the final word.....well maybe the second final.....ah, maybe one more after that..... Drazen Drazic Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Send Us E-mail | Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Subscribe to emails | Contacts Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO | CMO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Home Login/Sign up Sections Industries Industries Banking & Finance Health Government Retail Manufacturing Data Protection Data Protection Application Security Network Security Cloud Security Social Networking Security Wireless / Mobile Security Malware / Cybercrime Data Privacy PCI & Compliance IT Audit Social Engineering Identity & Access Identity & Access Access Control Identity Management Identity Theft Prevention Mobile Security Security Leadership Security Leadership Compliance Executive Communication Security Awareness Strategic Planning / ERM Metrics / Budgets Security Industry Global Security Security Career Staffing Risk Management RSA 2014 Women in Security News Features Opinions Blogs Reviews EThreatz Resources / Whitepapers Galleries Events CSO Directory RSS Feed
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   IOT Market 2016 Analysis and Forecast 2020 ReportsWeb.com published IOT Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, December 26, 2016 ) IoT is a network of tangible objects that are interconnected and can communicate among themselves as well as with the internal and external environments. It connects hardware devices, embedded software, communication services, and IT services. It creates smart communication environments such as smart homes, smart shopping, smart transportation, and smart healthcare. It is an emerging ecosystem of Internet protocol (IP)-connected devices with the potential to deliver business benefits valued at trillions of dollars in the future across varied industries. Publisher's analysts forecast the IoT market in Nordic region to grow at a CAGR of 15.11% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/iot-market-in-nordic-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the IoT market in Nordic region for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the following: - Revenue generated from the connectivity services offered for IoT connected devices, which are used in various industries, including consumer electronics, retail, healthcare, automotive, and utilities - Revenue realized from IoT platforms, applications, licenses, and support and maintenance services - Consolidated revenue of mobile network operators (MNOs), mobile virtual network operators (MVNOs), and mobile virtual network enablers (MVNEs) in terms of IoT services and solutions - Revenue generated by IoT managed service providers and Internet service providers (ISPs) The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Sweden - Norway - Denmark - Finland Publisher's report, IoT Market in Nordic Region 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Ericsson - Tele2 - Telenor Group - TeliaSonera - Tieto Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001263455/sample Other prominent vendors - Accenture - Cisco Systems - Gemalto - Huawei - IBM - Intel - Nordic Semiconductors - Novatel Wireless - Orange Business Services - Qualcomm - SAP - Sierra Wireless - Wipro - Wireless Matrix (CalAmp) Market driver - Reduced prices of connected devices - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Lack of standardization - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Rise in adoption of IoT in supply chain management - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001263455/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
KQED Menu KQED News KQED News Home Topics Arts and Culture Economy Education Health Immigration Environment Housing Law and Justice Politics and Government Science Sports Technology Transportation Programs & Blogs News Fix The California Report Forum Future of You KQED Newsroom Love In The Digital Age MindShift Bay Curious Perspectives State of Health The Lowdown Truth Be Told Video Special Coverage Boomtown Drawn to the Bay Election 2016 El Niño Immigrant Shift SF Homeless Project KQED News KQED News Home Topics Arts and Culture Economy Education Health Immigration Environment Housing Law and Justice Politics and Government Science Sports Technology Transportation Programs Programs & Blogs News Fix The California Report Forum Future of You KQED Newsroom Love In The Digital Age MindShift Bay Curious Perspectives State of Health The Lowdown Truth Be Told Video Special Coverage Boomtown Drawn to the Bay Election 2016 El Niño Immigrant Shift SF Homeless Project NPR PBS Donate Search Go Close Popular KQED Home Listen Live Watch Episodes Podcasts Radio Schedules TV Schedules Mobile/Apps Donate Sections Radio TV News Arts Food Science Education Support KQED About KQED KQED Public Media for Northern California KQED News Search Skip to content Skip to content Search for: The California Report Why Aren’t There More Women in Tech? A Tour of Silicon Valley’s Leaky Pipeline What works (or doesn't work) to get more women into tech jobs? (Chelsea Beck/NPR) By Alina Selyukh & Antonia Cereijido NPR December 26, 2016 Share Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) This story was reported by Latino USA in collaboration with All Tech Considered. The audio version of this story aired earlier on Latino USA; it is embedded below. Micaela Honorato is looking from the sidelines as boys from her after-school program take turns racing their handmade hovercraft on a dirt field in a city park. These remote-controlled cardboard devices are less “hover” and more “skid-along,” as the teacher Abraham Orozco puts it. Today, the middle-school kids are contending for the fastest spin around four traffic cones. Micaela is a tall 12-year-old with a serious and focused gaze. She quietly awaits her turn, then concentrates on the controls. At 16.36 seconds, she takes the lead in the competition. This after-school program is called HOLA — which stands for “Heart of Los Angeles” — and it serves the city’s Rampart District, where nearly all residents live in poverty. The vast majority of HOLA’s participants are Latino. Over nearly 30 years, the program has helped hundreds go to college. A handful of students from Orozco’s scientific arts program at HOLA have pursued successful technical careers. But Orozco says a lot of his students shy away from the tech industry, despite technical talents: They don’t want jobs with any economic risk — something quite common for work at a startup or in computer science in general. The Leak in the Pipeline It’s even harder to get girls interested. At HOLA, younger kids don’t get to choose their classes, but programs become elective for high school students. Orozco’s scientific arts program is “girl-heavy” in elementary and middle school, he says. At the high school level, only two of his 13 students are girls. And this is one of the clear leaks of the talent pipeline that feeds workers to the tech industry. Year after year, Silicon Valley companies have been criticized for their slow process in employing more women and other underrepresented groups, which for tech are black and Latino. And often, they say they simply can’t find enough qualified workers to hire. As you go through the tech talent “pipeline” to find where it leaks, HOLA illustrates a major one. Somewhere between middle school and high school graduation, girls’ interest in tech peaks and wanes. Down the line, women make up roughly half of U.S. workers and of the U.S. population — but on average represent less than a third of tech companies’ employees. For black and Hispanic workers, the numbers drop into single digits: These groups tend to comprise 3 percent or less of tech companies’ employees. And it’s not just technical fields, but all staff and leadership roles. The MySpace Gateway Attempting to reverse-engineer interest in tech, we asked women in a Slack group for Latinos in tech called Techquería: How did you first get into it? A surprising number of women replied: MySpace. The now-arcane social network allowed for a lot of customization — users could mess with the color schemes, fonts, add bells and whistles by tinkering with the source code. The site’s popularity in the mid-2000s introduced many middle- and high school girls to basic HTML. Dalia Icedo was the queen of cool MySpace designs: She got so good at customizing profiles that she created a whole separate page where other people could get her themes. “I would change the color scheme literally every day, probably,” she says, “because I was 12, I had nothing else to do.” The skills came in handy after high school, when she started an online shop to sell things like band pins and earrings — and began tinkering with visuals that bugged her, like margins that felt too wide. “So I started to just go into the code and started to see a lot of the HTML and CSS that I had learned before. And then from there I just started to pick up JavaScript,” says Icedo, who is in college and wants to become a UX (user experience) designer in Silicon Valley. “It gave me a lot more confidence of being able to pick up coding.” The Consumer/Creator Breakdown Today, social media is no less popular than 10 years ago — and girls are more avid users than boys, especially on Snapchat and Instagram. But as technology has become more user-friendly, it’s also become less customizable — even grandparents can use Facebook, but how many of us understand how it works? And talking with young girls, few are drawing the connection between using popular apps and thinking that they could program them. The number of women studying math and computer science in college peaked in the 1980s — even as overall, women receive the growing majority of bachelor’s degrees. NPR’s Planet Money podcast dug into this phenomenon, zeroing in on the year 1984: “Personal computers started showing up in U.S. homes in significant numbers. These early personal computers weren’t much more than toys. … And these toys were marketed almost entirely to men and boys. This idea that computers are for boys became a narrative.” Now, both the corporate marketers and the diversity activists have been trying to figure out the sensitive matter of how to market tech to girls. The line between “girly” and “for girls” can be thin. What matters is what girls can actually do with the technology, says Deldelp Medina, co-founder of Latina-focused accelerator Avion Ventures, who’s now at tech diversity nonprofit Code2040. A small pink computer isn’t terrible per se, Medina argues: Smaller keyboards are actually nice to prevent carpal tunnel in smaller hands. What’s insulting is if this computer comes with less processing power, memory or useful software than a regular one. ‘Women and everybody who’s currently underrepresented in the tech industry has to gain those skill sets, because otherwise, it will not go well for any of us.’ Deldelp Medina, on the tech-worker shortage “There’s a difference,” she says, “between wanting to celebrate your femininity and shrinking and pinking something.” The Mentorship Challenge Targeting girls with technology can get thorny. But Andrea Guendelman, creator of Latinos-in-tech social network BeVisible, says one — if not the only — thing that works is mentorship. In the summer of 2014, Jazmine Fernandez was one of the young women in the Girls Who Code program. Being raised by a single mother and sisters, Fernandez knew there’s little women can’t do. But when she heard she got placed at Facebook, Fernandez felt intimidated — excited, but mostly scared. “Because when I went, there was just a lot of …” Her voice trails off. “There was … how do I say this?” Her mentor, Raquel Vélez, steps in: “There weren’t a lot people who looked like you, huh?” Fernandez heard Vélez give a talk at Facebook headquarters, and she made a huge impression: Latinas can get jobs in Silicon Valley. “One of my favorite quotes ever is, ‘You can’t be it if you can’t see it,’ ” says Vélez, engineering manager at software company NPM. “Believe me, I have like 25 mentors, and it’s the only way I can make it through, because so often I’m the only one.” Fernandez is now studying computer science at San Francisco State University. She expects the field to always be a struggle. In one of her classes, a guy once basically tried to argue that girls can’t code. And to be Latina in tech, Vélez says you have to work four times as hard. “I like to think about it as, I walked in the back door, so that I could open the front door for everybody else.” The End of the Pipeline Where mentorship particularly comes into play is at the end of the pipeline, where underrepresented groups struggle to get hired and stay hired. Silicon Valley is a boys’ club whose networks tend to stay white, male and affluent. One company trying to break the cycle is Atipica. It has built a computer program to sift through resumes — skipping human managers to avoid hiring biases, like subconscious discrimination based on a last name or school attended. Atipica’s isn’t the only resume-reading artificial intelligence. But often, algorithms reflect the biases of humans who write them. Atipica CEO Laura Gomez says her company specifically focused on designing an unbiased AI. (Neither Gomez, nor her clients, which include Slack, agreed to discuss how well Atipica’s program works.) Chicago-based Opternative offers another example of tackling diversity head-on. It’s a startup that lets people do their own eye exams. In many ways, Opternative operates like many other startups, relying on referrals from its existing employees. Yet it’s grown into a pretty diverse group because from the get-go, its team wasn’t just white guys and it views diversity of life experiences as an asset. The Blind Spot But here’s the tricky part: While both companies get high marks for being racially diverse, gender remains a blind spot. Atipica, a Latina-run company, has one other female employee. Opternative’s technical team has women on the design side and in junior positions, but all four of its senior engineers — the leaders and decision-makers — are male. Gomez and Opternative CTO Ayo Jimoh say the women they’ve seen apply for their job openings were under-qualified. It’s effectively the pipeline argument. Jimoh’s diagnosis is that people self-select — they don’t want to pursue careers that are stacked against them, they need role models, success stories of others like them. So then, who is responsible for creating those role models? Couldn’t Jimoh or Gomez, for example, spend extra time to find a female senior engineer or promote from within? “There is a part of me that says, let me me show,” says Gomez, “but I have to put my business first and foremost.” Jimoh, too, says he has to balance that responsibility for equity with his other responsibilities “to my company, to my team, to myself, to my family.” In a way, the push for diversity in tech is still so new, it’s often treated as a cause or a mission — and fighting for a cause and running a business aren’t the same. At the end of the day, Atipica and Opternative weren’t founded to heal Silicon Valley’s diversity problem — but to fill what they see as a market need. And these are small companies — the gender balance of staff is even harder to shift at massive ships like Facebook or Google. A few companies, such as Intel and Twitter, have recently started releasing hiring goals, putting diversity in quantifiable terms. The targets aren’t lofty, but they’re specific, public — presumably someone’s measurable responsibility. The Future of the Economy And now, there’s a new challenge. As Donald Trump takes over as president of the United States, diversity advocates are worried about a push against the very concept of promoting multiculturalism. “I think we need to double-down on diversity and inclusion, quite frankly,” says Daisy Dominguez-Auger, global head of diversity at Google. “Companies are going to have to take a stronger look at what their practices are … in a much more collaborative way.” Fundamentally, the Trump administration’s economic policy is expected to focus heavily on manufacturing jobs. One of the first conversations Trump had with a tech leader after the election was a call with Apple CEO Tim Cook, in which Trump pushed for Apple to build plants in the United States. From what we know, Trump has yet to address the shortage of skilled tech workers. And many economists predict that’s a major challenge for the future of America: The economy of the future is one where almost everyone has to interact with computers and code. Diversity advocate Medina says sidelining large swaths of the population from the tech industry is no way to make sure America isn’t left behind. “We’re going to have a jobs deficit that is so huge, that if we don’t fill it, we’re going to have severe economic consequences,” she says. “Women and everybody who’s currently underrepresented in the tech industry has to gain those skill sets, because otherwise, it will not go well for any of us.” Latino USA’s Jeanne Montalvo, Noam Hassenfeld and Julia Shu contributed to this report. Copyright 2016 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/. Explore: News, Technology, diversity, Silicon Valley, women in tech Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Sponsored by Become a KQED sponsor Post navigation Prev Leaving 'Homeless U' Behind, Brittany Jones Gets an Apartment Next GALLERY: 12 'Drawn to the Bay' Cartoons That Sum Up 2016 About The California Report The California Report provides daily coverage of news and culture throughout the state. Contributors Contact Tune In About KQED About Jobs Internships Donate to KQED Website help Support for The California Report is Provided By Eric and Wendy Schmidt The California Endowment California HealthCare Foundation Rowbotham The Westly Foundation The James Irvine Foundation Barracuda Networks Blach Construction Digital Foundry Wharton San Francisco Copyright © 2017 KQED Inc. All Rights Reserved. | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy| Contact Us Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Trending in Apple Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Trending in Reviews Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] Trending in Apple iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship Trending in Apple Comment: Apple continues to explore bringing the Digital Crown to iPhones & iPads, and I still like the idea December 21, 2016 AAPL: 117.06 0.11 Notorious Internet entrepreneur Kim Dotcom claims Apple buying Hollywood studio in 2017 Chance Miller - 2 weeks ago @ChanceHMiller AAPL View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple is slowly but surely entering the movie and TV industry. The company is currently in production of its own Planet of the Apps TV show and had a small but notable presence at the Sundance Film Festival earlier this year. Now, notable internet entrepreneur and Mega founder Kim Dotcom is predicting that Apple will purchase a Hollywood Studio in 2017. It’s not entirely clear where Dotcom is getting his information from at this point. He made the claim in a tweet and ended it with the hashtag “#InsiderIntel,” but didn’t include any further details. Known for his hacking and espionage skills, it’s possible that Dotcom’s information is coming from inside a major studio, perhaps in a style similar to the massive Sony leak from last year. That’s purely speculation, though. Apple’s interest in the film industry has been a hot button issue in recent months. Earlier this year, it was reported that Apple had a “strong but secretive” presence at the Sundance Film Festival. The company apparently spent its time at the festival meeting with “triple A-list” talent to discuss building a lineup of original TV shows. A more recent report claimed that Apple has a “quixotic and reserved” attitude about its original content plans as it has been hesitant to go all-in. On the other hand, Apple has been working more closely with Hollywood studios to bring movies to iTunes, even while they’re still in theaters. It’s these negotiations, paired with talks with content creators like at Sundance, that lend the most credibility to Dotcom’s claim that Apple will buy a major studio in 2017. At this point, take all of this with a grain of salt. It’s unclear where Dotcom received his ‘Insider Intel’ from and he’s infamous for being at the more extreme end of the spectrum. Nevertheless, it’s fun to speculate about Apple’s interest in the movie industry, and should it actually buy a Hollywood studio, that’d be a huge move. Watch @Apple buy a Hollywood Studio in 2017. #InsiderIntel — Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) December 21, 2016 Guides AAPL View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
