Home News Companies Mobile Gadgets Opinion Cyber Security Multimedia Fin24 TechNews How Apple alienated Mac loyalists 2016-12-21 09:02 - Mark Gurman Post a comment 0 share: Fibre broadband internet access may soon be a reality for South Africans. (Duncan Alfreds, Fin24) RELATED ARTICLES Apple's Mac no longer bucking PC industry's sales slide WhatsApp launches Windows, Mac desktop app WATCH: Apple showcases its latest upgrades San Francisco - To die-hard fans, Apple's Macintosh sometimes seems like an afterthought these days. In October, after more than 500 days without an update, Apple unveiled the new MacBook Pro, with a slimmer design and louder speakers. The laptop garnered mostly favorable reviews from the technology press but grumbles from creative types, a key constituency, who said the device under-performed rival products. Interviews with people familiar with Apple's inner workings reveal that the Mac is getting far less attention than it once did. READ: What to expect as Apple gets ready for Mac update They say the Mac team has lost clout with the famed industrial design group led by Jony Ive and the company's software team. They also describe a lack of clear direction from senior management, departures of key people working on Mac hardware and technical challenges that have delayed the roll-out of new computers. While the Mac generates about 10% of Apple sales, the company can't afford to alienate professional designers and other business customers. After all, they helped fuel Apple's revival in the late 1990s. In a stinging critique, Peter Kirn, founder of a website for music and video creators, wrote: "This is a company with no real vision for what its most creative users actually do with their most advanced machines." If more Mac users switch, the Apple ecosystem will become less sticky — opening the door to people abandoning higher-value products like the iPhone and iPad.   People now have more options. Microsoft, once derided by Mac loyalists for its clunky, buggy software, offers Windows 10, which provides the tablet type functionality Apple pioneered with the iPad. Microsoft's Surface computers offer Apple-esque quality and a well-reviewed creative paint program aimed at the Mac's audience. Sensing an opportunity, Microsoft called the MacBook Pro a "disappointment" and said more users than ever were switching to its Surface laptops.   An Apple spokesman declined to comment. However, the company has said the Macintosh remains one of its most important products and denies it takes a back seat to other gadgets.  Four years ago at Apple's annual developer conference, marketing chief Phil Schiller pledged to keep the computer front and center in the company's product arsenal. "Nobody turns over their entire line as quickly and completely as we do at Apple," Schiller said. "We’re really proud of the engineering team and the work they do to do this quick so you can get the exact product you need." READ: Apple adds keyboard touch functions to Mac in major refresh Two years later, the company held a 30th birthday party for the Macintosh, a splashy event that featured a OneRepublic concert at Apple's Cupertino, California headquarters. The company also created a website celebrating the Mac's history. To be fair, Apple depends on Intel Corp., which still makes key chips for Macs. Like the rest of the PC industry, Apple's innovation and product cycles are sometimes constrained by when Intel produces new chips — a process that's getting more difficult. Making a laptop stand out is also harder these days. But when Apple has tried to leapfrog the competition, it has fallen short. Take the company's attempt to create a longer-lasting battery for the MacBook Pro. Apple engineers wanted to use higher capacity battery packs shaped to the insides of the laptop versus the standard square cells found in most machines. The design would have boosted battery life.  In the run-up to the MacBook Pro's planned debut this year, the new battery failed a key test, according to a person familiar with the situation. Rather than delay the launch and risk missing the crucial holiday shopping season, Apple decided to revert to an older design. The change required roping in engineers from other teams to finish the job, meaning work on other Macs languished, the person said. The new laptop didn't represent a game-changing leap in battery performance, and a software bug misrepresented hours of power remaining. Apple has since removed the meter from the top right-hand corner of the screen.  In the Mac's heyday, people working on new models could expect a lot of attention from Ive's team. Once a week his people would meet with Mac engineers to discuss ongoing projects. Mac engineers brought prototypes to Ive's studio for review, while his lieutenants would visit the Mac labs to look at early concepts. Those visits have become less frequent since the company began focusing more on more-valuable products like the iPhone and iPad, and the change became even more obvious after the design team's leadership was shuffled last year, according to a person familiar with the situation. In another sign that the company has prioritized the iPhone, Apple re-organized its software engineering department so there's no longer a dedicated Mac operating system team. There is now just one team, and most of the engineers are iOS first, giving the people working on the iPhone and iPad more power.  That's part of a broader shift toward making Macs more like iPhones. Apple prioritizes features, like thinness and minimal ports, that sell its iPhones and iPads, which generated about 75 percent of revenue this year. Those are contrary to professional needs, like maximum computing power. Early prototypes of the 12-inch MacBook used the iPhone's Lightning connector, although this was ditched for a more standard USB-C port. There was even a gold MacBook Pro planned, but this was shelved because the color didn’t look good on such a large product.  In recent years, Apple managers have also become more likely to float two or more competing ideas, meaning designers and engineers must work on more than one concept at a time. In the past, managers pushed a more singular vision. Engineers are now "asked to develop multiple options in hopes that one of them will be shippable," a person familiar with the matter said.  When the company was developing the first 12-inch MacBook, Apple tested two primary prototypes. One, known internally as Stealth Fighter, was lighter. The second, a slightly less ambitious design known as Stealth Bomber, was heavier. The lighter model prevailed, but with engineers developing and testing two competing concepts, they had less time to figure out how to cram all the electronics into a thin slab of aluminum that would hold together. In the end, Apple shipped the laptop in 2015, months after its 2014 goal. READ: Apple to end Mac update drought with October event For a 2016 MacBook update, some Apple engineers wanted to add a Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a second USB-C port (which would have made some power users happy). The update instead included a new rose gold color option alongside a standard speed increase. The internal turmoil has taken a toll. More than a dozen engineers and managers working on Mac hardware have left for different Apple teams or other companies in the past year and a half, said people familiar with the situation. Some were looking for a less all-consuming work environment, while others felt the future of Mac hardware was unclear in a world of iPhones and iPads.  In 2013, Apple launched a redesigned Mac Pro, a black cylinder with bright white LED lights. It was a powerful desktop machine created partly to cast a halo over the entire Macintosh lineup. The Mac Pro was also the first Apple computer in years to be assembled in the US Under pressure from politicians to create manufacturing jobs at home, Apple was looking to score political points. The decision caused production headaches though.  The Mac Pro's glossy exterior and chrome beveled edges meant Apple had to make its own manufacturing tools and then train people to run those machines in an assembly plant. This slowed production and constrained Apple's ability to make enough computers to meet demand. Three years on, the Mac Pro is ripe for an upgrade with its chips and connector ports lagging rival products. Because of the earlier challenges, some Apple engineers have raised the possibility of moving production back to Asia, where it's cheaper and manufacturers have the required skills for ambitious products, according to a person familiar with those internal discussions. The political environment is tougher for such a move now. During his campaign, President-elect Donald Trump hammered Apple for building most of its products overseas and since his election he has pushed other companies to keep some jobs in the US.  Still, Apple hasn't given up on Macs. In a recent company Q&A session, employees asked whether Mac desktop computers remain strategically important. "We have great desktops in our roadmap. Nobody should worry about that," Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said, according to a transcript of the discussion obtained by Bloomberg News.  The latest MacBook Pro has a "Touch Bar," a thin touchscreen built into the keyboard that lets users quickly access app shortcuts, change system settings, and pick emojis. The laptop also has Touch ID to speed up online purchases and a giant trackpad for easier gesture control. Apple designers are already exploring standalone keyboards with the touch strip and a fingerprint reader for desktops. Apple will decide whether to release these based on how well the features do on the MacBook Pro. Mac fans shouldn't hold their breath for radical new designs in 2017 though. Instead, the company is preparing modest updates: USB-C ports and a new Advanced Micro Devices Inc. graphics processor for the iMac, and minor bumps in processing power for the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro. Cue the outrage. Read Fin24's top stories trending on Twitter: Fin24’s top stories Read more about: apple  |  computer  |  mac share: More In This Category Study: Fringe, mainstream news sites differ in ad technology YouTube's Wojcicki needs to make her business a TV star Tesla makes critical stop on way to Las Vegas and CES Huawei vows to shake up business for tougher 2017 Most Popular Read Tech show looks beyond 'smart,' to new 'realities' Tesla makes critical stop on way to Las Vegas and CES Study: Fringe, mainstream news sites differ in ad technology Samsung warns of slowing growth in key markets amid uncertainty Facebook's Zuckerberg urges post-Trump world not to 'disconnect' Contact us   |   About Us   |   Terms & Conditions NEWS24  |   OLX  |   PROPERTY24  |   CAREERS24  |   SPREE  |    
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Newegg Mobile Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event The Best of 2016 What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 41 1962 127 728 990 27 180 318 107 74 739 425 Editor Tested Avegant Glyph, A Personal Theater CarVi, A Smarter Driving Assistant Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Trending Events Ushering in a New You Radio Controlled Tech Deals For Sellers Sell on Marketplace iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Computer Systems >  Laptops / Notebooks >  Laptops / Notebooks >  Apple >  Item#: N82E16834100808 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery Apple Grade A Laptop MacBook Air MJVM2LL/A-A Intel Core i5 5250U (1.60 GHz) 4 GB Memory 128 GB SSD Intel HD Graphics 6000 11.6" Mac OS X v10.10 Yosemite REFURBISHED This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Intel Core i5 5250U (1.60 GHz) 4 GB Memory 128 GB SSD Intel HD Graphics 6000 1366 x 768 Mac OS X v10.10 Yosemite LOADING... Apple Grade A Laptop MacBook Air MJVM2LL/A-A Intel Core i5 5250U (1.60 GHz) 4 GB Memory 128 GB SSD Intel HD Graphics 6000 11.6" Mac OS X v10.10 Yosemite Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Make the most of your day, from startup to sundown, with impressive 5th generation Intel Core performance in a stylish yet durable aluminum unibody casing. The Apple MacBook Air also comes with an array of other smart and efficient features, making it a great companion for your digital life on the go. Fifth-Generation Intel Core Processor – Performance, Meet Endurance MacBook Air is powered by fifth-generation Intel Core i5 processor. This ultra-efficient architecture was designed to use less power and still deliver high performance. Which means not only can you do whatever you want — you can keep doing it for longer than before. In addition, the Intel HD Graphics 6000 processor offers advanced performance you’ll especially notice with games and other graphics-intensive tasks. 802.11ac Wi-Fi - The De?nition of Fast MacBook Air supports ultrafast 802.11ac Wi-Fi. When connected to an 802.11ac base station — including AirPort Extreme and AirPort Time Capsule — wireless performance is up to 3x faster than 802.11n Wi-Fi. And your Wi-Fi range improves as well. With Bluetooth technology, you can connect MacBook Air to Bluetooth-enabled devices like speakers and headphones. Even without all the wires, you’re totally connected. Fast All-Flash Storage – Ready. Set. Done Part of what makes MacBook Air so responsive is that it’s designed entirely around flash storage. Not only does this make MacBook Air much lighter and more portable than traditional notebooks, it also provides faster access to data. This PCIe-based flash storage is up to 17x faster than a traditional 5400-rpm notebook hard drive. So when you flip open MacBook Air, it’s ready to go right away. Even after a month in standby mode, the screen springs to life. Thunderbolt 2 and USB 3 - Make Some Powerful Connections With a Thunderbolt 2 port that’s twice as fast as the previous generation, you can connect your MacBook Air to the latest devices and displays, like the Apple Thunderbolt Display. But that’s not the whole story. MacBook Air also comes equipped with two USB 3 ports, so you can connect the latest USB 3 devices and all your USB 2 devices as well. With just a few connections, MacBook Air transforms from an ultraportable notebook to a complete workstation. Display, Camera, and Mics - Impressive. In Every Sense Led-Backlit Display. Millions of Pixels. Millimeters Thin - Corner to corner and pixel by pixel, the MacBook Air display is both an engineering feat and a design breakthrough. The display measures a mere 4.86 millimeters (0.19 inch) thin, yet its resolution makes you feel like you’re looking at a larger screen. The 11-inch MacBook Air features a resolution of 1366 by 768 pixels, while the 13-inch model wows with a resolution of 1440 by 900 pixels. And LED backlighting makes colors bright and vibrant from edge to edge. So whether you’re editing photos, perfecting a presentation, or watching a movie, you’re going to love what you see. 720p FaceTime Hd Camera. Stay Sharp - Let your friends and family see more of you with the 720p FaceTime HD camera. Every smile looks bright, even halfway around the world. And the widescreen format means everyone can fit into the picture without having to crowd around the display. Dual Mics. They’ll Hear You Loud and Clear - The dual microphones in MacBook Air are great for when you want to be heard. If you’re making a FaceTime call, for example, the mics reduce background noise from behind the notebook. And when you use Dictation, they create an adaptive audio beam that intelligently adjusts to detect your voice — instead of the noise around you. Multi-Touch Trackpad - It Goes Hand in Hand with macOS The Multi-Touch gestures in macOS make everything you do on MacBook Air more intuitive, direct, and fun. And the spacious Multi-Touch trackpad is perfectly designed for them, whether it’s a three-finger swipe to activate Mission Control or a four-finger pinch to see all your apps in Launchpad. Gesture responses are smooth and realistic. So when you’re scrolling up and down a web page or swiping from one full-screen app to another, it’s almost like you’re touching what you’re seeing. Click Press down anywhere to click. Or, with Tap to Click enabled, tap the trackpad. Double-Click Press down two times anywhere. Or, with Tap to Click enabled, double-tap the trackpad. Tap to Zoom Double-tap the trackpad with two fingers to magnify a web page or PDF. Two-Finger Scroll Slide two fingers up or down the trackpad to scroll through documents, websites, and more. Swipe to Navigate Flip through web pages, documents, and more like thumbing pages in a book. View Mission Control Swipe up on the trackpad to get a bird’s-eye view of everything running on your Mac. Backlit Keyboard - What You See Is What You Type As incredibly compact as MacBook Air is, it still manages to fit a full-size keyboard that makes typing as natural as it is comfortable. And the keyboard is backlit, so you can type with ease in even the dimmest light. A built-in ambient light sensor detects changes in lighting conditions and adjusts the display and keyboard brightness automatically. From a seat in a sunny café to a seat on a cross-country red-eye, you’ll always have the perfect lighting for any environment. Learn more about the Apple MJVM2LL/A-A Model| Brand Apple Series MacBook Air Model MJVM2LL/A-A Quick Info| Operating System Mac OS X v10.10 Yosemite CPU Intel Core i5-5250U 1.6 GHz Screen 11.6" Memory 4 GB Storage 128 GB SSD Graphics Card Intel HD Graphics 6000 Video Memory Shared memory Dimensions (W x D x H) 11.80" x 7.56" x 0.11"-0.68" Weight 2.38 lbs. General| Other Features Grade A CPU| CPU Type Intel Core i5 CPU Speed 5250U (1.60 GHz) Core Name Broadwell Number of Cores Dual-core Processor CPU L3 Cache 3 MB Display| Screen Size 11.6" Wide Screen Support Yes Resolution 1366 x 768 LCD Features Glossy Operating System| Operating System Mac OS X v10.10 Yosemite Graphics| GPU/VPU Intel HD Graphics 6000 Video Memory Shared system memory Graphic Type Integrated Card Storage| SSD 128 GB Memory| Memory 4 GB Memory Spec 4 GB onboard Communications| WLAN 802.11ac Wireless LAN Bluetooth Yes Input Device| Webcam Yes General| Style Thin and Light Type Mainstream Usage Consumer Dimensions & Weight| Dimensions (W x D x H) 11.80" x 7.56" x 0.11"-0.68" Weight 2.38 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 90 days Limited Warranty period (labor): 90 days Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.apple.com/| Support Phone: 1-800-275-2273 Support Website| View other products from Apple Return Policies Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions.Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Selected Items Reset compare Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book Wish Lists Email Notifications Subscriptions Orders Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Sell on Newegg Marketplace Shipped by Newegg Become an Affiliate Become a Newegg Vendor Site Map Shop by Brand Product Review Video Center Rebates Trade-In Your Items Mobile Apps Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2017 Newegg Inc.  All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: 'Open Source' Robo-Car in '17? NEWS & ANALYSIS: Nokia Hits Apple With Patent Suits NEWS & ANALYSIS: Thinnest Nanowire Self-assembles NEWS & ANALYSIS: SK Hynix to Build Wafer Fab in South Korea NEWS & ANALYSIS: Korea Fines Q'comm Nearly $1B NEWS & ANALYSIS: IoT Ready to Light Up in 2017 Blog 2017 Predictions, Networking Edition Kevin Deierling 12/21/2016 08:00 AM EST  9 comments   post a comment NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet It's always interesting (and dangerous) to lay out some predictions for the future of technology, so here are a few visions from my crystal ball for networking. The 10Gbit/second Ethernet market will peak in 2017 and start to decline in 2018, pushed aside by 25, 50, and 100GbE. Just a few short years after becoming the largest Ethernet speed segment, 10GbE sales will peak in 2017 and start a steady decline. Hyperscale giants have already moved to 40, 50, and even 100Gbits/s. More importantly, 25Gbit/s Ethernet is available now from all of the major server vendors – and 25 is the new 10. With 2.5x the throughput and only a modest price premium over 10Gbit/s, it will be a no-brainer for IT decision makers to choose 25GbE networks. There are multiple drivers for 25GbE: faster storage, big data, artificial intelligence, and real-time analytics. Faster storage needs faster networks. In the never ending game of leap frog between compute, storage, and I/O it is clear that networking has become the bottleneck and this will accelerate the drive to 25GbE. Open Ethernet platforms will take off. Open Ethernet networking platforms will make a noticeable impact in 2017. The availability of full featured, high performance and cost effective open switching platforms combined with open network operating systems such as Cumulus Networks, Microsoft SoNIC, and OpenSwitch will finally see significant volume uptake in 2017. The flexibility, transparency, and efficiency of open platforms pose a real challenge to the incumbent black-box providers whose systems combine proprietary hardware with closed software. The ability of open platforms to decouple the hardware and software and offer customers the choice of multiple hardware platforms and multiple network operating systems will result in significant deployments that will make the big boys take notice. The first signs of the decline and fall of the 20+ year x86 hegemony will appear in 2017. Last but not least, in 2017 the first cracks will start to appear in Intel’s vaunted CPU dominance. The threat of the Vandals and Visigoths wasn’t recognized back in Rome when news that groups of marauders first crossed the provincial borders. So too some apparently insignificant entrants into the CPU space could turn out to be real challengers to Intel. Key to Intel’s market domination has been its ability to maintain process technology leadership. Understanding the value of Moore’s law and staying one generation ahead of everyone else can cover a myriad of architecture, power and system-level shortcomings. But now for the first time the driver of process technology is not server CPUs, but rather system-on-chip devices destined for mobile devices where other players lead. According to SemiWiki this means that for the first time ever a pure-play foundry, TSMC, will have the process lead over Intel. The availability of industry leading fab processes will allow other processor architectures (including AMD x86, ARM, Open Power and even the new RISC-V architecture) to compete with Intel on a level playing field. But rest assured that Intel won’t simply let other CPU architectures waltz in and steal market share without a fight. Intel is a formidable competitor with significant resources and technical expertise and has proven itself capable to take on all challengers many times in the past. So it will be interesting to watch if we are on the cusp of a dramatic shakeup in the chip world. We will start to see the beginnings of this in 2017. With significant technology transitions like this normally there are disruptions among both vendors and service providers who make the right technology choices at the right time and wind up with significant efficiency advantages over their competitors. As new compute, storage and networking technologies roll out in 2017 it will be interesting to see who the winners and the losers will be. --Kevin Deierling (@TechseerKD) has served as Mellanox's VP of marketing since March 2013. He has more than 25 patents in areas including wireless communications, error correction, security, video compression and DNA sequencing. Email This Print Comment Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank Rookie Software impact and process node lies emesdoublee   1/2/2017 4:42:04 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Software stability and availability have a major impact on processor and networking decisions. There are probably billions of lines of code written for x86 for the data center. This is all running nicely on the Intel CPUs. Software and CPU architecture are huge. It's not just a process node issue on what wins and gets used. It's a similar issue with software stacks for networking. The Broadcom software stack is extensive and completely debugged and working. Millions of lines of code running BGP under all complex scenarios. Networking is about the software too. All the L2 L3 switching and routing protocols. Even though everyone lies about the process nodes. I think the industry clearly recognizes that Intel still has the lead in process technology. The TSMC 16 FF is closer to a real 20 nm solution. Intel won't even hire you for a process R&D job unless you have a Ph.D. I think they have and will continue to have the clear lead in process technology. You really think they will let TSMC beat them in process R&D? I think they have a little pride over there. It's quite interesting to note that Mellanox themselves use Intel x86 CPUs to drive the Spectrum 32 port Ethernet boxes. Why don't you put your money where your mouth is and move away from Intel x86 CPUs to power your Ethernet switch products?   Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Rookie Re: My prediction emesdoublee   12/29/2016 3:45:24 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate I'm not sure the purpose of your post. You are in charge of marketing at mellanox so I assume there is some mellanox angle to it. What is your market share in Ethernet switching? Is it even 0.1 % of shipping 25g ports? I dare you to tell the truth about that here. The board of directorsof mellanox should hold Eyal accountable for this failed effort to get into Ethernet switching and compete with Broadcom. He has spent several years and millions of dollars to try this and made zero progress. You make some loud claims about how superior your solution is but it never translates to any sales. I think Cavium xpliant has better luck than you with a big win at Arista.. Eyal has done one of the dumbest and most arrogant things ever to sabotage his own success. He makes, markets, and sells the complete switch product. Who in their right mind would want to use a switch silicon from someone who also makes the full box to compete against you? In any case, it's getting harder, not easier to take on incumbents. The cost of 10 and then 7 nm products will reduce number of players that can even afford a tapeout. I think semi industry is consolidating rapidly to just a few viable players who can succeed and make money. Intel for data center CPUs and Broadcom for Ethernet switching silicon. Niether one are standing still. Tomahawk II has 64 ports of 100g switching muscle. That is huge. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Rookie Re: SW-defined Power storageseer   12/22/2016 11:28:28 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Sranje: Thanks for the pointer to Linley analysis - they always do thorough work. Indeed I'm not sure who will be the leader in the next generation process nodes and cited the SemiWiki's opinion here. What I am sure of is that Moore's Law is stretching out ... BK even confirmed this in an earnings call a few quarters back. So now you are seeing the tick-tock-tick model moving to a tick-tock-tock-tick model ... So as the periods between Moore generations stetches out it will narrow the gap. So no matter who is first to a new process node,  there will be a fast follower! And architecutres and ecosystems will become more important than ever.       Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: SW-defined Power sranje   12/22/2016 7:24:08 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Also - TSMC will have process lead over Intel?  Are you that sure ;-))  ?? The excellent Linley Group analysis says otherwise -- see their recent (Nov. 28) major analysis / editorial "Nanometer Madness" Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author SW-defined Power sranje   12/22/2016 7:04:01 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate What happened with software-defined power huge savings in data centers?  One of the reasons that ADI acquired Linear?   Many thanks Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: My prediction rick merritt   12/21/2016 11:13:32 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Good to air all points of view. As crazy as the M&A cvycle has been, I still have truble imaging someone buying Mellanox unless its a still-hungry Qualcomm/NXP/Freescale in 2018 Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: My prediction rick merritt   12/21/2016 11:13:04 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Good to air all points of view. As crazy as the M&A cvycle has been, I still have truble imaging someone buying Mellanox unless its a still-hungry Qualcomm/NXP/Freescale in 2018 Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Rookie Re: My prediction storageseer   12/21/2016 5:34:57 PM NO RATINGS 1 saves Login to Rate Well I didn't make any predictions about Mellanox or our market share at all - but rather some big things I see that can impact the industry. But your predictions are certainly at odds with how I believe things will play out. As I said predictions are dangerous things as they make you accountable. It will be interesting to look at how reality plays out in 2017. It is always easies/safest to predict that the dominant players will remain dominant. But I remember in the 2000 time frame thinking that the Microsoft operating system, browser, and office suite were so dominant in the enterprise that there was nothing that would derail them in my lifetime. But I certaintly didn't see the DotCom crash coming, the rise of Google, and then Apple, and Facebook, and the Amazon Cloud, the decline of the PC and rise of the mobile platform, and finally the re-incarnation of Microsoft's growth as a Cloud company. So I've become a bit more humble about my ability as a TechSeer than I was in my youth. There are things just beyond the horizon that I can't envision. The only thing I'm very confident of is that the status quo won't remain, and there will be dramatic changes in the future. If only I had your confidence and knew the future as precisely as you appear to! Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Rookie My prediction emesdoublee   12/21/2016 5:03:04 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Here are my 2017 predictions. Mellanox will continue to go completely unused as an Ethernet switch vendor. Broadcom Tomahawk II will continue with the complete dominance in Ethernet swtiching. I'm sure there is a 56G PAM4 switch coming soon. Nobody wants to compete against their switch chip vendor for the box sale too. I thought this Open Ethernet had died. The truth is that Broadcom provides full robust software stack for these "open" switches. Intel will increase the dominance in the data center, not reduce. Intel has over 95% market share in data center processor. That's not because of process technology alone. A huge part of that is simply x86 software stability and robustness. The data center can't crash hourly. Open Power, really? I'll believe it when I see it. Power9 is probably going to be the last Power processor ever by IBM. The CEO of IBM wants to get rid of all hardware. That team has to be max expensive. Nobody used Power8 and nobody will use Power9. It costs quite a bit to fund a processor team for a processor that nobody uses. ARM? I think we just saw how much traction that is getting. Paramesh Gopi is looking for a new job because of his big bet on ARM servers. And lastly, Mellanox will get bought. They are a little guy and little guys are getting gobbled up daily. That market cap of 2B puts the MLNX right in the cross hairs of a major Tier 1 Semi company. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 1/3/2017 2:15:49 AM GeniusEE You guys need to refuse coverage of any gonadless chip announcement that does not include 1K budgetary pricing. With $10,000 FPGA chips at Digikey, not sure if I should care about... 1/3/2017 2:15:49 AM GeniusEE You guys need to refuse coverage of any gonadless chip announcement that does not include 1K budgetary pricing. With $10,000 FPGA chips at Digikey, not sure if I should care about... 1/3/2017 1:58:25 AM GeniusEE "That's an easy one...just shy of 11 bits" 1/3/2017 12:28:30 AM Bert22306 It could be that people idolize, or want to emulate, or wish they could be, whatever they can understand. If you talk to the average "person on the street," it is surprising what... 1/2/2017 9:28:58 PM David Ashton @Crusty...happy new year....if you're looking at new scopes then do bear in mind the experiences of the late Glen Chenier (bless his cotton socks...wish he was still with us): http://www.edn.com/electronics-blogs/test-voices/4435528/The-scope-from-Hell- He... 1/2/2017 9:02:06 PM Kevin Neilson I'd say a supermodel is one who can earn a large income well past normal earning years based on recognition and not on inherent "value".  Gisele Bündchen earned around... 1/2/2017 7:13:24 PM realjjj Supermodel might be a Victoria Secret marketing term at this point in time but not quite sure as i'm not even mildly familiar with that circus. This summer ahead of the Olympics,... 1/2/2017 6:44:36 PM perl_geek Assuming we're dealing with quadcopters here, (Predators being a different proposition altogether), I would expect they're going to be astonishingly noisy in RF. 4 cheap electric... 1/2/2017 6:09:18 PM RadioGraybeard A drone can be anything from an under $500 RC hobby toy to a military UAV with the wingspan of a Boeing 757.  I think the problems of looking for them vary with the size... 1/2/2017 6:07:04 PM Crusty1 Hi David; I am on the look out for an new DSO, my OWON 25MHz DSO is still good, but with the clock speeds that I am using, evan as an amateur, it looks like 100MHz is the order... Navigate to Related Links Wi-Fi Expands with .11ax at CES Drone Detection: An Interesting RF Challenge Korea Fines Qcomm Nearly $1B Computing Got Colorful in 2016 DARPA Funds Small Businesses with Big Ideas Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest January 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "Rosy Resolutions" "Your caption here!" 1 Comment All Cartoons November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus It was a seamless transition from Senior Principal Engineer to Museum Curator. 94 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  47   What Are the Coolest Engineering Gifts?  46   Half-Ton Megaprocessor is Finally Finished  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  36   I Got an Uber-Cool Badge and a Mega-Cool ...  34   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  31   Could Engineers be Accused of Killing Jobs?  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  29   Deep Thoughts Regarding the Bodacious Brain  28   Replacing Tantalum Bypass Capacitors with ...  28   The Time Has Come to Build My Own ...  5   Korea Fines Qcomm Nearly $1B  4   What I Learned as a "Wrapper"  4   Drone Detection: An Interesting RF Challenge  3   Get a Signal's Details  3   TSMC Says 10nm on Track, Countering Reports  3   We're Following the Wrong Celebrities  2   IoT: A New Twist on an Old Idea  1   IoT Ready to Light Up in 2017  1   Thinnest Nanowire Self-assembles  1   'Open Source' Robo-Car in '17? Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Planet Analog Working With Us: About | Contact Us | Media Kits Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2017 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
null
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Laptops Laptops Features How Apple Alienated Mac Loyalists  Mark Gurman, Bloomberg, 21 December 2016 Share on FacebookTweetShareShareEmailReddit Highlights Apple unveiled its new MacBook Pro in October this year MacBook Pro 2016 sports a Touch Bar and only USB Type-C ports Apple is striving hard to lure its Mac loyalists To die-hard fans, Apple's Macintosh sometimes seems like an afterthought these days. Mac upgrades, once a frequent ritual, are few and far between. The Mac Pro, Apple's marquee computer, hasn't been refreshed since 2013. The affordable and flexible Mac mini was last upgraded in 2014. And when a new machine does roll out, the results are sometimes underwhelming, if not infuriating, to devotees. In October, after more than 500 days without an update, Apple unveiled the new MacBook Pro, with a slimmer design and louder speakers. The laptop garnered mostly favorable reviews from the technology press but grumbles from creative types, a key constituency, who said the device under-performed rival products. (Also see:  CEO Tim Cook Says 'Great Desktops' Are Coming From Apple)Interviews with people familiar with Apple's inner workings reveal that the Mac is getting far less attention than it once did. They say the Mac team has lost clout with the famed industrial design group led by Jony Ive and the company's software team. They also describe a lack of clear direction from senior management, departures of key people working on Mac hardware and technical challenges that have delayed the roll-out of new computers. While the Mac generates about 10 percent of Apple sales, the company can't afford to alienate professional designers and other business customers. After all, they helped fuel Apple's revival in the late 1990s. In a stinging critique, Peter Kirn, founder of a website for music and video creators, wrote: "This is a company with no real vision for what its most creative users actually do with their most advanced machines." If more Mac users switch, the Apple ecosystem will become less sticky-opening the door to people abandoning higher-value products like the iPhone and iPad. People now have more options. Microsoft, once derided by Mac loyalists for its clunky, buggy software, offers Windows 10, which provides the tablet type functionality Apple pioneered with the iPad. Microsoft's Surface computers offer Apple-esque quality and a well-reviewed creative paint program aimed at the Mac's audience. Sensing an opportunity, Microsoft called the MacBook Pro a "disappointment" and said more users than ever were switching to its Surface laptops. An Apple spokesman declined to comment. However, the company has said the Macintosh remains one of its most important products and denies it takes a back seat to other gadgets. Four years ago at Apple's annual developer conference, marketing chief Phil Schiller pledged to keep the computer front and centre in the company's product arsenal. "Nobody turns over their entire line as quickly and completely as we do at Apple," Schiller said. "We're really proud of the engineering team and the work they do to do this quick so you can get the exact product you need." Two years later, the company held a 30th birthday party for the Macintosh, a splashy event that featured a OneRepublic concert at Apple's Cupertino, California headquarters. The company also created a website celebrating the Mac's history. To be fair, Apple depends on Intel Corp., which still makes key chips for Macs. Like the rest of the PC industry, Apple's innovation and product cycles are sometimes constrained by when Intel produces new chips-a process that's getting more difficult. Making a laptop stand out is also harder these days. But when Apple has tried to leapfrog the competition, it has fallen short. Take the company's attempt to create a longer-lasting battery for the MacBook Pro. Apple engineers wanted to use higher capacity battery packs shaped to the insides of the laptop versus the standard square cells found in most machines. The design would have boosted battery life. (Also see:  Some MacBook Pro 2016 Users Are Reporting Battery Life Issues) In the run-up to the MacBook Pro's planned debut this year, the new battery failed a key test, according to a person familiar with the situation. Rather than delay the launch and risk missing the crucial holiday shopping season, Apple decided to revert to an older design. The change required roping in engineers from other teams to finish the job, meaning work on other Macs languished, the person said. The new laptop didn't represent a game-changing leap in battery performance, and a software bug misrepresented hours of power remaining. Apple has since removed the meter from the top right-hand corner of the screen. (Also see:  MacBook Pro 2016 With Touch Bar Gets Lowest Possible Repairability Score) In the Mac's heyday, people working on new models could expect a lot of attention from Ive's team. Once a week his people would meet with Mac engineers to discuss ongoing projects. Mac engineers brought prototypes to Ive's studio for review, while his lieutenants would visit the Mac labs to look at early concepts. Those visits have become less frequent since the company began focusing more on more-valuable products like the iPhone and iPad, and the change became even more obvious after the design team's leadership was shuffled last year, according to a person familiar with the situation. In another sign that the company has prioritized the iPhone, Apple re-organized its software engineering department so there's no longer a dedicated Mac operating system team. There is now just one team, and most of the engineers are iOS first, giving the people working on the iPhone and iPad more power. That's part of a broader shift toward making Macs more like iPhones. Apple prioritizes features, like thinness and minimal ports, that sell its iPhones and iPads, which generated about 75 percent of revenue this year. Those are contrary to professional needs, like maximum computing power. Early prototypes of the 12-inch MacBook used the iPhone's Lightning connector, although this was ditched for a more standard USB-C port. There was even a gold MacBook Pro planned, but this was shelved because the color didn't look good on such a large product. In recent years, Apple managers have also become more likely to float two or more competing ideas, meaning designers and engineers must work on more than one concept at a time. In the past, managers pushed a more singular vision. Engineers are now "asked to develop multiple options in hopes that one of them will be shippable," a person familiar with the matter said. When the company was developing the first 12-inch MacBook, Apple tested two primary prototypes. One, known internally as Stealth Fighter, was lighter. The second, a slightly less ambitious design known as Stealth Bomber, was heavier. The lighter model prevailed, but with engineers developing and testing two competing concepts, they had less time to figure out how to cram all the electronics into a thin slab of aluminum that would hold together. In the end, Apple shipped the laptop in 2015, months after its 2014 goal. For a 2016 MacBook update, some Apple engineers wanted to add a Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a second USB-C port (which would have made some power users happy). The update instead included a new rose gold color option alongside a standard speed increase. The internal turmoil has taken a toll. More than a dozen engineers and managers working on Mac hardware have left for different Apple teams or other companies in the past year and a half, said people familiar with the situation. Some were looking for a less all-consuming work environment, while others felt the future of Mac hardware was unclear in a world of iPhones and iPads. In 2013, Apple launched a redesigned Mac Pro, a black cylinder with bright white LED lights. It was a powerful desktop machine created partly to cast a halo over the entire Macintosh lineup. The Mac Pro was also the first Apple computer in years to be assembled in the US. Under pressure from politicians to create manufacturing jobs at home, Apple was looking to score political points. The decision caused production headaches though. The Mac Pro's glossy exterior and chrome beveled edges meant Apple had to make its own manufacturing tools and then train people to run those machines in an assembly plant. This slowed production and constrained Apple's ability to make enough computers to meet demand. Three years on, the Mac Pro is ripe for an upgrade with its chips and connector ports lagging rival products. Because of the earlier challenges, some Apple engineers have raised the possibility of moving production back to Asia, where it's cheaper and manufacturers have the required skills for ambitious products, according to a person familiar with those internal discussions. The political environment is tougher for such a move now. During his campaign, President-elect Donald Trump hammered Apple for building most of its products overseas and since his election he has pushed other companies to keep some jobs in the US. Still, Apple hasn't given up on Macs. In a recent company Q&A session, employees asked whether Mac desktop computers remain strategically important. "We have great desktops in our roadmap. Nobody should worry about that," Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said, according to a transcript of the discussion obtained by Bloomberg News. The latest MacBook Pro has a "Touch Bar," a thin touchscreen built into the keyboard that lets users quickly access app shortcuts, change system settings, and pick emojis. The laptop also has Touch ID to speed up online purchases and a giant trackpad for easier gesture control. Apple designers are already exploring standalone keyboards with the touch strip and a fingerprint reader for desktops. Apple will decide whether to release these based on how well the features do on the MacBook Pro. Mac fans shouldn't hold their breath for radical new designs in 2017 though. Instead, the company is preparing modest updates: USB-C ports and a new Advanced Micro Devices Inc. graphics processor for the iMac, and minor bumps in processing power for the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro. Cue the outrage. © 2016 Bloomberg L.P. Tags: MacBook Pro 2016, Mac Pro, iMac, Apple, PC, Laptops, Tim Cook, iOS, macOS Twitter CTO Adam Messinger to Leave in Latest Executive Exodus Paytm Users Experienced Service Outages on Tuesday How Apple Alienated Mac Loyalists     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Lyf Water 3 Swipe Konnect 4G Gionee M2017 Lyf F1S Karbonn Aura Note 4G Karbonn K9 Viraat 4G Karbonn Titanium Vista 4G Karbonn K9 Smart 4G Lyf Wind 7S LG Stylus 3 LG K3 (2017) LG K4 (2017) LG K8 (2017) LG K10 (2017) Zuk Edge Zen Cinemax Click Blu Life Max Popular OnePlus 3T iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Latest Videos 02:27 Best Games to Play When Alone at New Year's Eve 02:40 360 Daily: BHIM App Launched, Reliance Jio Justifies Happy New Year Offer, and More 02:33 360 Daily: Samsung Galaxy A (2017), Galaxy S8 Rumours, Xiaomi Mi 6 and More 02:42 Lenovo Yoga Book 2-in-1 Laptop Review 02:29 360 Daily: Coolpad Cool 1 Launched, Nokia Launching 5 Smartphones in 2017, and More More Videos» OPINIONSALL AUTHORS Rishi Alwani Why 2017 Might Just Be the Worst Year Ever for Gaming Akhil Arora 2016 Was a Terrible Year for Big Movies Rohan Naravane Hardware Issues Make Pixel Phones Feel Like Expensive Beta Products Advertisement Recent Lenovo P2 With 5100mAh Battery Set to Launch in India Soon Dell Launches XPS 13 2-in-1 With InfinityEdge Display Ahead of CES 2017 Reliance Jio's Happy New Year Offer Sets Daily High-Speed Data Cap at 1GB Beware! Viral WhatsApp Message Offering Free Recharge Is Fake Apple Partner Wistron Said to Seek Permission to Expand Bengaluru Plant Samsung Set to Bring Chromecast-Like Streaming Feature to Its Smart TVs Gionee Says Firm on Manufacturing Plans Post Demonetisation OnePlus 2 Users Start Receiving OxygenOS 3.5.6 Update With Network Fix WhatsApp No Longer Works on These iPhone and Android Smartphones Samsung Galaxy A (2017) Series Launched With Dust and Water Resistance More News TRENDING Reliance Jio's Happy New Year Offer Sets Daily High-Speed Data Cap at 1GB Lenovo P2 With 5100mAh Battery Set to Launch in India Soon OnePlus 3, OnePlus 3T Finally Get Android 7.0 Nougat Update BHIM Most Popular Android App Now in India: 10 Developments WhatsApp No Longer Works on These iPhone and Android Smartphones BSNL Unveils Plan With Unlimited Voice Calls to Any Network at Rs. 144 Samsung Galaxy A (2017) Series Launched With Dust and Water Resistance Sherlock Season 4 Premiere Fails to Look Beyond Its Lead Detective Leaked Renders, Video Suggest Moto X (2017) Won't Support Moto Mods WhatsApp EOL on Old Phones,Reliance Jio vs BSNL, and More: Your 360 Daily Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search How Apple Alienated Mac Loyalists 11 minutes ago Array 0 Samsung Smart TVs Force Ads Onto Menu Screen By George Slefo - 11 minutes ago Array 0 Mercury Marine Targets Young Boaters in First Campaign Since 2011 By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 minutes ago Array 0 How China's Clampdown on Korean Pop Culture Has Affected Advertising By Angela Doland - 11 minutes ago Array 0 Make-Goods Eat Into November NFL Ad Sales Revenue, but Pricing Continues to Soar By Anthony Crupi - 13 hours ago Array 0 Goodby Takes Chrysler Creative Account By E.J. Schultz and Lindsay Stein - 14 hours ago 0 Make-Goods Eat Into November NFL Ad Sales Revenue, but Pricing Continues to Soar By Anthony Crupi - 13 hours ago 0 Shell's Clean Energy Campaign Tops Viral Video Charts for 2016 By Suman Bhattacharyya - 20 hours ago 0 Digital Ad Firm Turn Settles With FTC in Super Cookie Case By Kate Kaye - 16 hours ago 0 Now Marketers Can Ask Alexa How Their Ad Campaigns Did By Kate Kaye - 15 hours ago 0 Casey Affleck and 'SNL' Have Created the Realest, Funniest Dunkin' Donuts Ad Ever By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 With Autoplay On, Turkey Assassination Video Shocks Twitter By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 WPP Confirms Three Subsidiaries Subpoenaed in DOJ Probe By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Next-Level 'MethBot' Ad-Fraud Scam Cost Advertisers At Least $3 Million Per Day, WhiteOps Says By George Slefo - 20 hours ago 0 Ad Age's Magazines of the Year 2016: See All the Winners By Ad Age Staff - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US IMPORTANT CHANGES TO YOUR DIGITAL ACCESS As we work to bring even more value to our audience, we’ve made important changes for those who receive Ad Age with our compliments. As of November 15, 2016 we will no longer be offering full digital access to AdAge.com. However, we will continue to send you our industry-leading print issues focused on providing you with what you need to know to succeed. If you’d like to continue your unlimited access to AdAge.com, we invite you to become a paid subscriber. Get the news, insights and tools that help you stay on top of what’s next. Subscribe for $59/Yr - Save $50 How Apple Alienated Mac Loyalists Published on December 21, 2016. Most Popular To die-hard fans, Apple Inc.'s Macintosh sometimes seems like an afterthought these days. Mac upgrades, once a frequent ritual, are few and far between. The Mac Pro, Apple's marquee computer, hasn't been refreshed since 2013. The affordable and flexible Mac mini was last upgraded in 2014. And when a new machine does roll out, the results are sometimes underwhelming, if not infuriating, to devotees. The latest MacBook Pro. Credit: Apple In October, after more than 500 days without an update, Apple unveiled the new MacBook Pro with a slimmer design and louder speakers. The laptop garnered mostly favorable reviews from the technology press but grumbles from creative types, a key constituency, who said the device under-performed rival products. Interviews with people familiar with Apple's inner workings reveal that the Mac is getting far less attention than it once did. They say the Mac team has lost clout with the famed industrial design group led by Jony Ive and the company's software team. They also describe a lack of clear direction from senior management, departures of key people working on Mac hardware and technical challenges that have delayed the roll-out of new computers. While the Mac generates about 10% of Apple sales, the company can't afford to alienate professional designers and other business customers. After all, they helped fuel Apple's revival in the late 1990s. In a stinging critique, Peter Kirn, founder of a website for music and video creators, wrote: "This is a company with no real vision for what its most creative users actually do with their most advanced machines." If more Mac users switch, the Apple ecosystem will become less sticky -- opening the door to people abandoning higher-value products like the iPhone and iPad. People now have more options. Microsoft Corp., once derided by Mac loyalists for its clunky, buggy software, offers Windows 10, which provides the tablet-type functionality Apple pioneered with the iPad. Microsoft's Surface computers offer Apple-esque quality and a well-reviewed creative paint program aimed at the Mac's audience. Sensing an opportunity, Microsoft called the MacBook Pro a "disappointment" and said more users than ever were switching to its Surface laptops. An Apple spokesman declined to comment. However, the company has said the Macintosh remains one of its most important products and denies it takes a back seat to other gadgets. Four years ago at Apple's annual developer conference, marketing chief Phil Schiller pledged to keep the computer front and center in the company's product arsenal. "Nobody turns over their entire line as quickly and completely as we do at Apple," Mr. Schiller said. "We're really proud of the engineering team and the work they do to do this quick so you can get the exact product you need." Two years later, the company held a 30th birthday party for the Macintosh, a splashy event that featured a OneRepublic concert at Apple's Cupertino headquarters. The company also created a website celebrating the Mac's history. To be fair, Apple depends on Intel Corp., which still makes key chips for Macs. Like the rest of the PC industry, Apple's innovation and product cycles are sometimes constrained by when Intel produces new chips. Making a laptop stand out is also harder these days. But when Apple has tried to leapfrog the competition, it has fallen short. Take the company's attempt to create a longer-lasting battery for the MacBook Pro. Apple engineers wanted to use higher capacity battery packs shaped to the insides of the laptop versus the standard square cells found in most machines. The design would have boosted battery life. In the run-up to the MacBook Pro's planned debut this year, the new battery failed a key test, according to a person familiar with the situation. Rather than delay the launch and risk missing the crucial holiday shopping season, Apple decided to revert to an older design. The change required roping in engineers from other teams to finish the job, meaning work on other Macs languished, the person said. The new laptop didn't represent a game-changing leap in battery performance, and a software bug misrepresented hours of power remaining. Apple has since removed the meter from the top right-hand corner of the screen. In the Mac's heyday, people working on new models could expect a lot of attention from Mr. Ive's team. Once a week his people would meet with Mac engineers to discuss ongoing projects. Mac engineers brought prototypes to Mr. Ive's studio for review, while his lieutenants would visit the Mac labs to look at early concepts. Those visits have become less frequent since the company began focusing more on more-valuable products like the iPhone and iPad, and the change became even more obvious after the design team's leadership was shuffled last year, according to a person familiar with the situation. In another sign that the company has prioritized the iPhone, Apple re-organized its software engineering department so there's no longer a dedicated Mac operating system team. There is now just one team, and most of the engineers are iOS-first, giving the people working on the iPhone and iPad more power. That's part of a broader shift toward making Macs more like iPhones. Apple prioritizes features, like thinness and minimal ports, that sell its iPhones and iPads, which generated about 75% of revenue this year. Those are contrary to professional needs, like maximum computing power. Early prototypes of the 12-inch MacBook used the iPhone's Lightning connector, although this was ditched for a more standard USB-C port. There was even a gold MacBook Pro planned, but this was shelved because the color didn't look good on such a large product. In recent years, Apple managers have also become more likely to float two or more competing ideas, meaning designers and engineers must work on more than one concept at a time. In the past, managers pushed a more singular vision. Engineers are now "asked to develop multiple options in hopes that one of them will be shippable," a person familiar with the matter said. When the company was developing the first 12-inch MacBook, Apple tested two primary prototypes. One, known internally as Stealth Fighter, was lighter. The second, a slightly less ambitious design known as Stealth Bomber, was heavier. The lighter model prevailed, but with engineers developing and testing two competing concepts, they had less time to figure out how to cram all the electronics into a thin slab of aluminum that would hold together. In the end, Apple shipped the laptop in 2015, months after its 2014 goal. For a 2016 MacBook update, some Apple engineers wanted to add a Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a second USB-C port (which would have made some power users happy). The update instead included a new rose-gold color option alongside a standard speed increase. The internal turmoil has taken a toll. More than a dozen engineers and managers working on Mac hardware have left for different Apple teams or other companies in the past year and a half, said people familiar with the situation. Some were looking for a less all-consuming work environment, while others felt the future of Mac hardware was unclear in a world of iPhones and iPads. In 2013, Apple launched a redesigned Mac Pro, a black cylinder with bright white LED lights. It was a powerful desktop machine created partly to cast a halo over the entire Macintosh lineup. The Mac Pro was also the first Apple computer in years to be assembled in the U.S. Under pressure from politicians to create manufacturing jobs at home, Apple was looking to score political points. The decision caused production headaches, though. The Mac Pro's glossy exterior and chrome beveled edges meant Apple had to make its own manufacturing tools and then train people to run those machines in an assembly plant. This slowed production and constrained Apple's ability to make enough computers to meet demand. Three years on, the Mac Pro is ripe for an upgrade with its chips and connector ports lagging rival products. Because of the earlier challenges, some Apple engineers have raised the possibility of moving production back to Asia, where it's cheaper and manufacturers have the required skills for ambitious products, according to a person familiar with those internal discussions. The political environment is tougher for such a move now. During his campaign, President-elect Donald Trump hammered Apple for building most of its products overseas and since his election he has pushed other companies to keep some jobs in the U.S. Still, Apple hasn't given up on Macs. In a recent company Q&A session, employees asked whether Mac desktop computers remain strategically important. "We have great desktops in our roadmap. Nobody should worry about that," Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said, according to a transcript of the discussion obtained by Bloomberg News. The latest MacBook Pro has a "Touch Bar," a thin touchscreen built into the keyboard that lets users quickly access app shortcuts, change system settings and pick emojis. The laptop also has Touch ID to speed up online purchases and a giant trackpad for easier gesture control. Apple designers are already exploring standalone keyboards with the touch strip and a fingerprint reader for desktops. Apple will decide whether to release these based on how well the features do on the MacBook Pro. Mac fans shouldn't hold their breath for radical new designs in 2017, though. Instead, the company is preparing modest updates: USB-C ports and a new Advanced Micro Devices Inc. graphics processor for the iMac, and minor bumps in processing power for the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro. Cue the outrage. -- Bloomberg News In this article: Consumer Electronics Design Digital Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
CLOSE Home News Downloads Download Past Issues Read on Issuu Read on Google Play Read on Magzter Download Podcasts Special Editions FCM Wiki Page Table of Contents Writers Style Guide Tuesday, January 3, 2017 Home News Downloads Download Past Issues Read on Issuu Read on Google Play Read on Magzter Download Podcasts Special Editions FCM Wiki Page Table of Contents Writers Style Guide Trending Now Gentoo-Based Calculate Linux 17 Launches with KDE Plasma 5.8.5 LTS and MATE 1.16 Tux4Ubuntu: Tuxify Your Ubuntu Linux This New Year OpenELEC 7.0 Linux OS Out Now with OpenVPN & Bluetooth Audio, Based on Kodi 16.1 OpenMandriva Lx 3.01 Released with KDE Plasma 5.8.4 LTS and Linux Kernel 4.9 Android Trojan Performs DNS Hijacking Attacks against Wireless Routers Home news This Raspberry Pi-like Intel computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux... news This Raspberry Pi-like Intel computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC By rascal23 - Dec 21, 2016 2430 0 If you want a PC with Ubuntu Linux, you can turn to Intel’s Joule single-board computer instead of buying an expensive machine. Support for Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS has been added to the Joule board, according to developer notes for Intel IoT Developer Kit 5.0 released late last week. Intel has two Joule boards: the 570x, which sells for $219 on Mouser, and the 550x, which is priced at $179 on the same retail site. The 550x, which started shipping recently, was priced at $349 until Monday, but was cut in half after a story by the IDG News Service pointed out the unusually high price. The Joule boards are like Raspberry Pi 3, with all major components crammed on a circuit board. But Joule is tricked out with recently released components, memory and storage, making it the fastest board computer in its class. The Joule boards have the latest Atom processors based on the Broxton architecture, GPUs capable of 4K video capture, 802.11ac Wi-Fi, LPDDR4 memory, USB 3.0 ports and internal storage up to 8GB. Raspberry Pi 3 has an ARM processor, no internal storage, USB 2.0, 1080p graphics processor and slower memory and Wi-Fi. Source: http://www.pcworld.com/article/3152374/linux/this-intel-board-computer-can-be-a-powerful-ubuntu-1604-linux-pc.html Submitted by: Arnfried Walbrecht Previous articleSandboxed Tor Browser 0.0.2 “Alpha” Is Here To Protect Your Anonymity Next articleSQL Server v.Next CTP 1.1 now available for Windows and Linux rascal23 RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Gentoo-Based Calculate Linux 17 Launches with KDE Plasma 5.8.5 LTS and MATE 1.16 Tux4Ubuntu: Tuxify Your Ubuntu Linux This New Year OpenELEC 7.0 Linux OS Out Now with OpenVPN & Bluetooth Audio, Based on Kodi 16.1 NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply
03/01/2017 Home News Sport Whats On Deaths About us Contact us You are in: > Leinsterexpress > Home Three Intel wins in a row for Timahoe NS Timahoe in final of Intel Mini Scientist competition for the third year 21 Dec 2016 0 By Lynda Kiernan lynda.kiernan@leinsterexpress.ie @laoisnews In an incredible scientific hat trick, the small Timahoe school Scoil Mhuire Fatima is in the final of the Intel Mini Scientist competition for the third year in a row. This year it is thanks to ten year old Aoife Fitzpatrick from 4th class, who has proven that colours can help with memorising. First winning the school's own Science Fair, judged by Intel rep Ann Tilson, Aoife and her school and family then attended the regional finals at Intel in Leixlip on December 8, where she was selected for the Intel Mini Scientist All Ireland Final, and won a crystal trophy and gold medal. The final is on February 3 at Dublin City University, and Aoife will be one of 21 finalists, representing Laois. Her project “Can canny colour make memory meliorate?” proves that changing the colour of text and background colour can significantly improve memorisation and retention of facts. Aoife has big shoes to fill, as the school has won the overall prize for two years. The achievement was honoured last May when they were all invited to the Aras to spend the afternoon with President Michael D Higgins. Principal Ann Bergin reveals their secret to success. “The ingredients are attention to content analysis, listening to our students, working scientifically and phenomenal dedication, found in abundance in our school community. “I am very proud but even more thrilled for Aoife and her family as all our Intel Mini-Scientists begin at kitchen tables or on sitting-room floors, a wonderful combination of family and school in achievement, real education,” she said. Aoife recalls the moment her name was announced. “It felt absolutely fantastic to win a place in the final. My legs went like jelly. I never thought I’d get as far as Róisín and Jamie did two years ago, and Sinéad and Laura last year. I felt like a celebrity in school after the regional final. Ms Bergin announced it on the microphone. I even got to do a lap of honour around the school. Some friends in fourth class made cards for me and we had a party to celebrate in class,” she said. The project was hard work but interesting she said. “The highlight was teaching my class about the brain and memory,” she said, thanking 3rd to 6th classes who proved her theory by learning their spellings best with a yellow print on a red background. “It would be amazing to bring home a third win for my school,” she said.   Leave your comment Share your opinions on Text Characters left: 1500 Digital newsstand Our latest editions exactly as they are printed Buy edition Browse edition Erone Fitzpatrick in action for Scoil Chríost Rí. SPORTS REVIEW OF 2016 MY SPORTING YEAR - Erone Fitzpatrick (Ladies Football) What will happen in 2017 - Old Moore's Almanac Predictions Deaths in Laois - January 2, 2017 It's important to know what to say when you're at a match. VERBALS LAOIS LINGO, GAA EDITION - Your guide to shouting and roaring at matches in Laois Three Laois supporters surrounded by Dubs at the game in Nowlan Park in June. Pic: Alf Harvey SPORTS REVIEW OF 2016 JUNE - Michael O'Reilly seals place in Rio as controversy follows footballers loss to Dublin Health Minister defers Portlaoise visit to next week All new Peugeot 3008 SUV now available to order Laois minor footballers after their loss to Kildare in the Leinster MFC final at Croke Park. Pic: Denis Byrne SPORTS REVIEW OF 2016 JULY - Leinster final heartache for Laois minor footballers Laois man sentenced for sexual assault Houdini the Portarlington escaping dog takes the train to Dublin Our Duke after winning the Neville Hotels Novice Chase at Leopardstown 'Our Duke' triumphs for Coolrain family syndicate at Leopardstown Races Colm Begley SPORTS REVIEW OF 2016 MY SPORTING YEAR - Colm Begley Tweets by @LaoisNews   Home News Sport Whats On Deaths About us Contact us Rss Privacy Policy Cookie policy If you wish, you can contact us using any of the methods below:  Leinster Express, Dublin Road, Portlaoise Email: editor@leinsterexpress.ie Telephone: 057 8621666 This website and its associated newspaper are full participating members of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Leinster Express provides news, events and sport features from the Portlaoise area. For the best up to date information relating to Portlaoise and the surrounding areas visit us at Leinster Express regularly or bookmark this page.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe How Apple Alienated Mac Loyalists Inside the company, the once iconic computer is getting far less attention than it once did. by Mark Gurman @markgurman More stories by Mark Gurman December 20, 2016, 6:30 AM EST Apple's Mac Fans Feeling Left Behind To die-hard fans, Apple Inc.'s Macintosh sometimes seems like an afterthought these days. Mac upgrades, once a frequent ritual, are few and far between. The Mac Pro, Apple's marquee computer, hasn't been refreshed since 2013. The affordable and flexible Mac mini was last upgraded in 2014. And when a new machine does roll out, the results are sometimes underwhelming, if not infuriating, to devotees. In October, after more than 500 days without an update, Apple unveiled the new MacBook Pro with a slimmer design and louder speakers. The laptop garnered mostly favorable reviews from the technology press but grumbles from creative types, a key constituency, who said the device under-performed rival products. Interviews with people familiar with Apple's inner workings reveal that the Mac is getting far less attention than it once did. They say the Mac team has lost clout with the famed industrial design group led by Jony Ive and the company's software team. They also describe a lack of clear direction from senior management, departures of key people working on Mac hardware and technical challenges that have delayed the roll-out of new computers. While the Mac generates about 10 percent of Apple sales, the company can't afford to alienate professional designers and other business customers. After all, they helped fuel Apple's revival in the late 1990s. In a stinging critique, Peter Kirn, founder of a website for music and video creators, wrote: "This is a company with no real vision for what its most creative users actually do with their most advanced machines." If more Mac users switch, the Apple ecosystem will become less sticky—opening the door to people abandoning higher-value products like the iPhone and iPad.   People now have more options. Microsoft Corp., once derided by Mac loyalists for its clunky, buggy software, offers Windows 10, which provides the tablet type functionality Apple pioneered with the iPad. Microsoft's Surface computers offer Apple-esque quality and a well-reviewed creative paint program aimed at the Mac's audience. Sensing an opportunity, Microsoft called the MacBook Pro a "disappointment" and said more users than ever were switching to its Surface laptops.   An Apple spokesman declined to comment. However, the company has said the Macintosh remains one of its most important products and denies it takes a back seat to other gadgets.  Four years ago at Apple's annual developer conference, marketing chief Phil Schiller pledged to keep the computer front and center in the company's product arsenal. "Nobody turns over their entire line as quickly and completely as we do at Apple," Schiller said. "We’re really proud of the engineering team and the work they do to do this quick so you can get the exact product you need." Two years later, the company held a 30th birthday party for the Macintosh, a splashy event that featured a OneRepublic concert at Apple's Cupertino, California headquarters. The company also created a website celebrating the Mac's history. To be fair, Apple depends on Intel Corp., which still makes key chips for Macs. Like the rest of the PC industry, Apple's innovation and product cycles are sometimes constrained by when Intel produces new chips—a process that's getting more difficult. Making a laptop stand out is also harder these days. But when Apple has tried to leapfrog the competition, it has fallen short. Take the company's attempt to create a longer-lasting battery for the MacBook Pro. Apple engineers wanted to use higher capacity battery packs shaped to the insides of the laptop versus the standard square cells found in most machines. The design would have boosted battery life.  In the run-up to the MacBook Pro's planned debut this year, the new battery failed a key test, according to a person familiar with the situation. Rather than delay the launch and risk missing the crucial holiday shopping season, Apple decided to revert to an older design. The change required roping in engineers from other teams to finish the job, meaning work on other Macs languished, the person said. The new laptop didn't represent a game-changing leap in battery performance, and a software bug misrepresented hours of power remaining. Apple has since removed the meter from the top right-hand corner of the screen.  In the Mac's heyday, people working on new models could expect a lot of attention from Ive's team. Once a week his people would meet with Mac engineers to discuss ongoing projects. Mac engineers brought prototypes to Ive's studio for review, while his lieutenants would visit the Mac labs to look at early concepts. Those visits have become less frequent since the company began focusing more on more-valuable products like the iPhone and iPad, and the change became even more obvious after the design team's leadership was shuffled last year, according to a person familiar with the situation. In another sign that the company has prioritized the iPhone, Apple re-organized its software engineering department so there's no longer a dedicated Mac operating system team. There is now just one team, and most of the engineers are iOS first, giving the people working on the iPhone and iPad more power.  That's part of a broader shift toward making Macs more like iPhones. Apple prioritizes features, like thinness and minimal ports, that sell its iPhones and iPads, which generated about 75 percent of revenue this year. Those are contrary to professional needs, like maximum computing power. Early prototypes of the 12-inch MacBook used the iPhone's Lightning connector, although this was ditched for a more standard USB-C port. There was even a gold MacBook Pro planned, but this was shelved because the color didn’t look good on such a large product.  In recent years, Apple managers have also become more likely to float two or more competing ideas, meaning designers and engineers must work on more than one concept at a time. In the past, managers pushed a more singular vision. Engineers are now "asked to develop multiple options in hopes that one of them will be shippable," a person familiar with the matter said.  When the company was developing the first 12-inch MacBook, Apple tested two primary prototypes. One, known internally as Stealth Fighter, was lighter. The second, a slightly less ambitious design known as Stealth Bomber, was heavier. The lighter model prevailed, but with engineers developing and testing two competing concepts, they had less time to figure out how to cram all the electronics into a thin slab of aluminum that would hold together. In the end, Apple shipped the laptop in 2015, months after its 2014 goal. For a 2016 MacBook update, some Apple engineers wanted to add a Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a second USB-C port (which would have made some power users happy). The update instead included a new rose gold color option alongside a standard speed increase. The internal turmoil has taken a toll. More than a dozen engineers and managers working on Mac hardware have left for different Apple teams or other companies in the past year and a half, said people familiar with the situation. Some were looking for a less all-consuming work environment, while others felt the future of Mac hardware was unclear in a world of iPhones and iPads.  In 2013, Apple launched a redesigned Mac Pro, a black cylinder with bright white LED lights. It was a powerful desktop machine created partly to cast a halo over the entire Macintosh lineup. The Mac Pro was also the first Apple computer in years to be assembled in the U.S. Under pressure from politicians to create manufacturing jobs at home, Apple was looking to score political points. The decision caused production headaches though.  The Mac Pro's glossy exterior and chrome beveled edges meant Apple had to make its own manufacturing tools and then train people to run those machines in an assembly plant. This slowed production and constrained Apple's ability to make enough computers to meet demand. Three years on, the Mac Pro is ripe for an upgrade with its chips and connector ports lagging rival products. Because of the earlier challenges, some Apple engineers have raised the possibility of moving production back to Asia, where it's cheaper and manufacturers have the required skills for ambitious products, according to a person familiar with those internal discussions. The political environment is tougher for such a move now. During his campaign, President-elect Donald Trump hammered Apple for building most of its products overseas and since his election he has pushed other companies to keep some jobs in the U.S.  Still, Apple hasn't given up on Macs. In a recent company Q&A session, employees asked whether Mac desktop computers remain strategically important. "We have great desktops in our roadmap. Nobody should worry about that," Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said, according to a transcript of the discussion obtained by Bloomberg News.  Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter The latest MacBook Pro has a "Touch Bar," a thin touchscreen built into the keyboard that lets users quickly access app shortcuts, change system settings, and pick emojis. The laptop also has Touch ID to speed up online purchases and a giant trackpad for easier gesture control. Apple designers are already exploring standalone keyboards with the touch strip and a fingerprint reader for desktops. Apple will decide whether to release these based on how well the features do on the MacBook Pro. Mac fans shouldn't hold their breath for radical new designs in 2017 though. Instead, the company is preparing modest updates: USB-C ports and a new Advanced Micro Devices Inc. graphics processor for the iMac, and minor bumps in processing power for the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro. Cue the outrage. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now This Is Where the World's Highest-Paid Expats Live Top Investor Picks for Emerging Markets in 2017 Islamic State Claims New Year’s Massacre at Istanbul Nightclub Trump to Continue Making News, Policy via Unconventional Twitter Perdue Is Trump’s Lead Pick for Agriculture Secretary Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Bad Crawler All Regions North America Asia Pacific Offshore UK Europe Press Releases Professionals  Search   [Go]   Login Register for Free First Time Here?   Services Writing for Mondaq Headline Feeds Enhance Your Website News Alerts   Information Common Questions Contact Us Feedback Form Press Office Privacy Statement   Advertise with Us Unsubscribe Copyright   [Bookmark this site] [Hide Navigation]   Disallowed Crawler. This crawler or robot has been disallowed from visting our site. If you feel this has been in error, please contact our webmaster Disallowed Crawler User Agents: MSIECrawler © Mondaq 1994-2005. All Rights Reserved
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out CXO Why tech offers better fertility benefits than other industries Intel, Apple, Facebook, and Google cover employee fertility treatments such as IVF and egg freezing. Here's why they are paving the way for others. By Alison DeNisco | December 21, 2016, 6:38 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: iStockphoto/g-stockstudio Despite criticism over lack of gender diversity and family-friendly policies, the tech industry is far exceeding others in one area of family planning: Fertility treatments. Technology companies offer in vitro fertilization (IVF) benefits nearly 35% higher than their peers, according to a recent report from FertilityIQ, a website aimed at assessing fertility doctors and clinics. And, six of the top 10 employers with the most generous benefits listed fell into the technology category, according to patient data. The rankings considered the amount of money an employer provides for treatments and medications, exclusions, and clinic restrictions. The top 10 best corporate fertility packages are as follows: 1. Spotify 2. Bank of America 3. BCG 4. Intel 5. Facebook 6. Chanel 7. Conair 8. Wayfair 9. Apple 10. Google IVF treatments cost about $23,000 per cycle, according to Jake Anderson-Bialis, co-founder of FertilityIQ. Most patients are not successful on their first try, and require two or three cycles before getting pregnant or giving up, he said. Egg freezing procedures cost about $17,000, according to FertilityIQ data. More for CXOs Quiz: Can you name these 20 tech billionaires? Silicon Valley CTO explains why Trump happened CIO Jury: Two-thirds of IT departments say they won't support 2016 MacBook Pro Subscribe to TechRepublic's Executive Briefing newsletter "Who you work for really determines whether you get this paid for or not," Anderson-Bialis said. "Tech companies dramatically outperformed their peers when it comes to the generosity and broadmindedness of the benefits. It's interesting because we're accustomed to hearing about how tech companies make life difficult for family-focused employees and female employees." Why is tech so generous when it comes to fertility benefits? The main reason is likely the current talent war for engineers and other skilled IT professionals, Anderson-Bialis said. "Anything that ingratiates a potential employee or their spouse to take a job or stay in a job, companies are desperate to do," he said. Another reason? The age of the employee base. "Tech companies are growing up before our eyes," Anderson-Bialis said. "We're seeing these CEOs and employees come of age and go through these struggles." For example, Mark Zuckerberg is now in his thirties, and has publicly discussed how he and his wife suffered three miscarriages before having their daughter. Technology companies are also the most inclusive in their IVF offerings, allowing employees to pursue various types of treatments with no restrictions based on their situation (such as gay couples pursuing surrogacy, or single mothers undergoing artificial insemination). Intel, Facebook, Apple, and Google are the best examples of this inclusion, the report stated. Employers interested in offering these benefits should know there is a return on employee satisfaction, FertilityIQ found: Fertility patients reported feeling a higher degree of loyalty to their employer and stay in their jobs longer when their employer pays for their fertility treatments, the report found. This year, Intel quadrupled fertility benefit coverage to $40,000 for medical services and $20,000 for prescription expenses. The company also removed the previous medical diagnosis requirement for fertility benefits, making conception services available to all employees, including same-sex couples. The expanded services include cryopreservation, and storage of egg, embryo, sperm, and cord blood. "We expanded our fertility benefits in hopes of reducing the financial burden that comes with fertility procedures," said Danielle Brown, chief diversity and inclusion officer and vice president of human resources at Intel Corporation. "Knowing that the average IVF cycle costs nearly $20,000, and the likelihood of success for each cycle is around 20% to 30%, offering increased fertility benefits will help more families complete two full cycles of IVF or cryopreservation." Intel also offers a flexible workplace, adoption benefit coverage, and childcare centers, Brown said. Potential risks In 2014, Facebook and Apple made waves as they became the first tech giants to offer egg freezing for female employees. But women working in tech should not rush into egg freezing or IVF options without thorough research, said Marcy Darnovsky, executive director of the Center for Genetics and Society. "The tech industry has come under a lot of criticism for lack of diversity, including gender diversity, and they perceive this as a way to attract women," Darnovsky said. "The tech industry is also infamous for encouraging employees to work long hours, so this is a way to evade responsibility by encouraging women to put off having families until they're older, so they can lean in now." IVF failure rates are 75% across the board, varying by age, Darnovsky said. And since the American Society for Reproductive Medicine only lifted the experimental label on egg freezing in 2012, there remains little research on long-term health risks. Instead of offering fertility benefits like egg freezing, tech companies should look to adopt more family-friendly workplace policies for all employees, Darnovsky said. "It's a question of workplace culture," she said. "You have to give women and men more time off when they are birthing or adopting children, and create a culture in which both men and women take time off to care for infants. Those things are going to make it possible for women and men to be good parents and to do well at their jobs." "That's what's needed, not something that's a high tech procedure being presented as a silver bullet," Darnovsky added. For men and women in tech who do plan to take advantage of IVF and other fertility benefits, Anderson-Bialis cautions them to prepare for the process. "Working in the tech industry is a demanding field, and going through fertility treatment is a demanding process," he said. "Be realistic about how much time you'll need to go through this process, and the emotional setbacks." The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers Technology companies outperform their peers when it comes to fertility treatment coverage, and offer in vitro fertilization (IVF) benefits nearly 35% higher than their peers, according to a recent report from FertilityIQ. Spotify, Intel, Facebook, Wayfair, Apple, and Google made the list of top 10 employer fertility packages. While these benefits are likely meant to attract and retain tech talent, especially women, tech workers should be cautious and research the procedures before taking advantage of them, experts said. Keep up to date on all CXO news. Click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Executive Briefing newsletter. Subscribe Also see IBM pays for women to ship breast milk, pushes ahead in the race to attract female tech talent (TechRepublic) Women's share of Microsoft jobs falls again, so it's tying top pay to diversity (ZDNet) Report: Women in tech earn $0.94 cents to every $1 men make (TechRepublic) Women in technology: Advice from Intel and Biogen (ZDNet) 16 tech jobs with the largest gender gaps (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Alison DeNisco Alison DeNisco is a Staff Writer for TechRepublic. She covers CXO and the convergence of tech and the workplace. Full Bio Contact See all of Alison's content AlisonDeNisco × Full Bio Alison DeNisco is a Staff Writer for TechRepublic. She covers CXO and the convergence of tech and the workplace. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Internet of Things policy Windows spotlight: 30 tips and tricks for power users Building a practical chart of accounts: Two sample documents New user education checklist Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
null
Trending: Tips for new tech devices IDG Editors on tech trends for '17 Tech luminaries we lost in 2016 Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Tips on shooting great video with your drone Free tools for your cyber-security efforts 5 tips for succeeding with a virtual workforce More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Operating Systems Linux News This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC Intel's Joule now supports Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Dec 20, 2016 8:22 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Intel's Joule 570x can be used as a PC or for the development of robots and drones. Credit: Intel More like this Intel ships Joule 550x computer, but initial units overpriced Intel's Joule board to support Windows 10 IoT Core The Orange Pi Zero single-board computer ships for $6.99 Video Smart Cities: Barcelona If you want a PC with Ubuntu Linux, you can turn to Intel's Joule single-board computer instead of buying an expensive machine. Support for Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS has been added to the Joule board, according to developer notes for Intel IoT Developer Kit 5.0 released late last week. Intel has two Joule boards: the 570x, which sells for $219 on Mouser, and the 550x, which is priced at $179 on the same retail site. The 550x, which started shipping recently, was priced at $349 until Monday, but was cut in half after a story by the IDG News Service pointed out the unusually high price. The Joule boards are like Raspberry Pi 3, with all major components crammed on a circuit board. But Joule is tricked out with recently released components, memory and storage, making it the fastest board computer in its class. The Joule boards have the latest Atom processors based on the Broxton architecture, GPUs capable of 4K video capture, 802.11ac Wi-Fi, LPDDR4 memory, USB 3.0 ports and internal storage up to 8GB. Raspberry Pi 3 has an ARM processor, no internal storage, USB 2.0, 1080p graphics processor and slower memory and Wi-Fi. Intel designed the Joule board for the development of robots, drones and smart devices requiring heavy processing power. But like Raspberry Pi 3, which is also being used as a PC, the Joule is powerful enough to be a low-end PC or server. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Linux Windows PCs Computer Hardware Review: Microsoft Teams tries to do Slack one better Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Popular Resources Go Top Stories Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' President-elect Donald Trump weighed in on IT security at a New Year's Eve party, suggesting that the... Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Considering a data warehouse system? Download this free report for side-by-side comparisons of rival... Making gas stations safe for fraudsters again With soaring online fraud, Mastercard and Visa have done what they can to boost in-store crime. They... 2016: The tech year in cartoons From Microsoft’s push to get users to upgrade to Windows 10 — whether they wanted to or not — to the... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Computing Intel Bets It Can Turn Everyday Silicon into Quantum Computing’s Wonder Material The world’s largest chip company sees a novel path toward computers of immense power. by Tom Simonite December 21, 2016 Researchers at TU Delft in the Netherlands use equipment like this to test quantum computing devices at supercool temperatures, in a collaboration with chip maker Intel. Sometimes the solution to a problem is staring you in the face all along. Chip maker Intel is betting that will be true in the race to build quantum computers—machines that should offer immense processing power by exploiting the oddities of quantum mechanics. Competitors IBM, Microsoft, and Google are all developing quantum components that are different from the ones crunching data in today’s computers. But Intel is trying to adapt the workhorse of existing computers, the silicon transistor, for the task. Intel has a team of quantum hardware engineers in Portland, Oregon, who collaborate with researchers in the Netherlands, at TU Delft’s QuTech quantum research institute, under a $50 million grant established last year. Earlier this month Intel’s group reported that they can now layer the ultra-pure silicon needed for a quantum computer onto the standard wafers used in chip factories. This strategy makes Intel an outlier among industry and academic groups working on qubits, as the basic components needed for quantum computers are known. Other companies can run code on prototype chips with several qubits made from superconducting circuits (see “Google’s Quantum Dream Machine”). No one has yet advanced silicon qubits that far. A quantum computer would need to have thousands or millions of qubits to be broadly useful, though. And Jim Clarke, who leads Intel’s project as director of quantum hardware, argues that silicon qubits are more likely to get to that point (although Intel is also doing some research on superconducting qubits). One thing in silicon’s favor, he says: the expertise and equipment used to make conventional chips with billions of identical transistors should allow work on perfecting and scaling up silicon qubits to progress quickly. Intel’s silicon qubits represent data in a quantum property called the “spin” of a single electron trapped inside a modified version of the transistors in its existing commercial chips. “The hope is that if we make the best transistors, then with a few material and design changes we can make the best qubits,” says Clarke. Another reason to work on silicon qubits is that they should be more reliable than the superconducting equivalents. Still, all qubits are error prone because they work on data using very weak quantum effects (see “Google Researchers Make Quantum Components More Reliable”). The new process that helps Intel experiment with silicon qubits on standard chip wafers, developed with the materials companies Urenco and Air Liquide, should help speed up its research, says Andrew Dzurak, who works on silicon qubits at the University of New South Wales in Australia. “To get to hundreds of thousands of qubits, we will need incredible engineering reliability, and that is the hallmark of the semiconductor industry,” he says. Companies developing superconducting qubits also make them using existing chip fabrication methods. But the resulting devices are larger than transistors, and there is no template for how to manufacture and package them up in large numbers, says Dzurak. Chad Rigetti, founder and CEO of Rigetti Computing, a startup working on superconducting qubits similar to those Google and IBM are developing, agrees that this presents a challenge. But he argues that his chosen technology’s head start will afford ample time and resources to tackle the problem. Google and Rigetti have both said that in just a few years they could build a quantum chip with tens or hundreds of qubits that dramatically outperforms conventional computers on certain problems, even doing useful work on problems in chemistry or machine learning. From Our Advertisers Presented by IEEE Collabratec The Connected City: Trends and Developments Driving Smart City Innovation Sponsored by Lenovo Trend Roundup: Data Storage and the Cloud In partnership with Dynatrace Emerging Trend Analysis: What is Digital Performance Management? Tagged Intel, Google, Microsoft, qubits, quantum computing, silicon chips, Moore’s Law Credit Image courtesy of Intel Tom Simonite San Francisco Bureau Chief I’m MIT Technology Review’s San Francisco bureau chief and enjoy a diverse diet of algorithms, Internet, and human-computer interaction with chips on the side. I lead our coverage of new ideas from Silicon Valley, whether they spring from tech… More giants, new startups, or academic labs. My journey to the West Coast started in a small English market town and took in the University of Cambridge, Imperial College London, and five years writing and editing technology news coverage at New Scientist magazine. READ COMMENTS Please read our commenting guidelines. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $15 per month. Insider Premium $179.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. More from Computing From the latest smartphones to advances in quantum computing, the hardware behind today's digital age is rapidly changing. Should an Amazon Echo Help Solve a Murder? Authorities have asked Amazon to turn over data from a suspect’s Echo, raising thorny privacy questions. by Michael Reilly Ukraine’s Power Grid Gets Hacked Again, a Worrying Sign for Infrastructure Attacks Russian hackers may be behind attacks leveled at the nation’s power grid and artillery. The West should take note. by Jamie Condliffe How Russian Hackers Stole $5 Million a Day from U.S. Advertisers Using clever bots to reinvent an old click fraud technique turned out to be lucrative. by Jamie Condliffe More from Computing Want more award-winning journalism? Subscribe to Insider Plus. Insider Plus {! insider.prices.plus !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Everything included in Insider Basic, plus ad-free web experience, select discounts to partner offerings and MIT Technology Review events {! insider.buttons.plus.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Access to both Print and Online versions of MIT Technology Review The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience * {! insider.display.footerLabel !} See international prices See U.S. prices Revert to MIT Enterprise Forum pricing Revert to standard pricing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel's New Sales Strategy for the Internet of Things This tech giant plans to revamp its sales model to better capitalize on the opportunities in the diverse Internet of Things market. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Dec 21, 2016 at 12:25PM Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) recently appointed former Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Stacy Smith as the Executive Vice President responsible for the company's sales, manufacturing, and operations -- arguably making him the most powerful executive at Intel next to only CEO Brian Krzanich. Image source: Intel.  Smith recently presented at an investor conference, offering up a wealth of insights into how the company will need to transform its go-to-market strategy as it more aggressively targets the growing Internet of Things market (a market in which Intel is already doing surprisingly well). Let's take a closer look at what he had to say, shall we? Then and now Smith began by saying that the company's sales force "has been designed over the years to be a very efficient functional model." To understand what Smith is saying here, it's important to know what a functional sales model is. Website PM Study Circle has a good explanation of what a functional organization structure is like: A functional organization structure is a hierarchical organization structure wherein people are grouped as per their area of specialization. These people are supervised by a functional manager with expertise in the same field. Going forward, though, Smith says that the company is "toggling toward a sales force that's actually aligned by vertical markets." "And so, we will have a dedicated sales force, for example, for automotive that have very deep skills in that space and can go in to a customer like a BMW or a Delphi, which was announced by them this morning, and do a solution sale that touches all the different parts of Intel," Smith elaborated. Intel is really taking the Internet of Things seriously Intel's Internet of Things business certainly isn't large enough today to really move the needle for the company -- it brings in less than $3 billion in annual revenues to a company that's expected to bring in more than $58 billion in revenue this year. In other words, upside in this business can't offset significant weakness in the company's much larger Data Center Group (DCG) or Client Computing Group (CCG), and weakness in it can't offset good news from either of those two businesses. At least not today. However, if we look at it from a long-term perspective, the potential is clearly there. In 2015, this business segment generated about $2.3 billion in sales, and year-to-date the business has grown by a little more than 14% year-over-year (we'll see the final growth figure for the year when Intel reports its financial results on Jan. 26). Just for the sake of argument, let's assume that Intel can wring out a 15% compounded annual growth rate from this business over the course of the next five years. This business that brought in just $2.3 billion in revenue during 2015 could be a $4.5 billion business by the time 2020 rolls around. At that point, it'd still be a small part of Intel's total revenue, but a $4.5 billion Internet of Things business, combined with a non-volatile memory business that could conceivably grow from around $2.6 billion to roughly $4.5 billion by then, would be $9 billion in non-DCG and non-CCG revenue. Throw in Intel's Programmable Solutions Group (PSG) (formerly Altera) and assume that it can get to $2 billion+ revenue by 2020, and Intel now has a trio of non-DCG, non-CCG businesses that together add up to $11 billion in annual revenue. That, collectively, could be enough to compensate for weaknesses or augment strengths elsewhere. And I think that's been Intel's point for quite a while now. It'll be interesting to see what the chip giant's business ultimately looks like in five-to-ten years. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Dec 21, 2016 at 12:25PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.29 down $0.37 (-1.01%) Read More Ignore Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.: Here Are 2 Better Stocks 1 Way ARM Threatens Intel's Data Center Business 5 Reasons Advanced Micro Devices Inc. Stock Could Rise in 2017 Intel's Next-Generation Server Processors Will Be Built on 10-Nanometer Tech Intel Corporation's Huge Bet on the Data Center Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Intel's New Sales Strategy for the Internet of Things #stocks $INTC
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel's New Sales Strategy for the Internet of Things This tech giant plans to revamp its sales model to better capitalize on the opportunities in the diverse Internet of Things market. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Dec 21, 2016 at 12:25PM Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) recently appointed former Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Stacy Smith as the Executive Vice President responsible for the company's sales, manufacturing, and operations -- arguably making him the most powerful executive at Intel next to only CEO Brian Krzanich. Image source: Intel.  Smith recently presented at an investor conference, offering up a wealth of insights into how the company will need to transform its go-to-market strategy as it more aggressively targets the growing Internet of Things market (a market in which Intel is already doing surprisingly well). Let's take a closer look at what he had to say, shall we? Then and now Smith began by saying that the company's sales force "has been designed over the years to be a very efficient functional model." To understand what Smith is saying here, it's important to know what a functional sales model is. Website PM Study Circle has a good explanation of what a functional organization structure is like: A functional organization structure is a hierarchical organization structure wherein people are grouped as per their area of specialization. These people are supervised by a functional manager with expertise in the same field. Going forward, though, Smith says that the company is "toggling toward a sales force that's actually aligned by vertical markets." "And so, we will have a dedicated sales force, for example, for automotive that have very deep skills in that space and can go in to a customer like a BMW or a Delphi, which was announced by them this morning, and do a solution sale that touches all the different parts of Intel," Smith elaborated. Intel is really taking the Internet of Things seriously Intel's Internet of Things business certainly isn't large enough today to really move the needle for the company -- it brings in less than $3 billion in annual revenues to a company that's expected to bring in more than $58 billion in revenue this year. In other words, upside in this business can't offset significant weakness in the company's much larger Data Center Group (DCG) or Client Computing Group (CCG), and weakness in it can't offset good news from either of those two businesses. At least not today. However, if we look at it from a long-term perspective, the potential is clearly there. In 2015, this business segment generated about $2.3 billion in sales, and year-to-date the business has grown by a little more than 14% year-over-year (we'll see the final growth figure for the year when Intel reports its financial results on Jan. 26). Just for the sake of argument, let's assume that Intel can wring out a 15% compounded annual growth rate from this business over the course of the next five years. This business that brought in just $2.3 billion in revenue during 2015 could be a $4.5 billion business by the time 2020 rolls around. At that point, it'd still be a small part of Intel's total revenue, but a $4.5 billion Internet of Things business, combined with a non-volatile memory business that could conceivably grow from around $2.6 billion to roughly $4.5 billion by then, would be $9 billion in non-DCG and non-CCG revenue. Throw in Intel's Programmable Solutions Group (PSG) (formerly Altera) and assume that it can get to $2 billion+ revenue by 2020, and Intel now has a trio of non-DCG, non-CCG businesses that together add up to $11 billion in annual revenue. That, collectively, could be enough to compensate for weaknesses or augment strengths elsewhere. And I think that's been Intel's point for quite a while now. It'll be interesting to see what the chip giant's business ultimately looks like in five-to-ten years. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Dec 21, 2016 at 12:25PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.29 down $0.37 (-1.01%) Read More Ignore Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.: Here Are 2 Better Stocks 1 Way ARM Threatens Intel's Data Center Business 5 Reasons Advanced Micro Devices Inc. Stock Could Rise in 2017 Intel's Next-Generation Server Processors Will Be Built on 10-Nanometer Tech Intel Corporation's Huge Bet on the Data Center Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Intel's New Sales Strategy for the Internet of Things #stocks $INTC
12,668,657 members (33,436 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions C++ questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Internet of Things » Boards / Embedded devices » Sponsored Articles   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as ArduinoUbuntuIoTvmware Stats 1.5K views 5 bookmarked Posted 21 Dec 2016 Bringing Up Arduino 101 (branded Genuino 101 outside the U.S.) on Ubuntu under VMware Intel Corporation, 21 Dec 2016 CPOL    5.00 (2 votes) 1 2 3 4 5 5.00/5 - 2 votes μ 5.00, σa 1.10 [?] Rate this: Please Sign up or sign in to vote. This guide demonstrates how to run the Arduino 101 platform on Ubuntu using a VMware* Workstation. Editorial Note This article is for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. Introduction The Arduino 101* (branded Genuino 101* outside the U.S.) is a learning and development platform that uses a low-power Intel® Curie™ module powered by the Intel® Quark™ SE microcontroller. The Intel® Quark™ SE microcontroller contains a single core 32 MHz x86 (Intel® Quark™ processor core) and the 32 MHz Argonaut RISC Core (ARC)* EM processor. The Arduino 101* platform runs on Windows*, Macintosh* OSX, and Linux* operating systems. This guide demonstrates how to run the Arduino 101* platform on Ubuntu* using a VMware* Workstation. The VMware* Workstation is a virtual machine that allows you to run applications from other OSes in Linux* from the desktop. Hardware components The hardware components used in this project are listed below: Arduino 101* module A standard A plug to B plug USB cable Setting up VMware* workstation on Ubuntu* Go to the VMware website to download and install the latest VMware workstation player for Windows*. Then go to the Ubuntu* website and download the latest version of Ubuntu Desktop*. Open VMware and create a new virtual machine using the downloaded Ubuntu* image. Development board download Visit https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/Software to download the Arduino* Software IDE version 1.6.7 or later for Linux*. As of this writing, the latest Linux* Arduino* IDE version supported by Arduino 101* is arduino-1.6.11-linux64.tar.xz. Copy arduino-1.6.11-linux64.tar.xz to the Ubuntu* folder in the VMWare environment. Set up the environment for Arduino 101* Untar arduino-1.6.11-linux64.tar.xz and install the Arduino IDE software. sudo apt-get update
tar -xvf arduino-1.6.9-linux64.tar.xz
sudo mv arduino-1.6.9 /opt
cd /opt/arduino-1.6.9
~/install.sh Bring up Arduino on Ubuntu* 1. Connect the Arduino 101 platform to the virtual machine that is running the VMWare workstation. cd /opt/arduino-1.6.11
sudo ./arduino Figure 1: Bringing up the Arduino IDE* on the Ubuntu* command line 2. Choose Tools > Board > Boards Manager to launch the board manager to install the Intel® Curie™ board. Figure 2: Launching the Boards Manager Figure 3: Installing Intel® Curie™ boards 3. Choose Tools > Port and select the Arduino 101 port. Figure 4: Selecting the Arduino 101* port 4. Choose Tools > Board and select the Arduino 101* board. Figure 5: Selecting the Arduino 101* board 5. Choose File > Examples > Basics > Blink and open the blink sketch. Figure 6: Uploading the Blink sketch The LED on the Arduino 101* platform should now blink. Figure 7: Arduino 101* with LED Blinking Arduino 101* Libraries The Arduino 101* Libraries are a collection of code that provide extra functionality for sketches. They make it easy to connect to Bluetooth® LE, sensors, and timers. To experiment with the built-in Arduino 101* libraries, visit https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/Libraries. The Arduino 101* libraries are based on the open source corelibs. If you are interested in experimenting the corelibs, visit 01.org’s GitHub*, but these are not required to use the Arduino 101* libraries. Summary We have described how to launch the Arduino 101* platform on Ubuntu* in VMware. Experiment with the Arduino 101* libraries, Grov*e - Starter Kit Plus, more sensors and shields to enjoy the power of the Intel® Curie™ module. Helpful References Intel® Developer Zone: https://software.intel.com/en-us/iot/home Arduino forum: http://forum.arduino.cc Intel® Curie™ module: https://software.intel.com/en-us/iot/hardware/curie http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/wearables/wearable-soc.html http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/wearables/intel-curie-fact-sheet.html Arduino 101* hardware: https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/ArduinoBoard101 https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/Arduino101 Grove* Starter Kit Plus: https://software.intel.com/en-us/iot/hardware/devkit Order Arduino 101* platform: http://www.intel.com/buy/us/en/product/emergingtechnologies/intel-arduino-101-497161 About the author Nancy Le is a software engineer at Intel Corporation in the Software and Services Group working on Intel® Atom™ processor scale-enabling projects. For more complete information about compiler optimizations, see our Optimization Notice. License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States You may know us for our processors. But we do so much more. Intel invents at the boundaries of technology to make amazing experiences possible for business and society, and for every person on Earth. Harnessing the capability of the cloud, the ubiquity of the Internet of Things, the latest advances in memory and programmable solutions, and the promise of always-on 5G connectivity, Intel is disrupting industries and solving global challenges. Leading on policy, diversity, inclusion, education and sustainability, we create value for our stockholders, customers and society. Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Pro Challenging Some of the Myths About Static Code Analysis Using the Intel® Edison Module to Control Robots Bringing Up Arduino 101 (branded Genuino 101 outside the U.S.) on Ubuntu under VMware Visual COBOL New Release: Small point. Big deal Fun with the Arduino 101 - Genuino 101 Building a Robotic Platform Using the Intel® Edison Module Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161229.1 | Last Updated 21 Dec 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2017 Layout: fixed | fluid
12,668,657 members (33,436 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions C++ questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Internet of Things » Boards / Embedded devices » Sponsored Articles   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as AWSHardwareIoT Stats 1.6K views 3 bookmarked Posted 21 Dec 2016 Intel® IoT Gateway, Industrial Oil & Gas Pressure Sensor, and AWS IoT Intel Corporation, 21 Dec 2016 CPOL    5.00 (1 vote) 1 2 3 4 5 5.00/5 - 1 vote μ 5.00, σa 1.10 [?] Rate this: Please Sign up or sign in to vote. In this use case tutorial we'll use an Intel® NUC and Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub to interface an industrial fluid/gas pressure sensor to AWS IoT running in the Amazon Web Services Cloud. Editorial Note This article is for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. In this use case tutorial we'll use an Intel® NUC and Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub to interface an industrial fluid/gas pressure sensor to AWS* IoT running in the Amazon Web Services* Cloud. The application software we'll develop will control the pressure sensor and continuously transmit pressure measurements to AWS IoT where the data will be stored, processed and evaluated in the cloud. The pressure sensor is an Omega* PX409-USBH which is a high speed industrial pressure transducer with a USB interface. The sensor is available in a number of different sensing configurations and pressure ranges from vacuum to 5,000 PSI. For this tutorial we'll use model PX409-150GUSBH which is a gage pressure transducer with a measurement range of 0 to 150 PSI. It's designed to connect to piping using a ¼-18 NPT threaded pipe fitting. We'll connect the sensor to a pressurized water line with a secondary gauge for visual inspection of the pressure. Figure 1 shows the sensor configuration and fittings. (1) is the pressure sensor; (2) is the sensor USB cable that will connect to the Intel® NUC; (3) is a secondary gauge for comparison purposes; (4) and (5) are inlet and outlet connections along with control valves for changing the pressure. Figure 1. The Omega PX409-USBH industrial pressure sensor Setup Prerequisites Intel® NUC powered up and connected to a LAN network with Internet access and a development laptop or workstation for logging into the Intel® NUC. Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub running on the Intel® NUC and software updates applied. Package "packagegroup-cloud-aws" installed on the Intel® NUC. An active account on Amazon Web Services and familiarity with the AWS console, AWS IoT, and AWS Elasticsearch Service. Connect Pressure Sensor to the Intel® NUC Connect the pressure sensor USB cable into the USB port on the front of the Intel® NUC. After connecting the sensor the Intel® NUC will automatically assign a TTY device such as /dev/ttyUSB0 or /dev/ttyUSB1. The exact name will vary depending on whether you’ve connected other USB devices to the Intel® NUC. Find the sensor’s device name by logging into the Intel® NUC over the LAN network using ssh. You’ll need to know the Intel® NUC’s IP address assigned on the LAN. For this example the IP address is 192.168.22.100 and the login name is gwuser and password gwuser. ssh gwuser@192.168.22.100

gwuser@WR-IDP-9C99:~$  ls /dev/ttyUSB**
/dev/ttyUSB0 Here we see only one USB device which is named /dev/ttyUSB0 - that’s the pressure sensor. Next we’ll run some verifications tests to confirm the sensor is communicating with the Intel® NUC. Use the screen utility to connect directly to the USB port and manually issue commands. The commands you type won’t be visible – only the results of the commands will display. gwuser@WR-IDP-9C99:~$  sudo screen /dev/ttyUSB0 115200 Type in ENQ and hit Enter. You should receive a response that looks like this: USBPX2
1.0.13.0826
0.0 to 150.0 PSI G When you see this response it confirms that the pressure sensor is communicating with the Intel® NUC through the USB port. Exit screen by typing these commands: Control-A, Control-\, y. Configure AWS* IoT and Node-RED* Node-RED* is a visual tool for building Internet of Things applications. It’s pre-installed on the Intel® NUC as part of the Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub. Log into your AWS account and navigate to the AWS IoT console. Create a new device (thing) named Intel_NUC and a Policy named PubSubToAnyTopic that allows publishing and subscribing to any MQTT topic. Create and activate a new Certificate and download the private key file, certificate file, and root CA file (available here) to your computer. Attach the Intel_NUC device and PubSubToAnyTopic policy to the new certificate. While logged into the Intel® NUC via ssh as gwuser, create the directory /home/gwuser/awsiot and then use SFTP or SCP to copy the downloaded private key file, certificate file and root CA files from your workstation to the /home/gwuser/awsiot directory on the Intel® NUC. Create Node-RED* Sensor Flow In the Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub click on the Sensors icon and then the Program Sensors button. This will open the Node-RED canvas. If you get another login prompt use the same gwuser / gwuser login credentials you used when logging into the Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub. You will see a default Node-RED flow for a RH-USB sensor. We’re not using that type of sensor here so you can either delete that flow or disable it by double-clicking the Interval node and setting Repeat to none followed by clicking Done. If you don’t delete the flow, select all the elements of the flow using the mouse and drag them down lower on the screen to open up more room at the top. Click the Deploy button to save and activate the changes. First we’ll build a flow that continuously reads the pressure sensor and displays the pressure readings in the Intel® IoT Gateway Developer Hub. Follow these steps: Drag the following types of nodes from the list on the left side onto the canvas and arrange them like shown in Figure 2: (1) inject (input), (2) function (function), (3) serial (output), (4) serial (input), (5) function (function), (6) chart tag (function), (7) mqtt (output). A couple of the names will automatically change when you drop them on the canvas: inject will change to timestamp, and function will change to blank. Use the mouse to draw lines between the nodes so they look like Figure 2. Figure 2. Initial Node-RED flow with nodes and connections Next, double-click on each node corresponding to the numbered callouts and set the node parameters as shown in Figure 3. You may need to move the nodes around to maintain a clean layout. For the serial nodes use the /dev/ttyUSBn device name corresponding to your pressure sensor (we're using /dev/ttyUSB0). The serial port name and parameters are set by clicking the pencil icon next to Add new serial-port… and setting the values as shown in item 3A of Figure 3, then clicking Add. When you're done configuring the nodes the flow should look like Figure 4. Figure 3. Node configuration details Figure 4. Configured Node-RED flow and pressure data display Click the Deploy button to deploy and activate the flow, then click your browser’s refresh button to refresh the entire web page. You should now see a live pressure gauge in the upper part of the Intel® IoT Gateway Hub as shown in Figure 4. You can apply water pressure to the sensor assembly and you’ll see the pressure readings increase and decrease as the pressure varies. Connect Intel® NUC to AWS IoT Drag a mqtt output node onto the Node-RED canvas and then double-click it. In the Server pick list select Add new mqtt-broker… and then click the pencil icon to the right. In the Connection tab, set the Server field to your AWS IoT endpoint address which will look something like aaabbbcccddd.iot.us-east-1.amazonaws.com. You can find the endpoint address by using the AWS CLI command aws iot describe-endpoint on your workstation. Set the Port to 8883 and checkmark Enable secure (SSL/TLS) connection, then click the pencil icon to the right of Add new tls-config… In the Certificate field enter the full path and filename to your certificate file, private key file, and root CA file that you copied earlier into the /home/gwuser/awsiot directory. For example, the Certificate path might look like /home/gwuser/awsiot/1112223333-certificate.pem.crt and the Private Key path might look like /home/user/awsiot/1112223333-private.pem.key. The CA Certificate might look like /home/gwuser/awsiot/VeriSign-Class-3-Public-Primary-Certification-Authority-G5.pem. Checkmark Verify server certificate and leave Name empty. Click the Add button and then click the second Add button to return to the main MQTT out node panel. Set the Topic to nuc/pressure, set QoS to 1, and set Retain to false. Set the Name field to Publish to AWS IoT and then click Done. Drag another function node onto the Node-RED canvas. Double-click to edit the node and set the Name to Format JSON. Edit the function code so it looks like this: msg.payload = {
  pressure: Number(msg.payload),
  timestamp: Date.now()
  };
return msg; Click Done to save the function changes. Draw a wire from the output of the Extract Data node to the input of Format JSON, and another wire from the output of Format JSON to the input of Publish to AWS IoT. These changes will convert the pressure reading into a JSON object and send it to AWS IoT. Click the Deploy button to deploy and activate the changes. The finished flow should look like Figure 5. Figure 5. Finished flow with connection to AWS IoT Back in the AWS IoT console, start the MQTT Client and subscribe to the topic nuc/pressure. You should see messages arriving once a second containing live pressure readings. Vary the pressure on the sensor and observe the values increasing and decreasing. Recording and Visualizing Pressure History in AWS* IoT Now that live pressure data is arriving in AWS IoT, a variety of additional data processing can be performed in the AWS cloud. Here we’ll send the data into Elasticsearch where it can be searched and visualized on dashboards. In the AWS console, navigate to the Elasticsearch Service and provision an Elasticsearch cluster with a domain name of nucdata. You can initially make it a small cluster with one instance. Set the security access policy to your Internet access preferences and also add a policy for principal "AWS": ""* to access "Action": "ESHttpPut". Wait for the cluster provisioning to complete and the Domain status to change to Active. Use curl or a REST tool to create an Elasticsearch index named nucs using the Endpoint URI listed in the AWS Elasticsearch cluster console. When creating the index, include a type named nuc with two properties: pressure of type float and timestamp of type date. In the AWS IoT console, create a Rule named Record_Pressure. Set the Description to Record pressure readings to Elasticsearch, set the Attribute to pressure,timestamp and set the Topic Filter to nuc/pressure. Leave Condition blank. In the action section choose an action of Send the message to a search index cluster (Amazon Elasticsearch Service) and select nucdata for the Domain name. The Endpoint will be filled in automatically. Set the ID to ${newuuid()}, set the Index to nucs, and set the Type to nuc. For the Role name, click Create a new role and set the role name to aws_iot_elasticsearch. Click Add action and then click Create to create the rule. This rule will take data from the nuc/pressure MQTT topic and send it into Elasticsearch where it can be searched and viewed. To search and view data: Navigate to your Elasticsearch cluster Kibana URI and create an index pattern named nucs using timestamp as the Time-field name. You should see pressure and timestamp in the fields list. Navigate to the Kibana Discover tab and enable auto-refresh at a 5 second interval. You should see roughly 5 new data records every 5 seconds – these are the pressure readings coming from the NUC. Navigate to the Visualize tab and create a Line chart time series visualization using X and Y parameters shown in Figure 6. Now vary the actual pressure on the sensor and watch the time series graph in Kibana. Figure 6 shows a live pressure cycle starting at 0 PSI, jumping to 82 PSI, incrementally stepping down to 20 PSI, ramping up to 76 and then 82 PSI, dropping abruptly to 0 PSI, stepping up to 55 PSI for a short period, and then stepping up to 82 PSI. Figure 6. Live graph of pressure reading data in AWS License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States You may know us for our processors. But we do so much more. Intel invents at the boundaries of technology to make amazing experiences possible for business and society, and for every person on Earth. Harnessing the capability of the cloud, the ubiquity of the Internet of Things, the latest advances in memory and programmable solutions, and the promise of always-on 5G connectivity, Intel is disrupting industries and solving global challenges. Leading on policy, diversity, inclusion, education and sustainability, we create value for our stockholders, customers and society. Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Pro Increase System Availability by Leveraging Apache Tomcat Clustering Mobile Messaging with Twilio Using Amazon Web Services (AWS) IoT with Intel® IoT Devices and Gateways Visual COBOL New Release: Small point. Big deal Getting Started with Intel® IoT Gateways - Python 10 Ways to Boost COBOL Application Development Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161229.1 | Last Updated 21 Dec 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2017 Layout: fixed | fluid
12,668,657 members (33,436 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions C++ questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Internet of Things » Boards / Embedded devices » General   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as ArduinoNode.jsIoT Stats 1.6K views 2 bookmarked Posted 21 Dec 2016 Programming Robotics using the Intel® XDK, Node.js, and MRAA library Intel Corporation, 21 Dec 2016 CPOL    5.00 (1 vote) 1 2 3 4 5 5.00/5 - 1 vote μ 5.00, σa 1.10 [?] Rate this: Please Sign up or sign in to vote. This article describes another method of programming the robot using the Intel® XDK to program the robot over WiFi, Node.js, and the MRAA library. Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. Introduction Programmable robotic kits are attainable in many forms these days whether it is from a hobby store or online site like dfrobot.com. There are many different platforms, programming languages, and tools that you can learn. Dfrobot* created a tank robot platform called Devastator that contains the Romeo* controller board. This board was modified for use with the Intel® Edison compute module to bring more capability to the kit with an increased number of I/O’s, integrated WiFi, USB Host, servo control, and increased processing power. The kit can be programmed using the Arduino* IDE and a USB connection out of the box. This article describes another method of programming the robot using the Intel® XDK to program the robot over WiFi, Node.js*, and the MRAA library. In particular, the article will discuss about the tools used, the Romeo controller board, mapping peripheral pins, creating an Intel XDK project, and the implementation of the sensor & actuator components for the robot. The article will conclude by tying together the concepts discussed with a prototype for the robot to operate autonomously and avoid collisions. Getting started with the robotics platform For an introduction and getting started with the Devastator robotics platform please see the link below: https://software.intel.com/en-us/articles/overview-of-intel-edison-based-robotics-platform Tools Used Node.js* Node.js* is a lightweight JavaScript runtime with a non-blocking I/O model that has a large ecosystem of open source libraries. You can learn more about Node.js from the link below. https://nodejs.org/en/about/ MRAA Library MRAA is a Linux based open source low level C peripheral library that has bindings for C++, Python, Node.js, and Java languages. This gives a developer flexibility in choosing a familiar language when developing an IoT application. The library supports a variety of x86 and ARM platforms and has a common API. Intel® Edison comes with the MRAA libraries pre-installed on its Linux image and the Intel XDK can manage updating the libraries to the latest. To learn more about MRAA, please see the links below. https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/mraa http://iotdk.intel.com/docs/master/mraa/edison.html Intel XDK The Intel XDK is a full IDE for developing, programming, and debugging an Intel® Edison IoT application over a WiFi connection. It comes with the Node.js environment setup and is MRAA ready. The tool is free and can be downloaded from the link below. https://software.intel.com/en-us/intel-xdk Romeo Intel® Edison Controller Board Reviewing the schematic helps in understanding the key components in the system and how you can best map the available peripherals to the sensors and actuators used by the robot. The robot uses a variety of peripherals to accomplish its tasks. Below is a listing of component to peripheral pin mapping for the robot. An additional mapping is made from the physical pin to the MRAA pin. This pin mapping is what we will use in the code when initializing the peripherals. It should also be noted that there are level translators on the board. These pins are also indicated in the table below to aid in correlation when viewing the schematic. Component: Peripheral: Intel® Edison Pin: Translated Pin: MRAA Pin: Passive Infrared Sensor Digital Input GPIO43 D11 38 Tilt Servo PWM PWM1 D5 14 Pan Servo PWM PWM0 D3 20 Ultrasonic Sensor UART TX UART RX GP131 GP130 D1/TX D0/RX UART0 Left LED Digital Output GPIO48 D7 33 Right LED Digital Output GPIO41 D10 51 Buzzer PWM PWM2 D6 0 Brushed DC Motors I2C SCL I2C SDA SDA1 SCL1 I2C1_SDA I2C1_SDL I2C0 The MRAA pin mapping table for Intel® Edison can be found at the link below. http://iotdk.intel.com/docs/master/mraa/edison.html The Romeo schematic can be downloaded from the link below https://github.com/Arduinolibrary/DFRobot_Intel_Edison/blob/master/Romeo%20for%20Edison%20Controller%20Schematic.pdf?raw=true Creating an Intel XDK Project Now that we have discussed the tools used and studied the schematic, we are ready to create a new project in the Intel XDK and start developing code for the robot. To create a new project: Click New Project Button Click Blank Iot Node.js Template Give Name->Click Create Connect to the board Click Upgrade XDK daemon and Update libraries on board Sensor & Actuator Components Implementation Now that we have a new project created and have connected to the board, we are ready to write some code for interfacing to the LEDs, infrared sensor, servo, buzzer, ultrasonic sensor, and brushed dc motor components. MRAA Initialization Initializing the MRAA library in the project is done with the code below. //MRAA Initialization
var m = require("mraa"); Indication LEDs Two indication LEDs are mounted on the front of the robot. For example, these can be used for indication of robot direction, object detection & distance. Initializing the LEDs is done by creating 2 MRAA GPIO objects for MRAA pins 33 and 51. The pins are both set to an OUTPUT with the dir() function with a LOW value by default. var leftLED = new m.Gpio(33);
var rightLED = new m.Gpio(51);
leftLED.dir(m.DIR_OUT_LOW);
rightLED.dir(m.DIR_OUT_LOW); Typical LED functions are to turn on, off, and toggle the LEDs. This can be accomplished with the code below shown for the right LED using the GPIO write() and read() functions. //Turn On
rightLED.write(1);

//Turn Off
rightLED.write(0);

//Toggle
rightLED.write(rightLED.read()^1); Passive Infrared Sensor (PIR) The passive infrared sensor is mounted on the rear of the tank robot and can give indication of movement while the tank is moving backwards. The sensor gives a HIGH indication if there is motion detected or a LOW indication is there is no motion. Initialization for this sensor is similar to the LED that it uses a GPIO object for MRAA pin 38, but the sensor is configured as an INPUT using the dir() function. var pirMotionSensor = new m.Gpio(38);
pirMotionSensor.dir(m.DIR_IN); Detecting motion is also simple by polling the sensor with the function below. Polling the sensor is done using the GPIO read() function. If motion is detected the function returns TRUE, if no motion is detected the function returns FALSE. function isMotionDetected() {
    if (pirMotionSensor.read())
        return true;
    else
        return false;
} Servos The tank contains two servos. The first servo is used for panning an ultrasonic sensor and camera. Panning will allow the tank to look left and right and determine what is in its proximity. The second servo is used for tilting the camera angle up or down. Standard servo interfaces expect a pulse periodically at least every 20ms or 50Hz. The pulse width determines the servo position and is between 1ms-2ms to configure the servo position. For example a 1ms pulse width moves the servo to the 0 degree position, a 1.5ms pulse width moves the servo to the 90 degree neutral position, and a 2ms pulse moves the servo to the 180 degree position. Implementing this is easily accomplished using the pulse width modulation (PWM) peripheral. Initializing the servos is done by creating 2 MRAA PWM objects using MRAA pin 14 for tilt and MRAA pin 20 for pan. The servos period is configured by using the PWM period_us() function that sets up the period in microseconds. After the peripheral is initialized the servos are centered to the neutral position by calling the panCenter() and tiltCenter() functions. var tiltServo = new m.Pwm(14);  //PWM1
var panServo = new m.Pwm(20);   //PWM0
tiltServo.period_us(10000);  //100Hz -> 10ms Period
panServo.period_us(10000);   //100Hz -> 10ms Period
panCenter();
tiltCenter(); Moving the pan servo is accomplished below with functions to panRight(), panLeft(), and panCenter(). The functions configure the pulse width of the PWM peripheral by calling the pulsewidth_us() function and then turning on the peripheral by calling the enable(true) function. A short delay is called with the sleep() function to allow the servo to move and then the peripheral is disabled by calling the enable(false) function. function panRight() {
    panServo.enable(false);
    panServo.pulsewidth_us(1000); //0 degree position
    panServo.enable(true);
    sleep(200);
    panServo.enable(false);
}

function panLeft() {
    panServo.enable(false);
    panServo.pulsewidth_us(2000); //180 degree position
    panServo.enable(true);
    sleep(200);
    panServo.enable(false);
}

function panCenter() {
    panServo.enable(false);
    panServo.pulsewidth_us(1500); //90 degree position
    panServo.enable(true);
    sleep(200);
    panServo.enable(false);
} Moving the tilt servo up or down is a similar task to what we did with the pan servo except that the angles used are different after experimentation to determine what is practical. The functions for tiltUp(), tiltDown(), and tiltCenter() are listed below. function tiltUp() {
    tiltServo.enable(false);
    tiltServo.pulsewidth_us(1250); //45 degree position
    tiltServo.enable(true);
    sleep(200);
    tiltServo.enable(false);
}

function tiltDown() {
    tiltServo.enable(false);
    tiltServo.pulsewidth_us(1750); //135 degree position
    tiltServo.enable(true);
    sleep(200);
    tiltServo.enable(false);
}

function tiltCenter() {
    tiltServo.enable(false);
    tiltServo.pulsewidth_us(1500); //90 degree position
    tiltServo.enable(true);
    sleep(200);
    tiltServo.enable(false);
} Buzzer The tank contains a buzzer that can be used for audible indication of events. For example, as the tank gets close to an object it could sound different notes from the c major scale to indicate its proximity. The buzzer also uses the PWM peripheral so initialization and usage will be similar to what we did with the servos. It is a little different mindset than the servos because we are using the PWM peripheral as a simple digital to analog converter (DAC). Initializing the buzzer is done with a MRAA PWM object on MRAA pin 0. The amplitude is configured with the write() function for configuring the PWM duty cycle and is initialized to 0. The peripheral is disabled by calling the enable(false) function. var buzzer = new m.Pwm(0);  //PWM2
buzzer.write(0.0);  //Duty Cycle
buzzer.enable(false); Creating sounds with the buzzer is accomplished by setting the sound frequency using the period_us() function and then enabling the sound by calling the enable(true) function. Below is an example function for playing one octave of the C major scale that could be used as an indication tone when the robot is initialized. A simple 125ms timer loop that plays a note and increments to the next note over the octave. var state2=0;
var handle2=setInterval(notes,125); //125ms timer loop

function notes() {
    switch (state2){
        
        //C4
        case 0: buzzer.enable(false); buzzer.period_us(3831); buzzer.enable(true); state2++; break;
        
        //D4
        case 1: buzzer.enable(false); buzzer.period_us(3412); buzzer.enable(true); state2++; break;
        
        //E4
        case 2: buzzer.enable(false); buzzer.period_us(3039); buzzer.enable(true); state2++; break;
        
        //F4
        case 3: buzzer.enable(false); buzzer.period_us(2865); buzzer.enable(true); state2++; break;
        
        //G4
        case 4: buzzer.enable(false); buzzer.period_us(2551); buzzer.enable(true); state2++; break;
        
        //A4
        case 5: buzzer.enable(false); buzzer.period_us(2272); buzzer.enable(true); state2++; break;
        
        //B4
        case 6: buzzer.enable(false);buzzer.period_us(2028); buzzer.enable(true);state2++; break;
        
        //C5
        case 7: buzzer.enable(false);buzzer.period_us(1912); buzzer.enable(true);state2++; break;    
        
        //End
        default: clearInterval(handle2); state2=0; buzzer.enable(false); break;
    }
} Ultrasonic Sensor The ultrasonic sensor is used on the robot to determine its distance to an object. It is mounted on the front of the robot and can be panned left and right to look around using the pan servo mentioned earlier. The sensor has 3 different interfaces for gathering the distance data. There is a PWM output, analog output, or UART interface. You can learn more about this sensor at the wiki below which contains useful information about the sensor, its different interfaces, and command protocol. https://www.dfrobot.com/wiki/index.php/URM37_V4.0_Ultrasonic_Sensor_(SKU:SEN0001)#Introduction For our Node.js program the UART interface is used with this sensor to read the distance data. The sensors TXD pin 9 is connected to Intel® Edison RX GP130 and the sensors RXD pin 8 is connected to Intel® Edison TX GP131. Initializing the UART is done by creating a MRAA UART object. The baud rate is set to 9600 bps using the setBaudRate() function, the data mode is setup using the setMode(), and flow control is setup using the setFlowControl() function. In addition, the command buffer is setup for reading the sensor data. The command buffer byte 0 contains the command code, bytes 1&2 are dummy bytes, and byte 3 is a checksum of the packet. var u = new m.Uart(0); //Default
u.setBaudRate(9600);
u.setMode(8,0,1);
u.setFlowcontrol(false, false);
sleep(200);    
var command = new Buffer(4);
command[0] = 0x22;
command[1] = 0x00;
command[2] = 0x00;
command[3] = 0x22; Getting the distance data from the sensor involves sending a command packet out the UART and then receiving the response packet. The function below determines if an object is close given a threshold and returns TRUE or FALSE. The command packet was setup in the initialization above and is sent out the UART by calling the write() function. The response packet is received after a delay and then calling the read() function. The response packet buffer byte 0 is a dummy byte, bytes 1 & 2 are the high and low bytes respectively corresponding to the distance data in cm, and byte 3 is the checksum. To determine if the data is valid the checksum is analyzed and then the data is compared to a threshold passed in. function isObjectClose(threshold) {
    var rxBuf;
    var result;
    u.write(command);
    sleep(200);
    rxBuf = u.read(4);
    sleep(200);
  
    if (rxBuf[3] == (rxBuf[0]+rxBuf[1]+rxBuf[2])) {
        result = (rxBuf[1]<<8) | rxBuf[2];

        if (result < threshold)
            return true;
        else
            return false;
    }

    else
        return true;
} Brushed DC Motors The tank is able to move in a forward, backward, left, or right direction. The robot contains two brushed dc motors that are mounted across from each other on the right and left side of the tank chassis. After reviewing the schematic, you will see that the Romeo board contains a full bridge motor control driver that is connected to an Atmega8* microcontroller. The interface used by Intel® Edison to communicate to the microcontroller is I2C. It is useful to review the code implemented in this microcontroller to learn about the I2C slave address that is programmed and the command interface for controlling the motors. The Intel® Edison is the I2C master and the microcontroller is the I2C slave at address 0x4. You can find more information about the microcontroller code at the link below: https://github.com/ouki-wang/remeo4edison/blob/master/NG/NG.ino See the table below to determine the correlation between tank direction and motor direction Direction: Left Motor Right Motor Forward Counter-Clockwise Counter-Clockwise Backward Clockwise Clockwise Left Counter-Clockwise Clockwise Right Clockwise Counter-Clockwise Initializing the I2C peripheral is done by creating a new MRAA I2C object. The slave address is set by calling the address() function. The command buffer is also initialized and contains a header at bytes 0 & 1. The remaining bytes in the command packet are discussed below. var x = new m.I2c(0);
x.address(4);
var buf = new Buffer(5);
buf[0] = 0x55;  //Header 1
buf[1] = 0xaa;  //Header 2 The function below moves the tank in a forward direction given the 8-bit speed value passed to the function. The function sets up I2C commands to setup the left motor direction, right motor direction, left motor speed, and right motor speed. The remaining command bytes in the command buffer are the command code at byte 2 for doing either a motor direction command or motor speed command, command argument at byte 3 for setting the motor direction value or motor speed value, and a checksum at byte 4. The I2C command is sent by calling the write() function. function tankForward(speed) {
    if (speed > 0xFF)
        speed = 0xFF;

    //Left Motor CounterClockwise
    buf[2] = 0xB1;
    buf[3] = 0x1;
    buf[4] = (buf[0]+buf[1]+buf[2]+buf[3]) & 0xFF;
    x.write(buf);

    //Right Motor CounterClockwise
    buf[2] = 0xB2;
    buf[3] = 0x1;
    buf[4] = (buf[0]+buf[1]+buf[2]+buf[3]) & 0xFF;
    x.write(buf);

    //Left Motor Speed
    buf[2] = 0xC1;
    buf[3] = speed;
    buf[4] = (buf[0]+buf[1]+buf[2]+buf[3]) & 0xFF;
    x.write(buf); 

    //Right Motor Speed
    buf[2] = 0xC2;
    buf[3] = speed;
    buf[4] = (buf[0]+buf[1]+buf[2]+buf[3]) & 0xFF;
    x.write(buf);
} Additional functions are listed below and follow a similar method for moving the tank backwards, left, right, and stop. function tankBackward(speed) {   
    if (speed > 0xFF)
        speed = 0xFF;

    //Left Motor Clockwise
    buf[2] = 0xB1;
    buf[3] = 0x0;
    buf[4] = (buf[0]+buf[1]+buf[2]+buf[3]) & 0xFF;
    x.write(buf);
  

    //Right Motor Clockwise
    buf[2] = 0xB2;
    buf[3] = 0x0;
    buf[4] = (buf[0]+buf[1]+buf[2]+buf[3]) & 0xFF;
    x.write(buf);

    //Left Motor Speed
    buf[2] = 0xC1;
    buf[3] = speed;
    buf[4] = (buf[0]+buf[1]+buf[2]+buf[3]) & 0xFF;
    x.write(buf);


    //Right Motor Speed
    buf[2] = 0xC2;
    buf[3] = speed;
    buf[4] = (buf[0]+buf[1]+buf[2]+buf[3]) & 0xFF;
    x.write(buf);
    sleep(2000);
}

function tankRight() { 
    //Left Motor Clockwise
    buf[2] = 0xB1;
    buf[3] = 0x0;
    buf[4] = (buf[0]+buf[1]+buf[2]+buf[3]) & 0xFF;
    x.write(buf);   

    //Right Motor Counter-Clockwise
    buf[2] = 0xB2;
    buf[3] = 0x1;
    buf[4] = (buf[0]+buf[1]+buf[2]+buf[3]) & 0xFF;
    x.write(buf);

    //Left Motor Speed
    buf[2] = 0xC1;
    buf[3] = 0x90;
    buf[4] = (buf[0]+buf[1]+buf[2]+buf[3]) & 0xFF;
    x.write(buf);

    //Right Motor Speed
    buf[2] = 0xC2;
    buf[3] = 0x90;
    buf[4] = (buf[0]+buf[1]+buf[2]+buf[3]) & 0xFF;
    x.write(buf);
    sleep(2000);
}

function tankLeft() {     
    //Left Motor Counter-Clockwise
    buf[2] = 0xB1;
    buf[3] = 0x1;
    buf[4] = (buf[0]+buf[1]+buf[2]+buf[3]) & 0xFF;
    x.write(buf);


    //Right Motor Clockwise
    buf[2] = 0xB2;
    buf[3] = 0x0;
    buf[4] = (buf[0]+buf[1]+buf[2]+buf[3]) & 0xFF;
    x.write(buf);

    //Left Motor Speed
    buf[2] = 0xC1;
    buf[3] = 0xC0;
    buf[4] = (buf[0]+buf[1]+buf[2]+buf[3]) & 0xFF;
    x.write(buf);

    //Right Motor Speed
    buf[2] = 0xC2;
    buf[3] = 0xC0;
    buf[4] = (buf[0]+buf[1]+buf[2]+buf[3]) & 0xFF;
    x.write(buf);
    sleep(2000);
}

function tankStop() { 
    //Left Motor Speed
    buf[2] = 0xC1;
    buf[3] = 0x0;
    buf[4] = (buf[0]+buf[1]+buf[2]+buf[3]) & 0xFF;
    x.write(buf);

    //Right Motor Speed
    buf[2] = 0xC2;
    buf[3] = 0x0;
    buf[4] = (buf[0]+buf[1]+buf[2]+buf[3]) & 0xFF;
    x.write(buf);
} Autonomous Robot Now that we have built a foundation of functions using the MRAA library for interfacing to the sensors and actuators, we can start to tie it together by creating a state machine that allows the robot to move autonomously and avoid collisions. The concept is that the tank will try and move forward until it detects that an object is close. When an object is close it will attempt to move backwards if there is not motion behind it. The tank will attempt to go left or right to avoid the object and then attempt to go forward again. Please see the flow chart diagrams below that describe movement in the forward, backward, left, and right states and the implementation that follows. Flow Chart Diagrams Implementation var state=0;     //0-forward 1-backward 2-right 3-left
var turnDirection=0; //0-right 1-left

while(1) {
    switch (state) {
        //Forward State
        case 0:
            panCenter();
            if (isObjectClose(10)) {
                state=1;  //Go to Backwards State
            }
            else {
                tankForward(0x7F);
            } 
        break;    

        //Backward  State
        case 1:
                tankStop();
                while (isMotionDetected()) {sleep(100); }
                tankBackward(0x7F);
                tankStop();
                state=2^turnDirection;  //Go to Right or Left State
        break;

        //Right State
        case 2:
            panRight();
            if (isObjectClose(10)) {
               state=1;
            }
            else {
                tankRight();
                tankStop();
                turnDirection ^=1;
                state=0;  //Go to Forward State
            }
        break;          

        //Left State
        case 3:
            panLeft();
            if (isObjectClose(10)) {
               state=1;
            }
            else {
                tankLeft();
                tankStop();
                turnDirection ^=1;
                state=0;  //Go to Forward State
            }   
        break;

        default:
            tankStop();  //Should never get here
        break;
    }
} Summary Using the Intel XDK, we showed how to program a robot wirelessly over WiFi. We discussed how to take a schematic and map out the peripherals & components for use with the MRAA library. We discussed the sensor & actuator components and how to implement the functionality using Node.js and the MRAA library. We concluded by creating an autonomous robot concept with flow charts and implementation. About the author Mike Rylee is a Software Engineer at Intel Corporation with a background in developing embedded systems and apps for Android*, Windows*, iOS*, and Mac*. He currently works on Internet of Things projects. Notices: No license (express or implied, by estoppel or otherwise) to any intellectual property rights is granted by this document. Intel disclaims all express and implied warranties, including without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement, as well as any warranty arising from course of performance, course of dealing, or usage in trade. This document contains information on products, services and/or processes in development. All information provided here is subject to change without notice. Contact your Intel representative to obtain the latest forecast, schedule, specifications and roadmaps. The products and services described may contain defects or errors known as errata which may cause deviations from published specifications. Current characterized errata are available on request. Copies of documents which have an order number and are referenced in this document may be obtained by calling 1-800-548-4725 or by visiting www.intel.com/design/literature.htm. Intel, the Intel logo, and Intel RealSense are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. *Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others **This sample source code is released under the Intel Sample Source Code License Agreement Like SubscribeAdd new commentFlag as spam. © 2016 Intel Corporation. License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States You may know us for our processors. But we do so much more. Intel invents at the boundaries of technology to make amazing experiences possible for business and society, and for every person on Earth. Harnessing the capability of the cloud, the ubiquity of the Internet of Things, the latest advances in memory and programmable solutions, and the promise of always-on 5G connectivity, Intel is disrupting industries and solving global challenges. Leading on policy, diversity, inclusion, education and sustainability, we create value for our stockholders, customers and society. Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Pro Open Source Software: Security Risks and Best Practices Pro Finding Hard-to-Reproduce Bugs with Reverse Debugging Using the Emscripten Compiler with the Intel® XDK Announcing Ubuntu and Wind River Pulsar support with Intel® IoT Developer Kit 5.0 Intel(R) XDK IoT Edition node.js Templates Using the Intel® Edison Module to Control Robots Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161229.1 | Last Updated 21 Dec 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2017 Layout: fixed | fluid
null
null
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 20, 2016December 20, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Intel's Financial Stagnation Microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) had some truly phenomenal years in 2010 and 2011. In 2010, the company rebounded nicely from the Great Recession, enjoying year-over-year revenue growth of 24%,  operating profit growth of 179%, and net income growth of 167%. In 2011, Intel pulled it off again, growing revenue by 24% year over year, all while enjoying robust operating income and net income growth to boot. Of that revenue growth, $3.6 billion came from the integration of McAfee and Intel Mobile Communication, so organic revenue growth was “just” 16%. Since then, though, Intel has suffered from a bad case of financial stagnation. Image source: Intel. Flat revenue and higher operating expenses mean lower profits In 2011, Intel’s full-year revenue came in at $54 billion. In 2012 and 2013, the figure dipped to $53.34 billion and $52.7 billion, respectively. Then, in 2014 and 2015, Intel managed to achieve revenue of $55.87 billion and $55.36 billion, respectively — just beating out its 2011 figure. In other words, Intel’s revenues stagnated during that time. A similar story applies to the company’s gross profit margin percentage. After hitting an astonishing 66% in 2010, this figure hit a high of 63.7% in 2014 and a low of 59.8% in 2013 — also largely range-bound. In contrast to the stagnant revenues and gross profit margin percentage, Intel’s operating expenses have shot straight up. In 2011, Intel’s operating expenses came in at an enormous $16.28 billion. Between then and 2015, that figure climbed to $20.67 billion. It’s no surprise, then, that 2011 represented a multiyear peak in the company’s operating income. How do things get better? Operating income is essentially a function of three variables: revenue, gross profit margin, and operating expenses. Earlier this year, we saw Intel announce a restructuring program designed to reduce operating expenses by $1.4 billion on an annual basis. However, even though the company said it expects to see $750 million in savings this year, the company’s research and development plus marketing, general, and administrative expenses were up from $14.82 billion in the first nine months of 2015 to $15.7 billion in the first nine months of 2016 (5.92% year-over-year). It’s not clear what kind of operating expense growth rate Intel is planning for over the next couple of years, but I don’t think investors can count on seeing Intel stop its spending growth. So, for Intel to start really boosting its financial performance, it’s going to need to do two things: Accelerate revenue growth. Improve its gross profit margin. If Intel can grow its revenue at a pace faster than it grows operating expenses, then that would bode well for the company’s overall profitability. That’s easier said than done, though, as more than half of the company’s revenue still depends on the declining personal computer market. Intel is going to need to continue to stabilize its personal-computer-related revenues while trying to tap new growth opportunities in other, healthier markets. Another way to help boost operating margin would be to grow its gross profit margin percentage. Gross profit margin is a function of the company’s cost of goods sold — how much it costs to manufacture, package, and distribute products — as well as of the selling prices of its products. Intel has said that its long-term gross profit margin percentage goal is between 55% and 65%. Over the past three quarters, on a non-GAAP basis, Intel’s gross profit margin percentage has been running near the high end of that range: Data source: Intel financial statements. The bad news is that there’s not a ton more room left for Intel’s gross margin to grow, assuming it maintains the 55%-65% target range. However, if Intel is able to sharpen its execution further and bring its annual gross profit margin percentages up just a point, it could translate into much-needed operating margin expansion. 10 stocks we like better than Intel When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Intel wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of Nov. 7, 2016 Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious T-Mobile Asks Regulators to Open Up More Licensed Spectrum Next PostNext Ahead of Model 3, Tesla Motors, Inc. Continues to Revamp Its Supercharger Program Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 香港大都會人壽於《指標》財富管理大獎 2016 勇奪8項殊榮 January 3, 2017 Samsung Electronics Unveils Family Hub 2.0 and Smart Built-in Appliances at CES 2017 January 3, 2017 Coast Guard assists disabled vessel in Morris Cove, Conn. January 3, 2017 MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
The Year of SurpriseDemonetisation news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Demonetisation News Home » Consumer Last Modified: Tue, Dec 20 2016. 06 38 PM IST How Apple alienated Mac loyalists The Mac, Apple’s marquee computer, is getting far less attention than it once did inside the company, taking a back seat to other gadgets like the iPhone and iPad Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Mark Gurman A file photo of Apple’s Macbook Air. Photo: Reuters San Francisco: To die-hard fans, Apple Inc.’s Macintosh sometimes seems like an afterthought these days. Mac upgrades, once a frequent ritual, are few and far between. The Mac Pro, Apple’s marquee computer, hasn’t been refreshed since 2013. The affordable and flexible Mac mini was last upgraded in 2014. And when a new machine does roll out, the results are sometimes underwhelming, if not infuriating, to devotees. In October, after more than 500 days without an update, Apple unveiled the new MacBook Pro, with a slimmer design and louder speakers. The laptop garnered mostly favourable reviews from the technology press but grumbles from creative types, a key constituency, who said the device under-performed rival products. Interviews with people familiar with Apple’s inner workings reveal that the Mac is getting far less attention than it once did. They say the Mac team has lost clout with the famed industrial design group led by Jony Ive and the company’s software team. They also describe a lack of clear direction from senior management, departures of key people working on Mac hardware and technical challenges that have delayed the roll-out of new computers. While the Mac generates about 10% of Apple sales, the company can’t afford to alienate professional designers and other business customers. After all, they helped fuel Apple’s revival in the late 1990s. In a stinging critique, Peter Kirn, founder of a website for music and video creators, wrote: “This is a company with no real vision for what its most creative users actually do with their most advanced machines.” If more Mac users switch, the Apple ecosystem will become less sticky—opening the door to people abandoning higher-value products like the iPhone and iPad. People now have more options. Microsoft Corp., once derided by Mac loyalists for its clunky, buggy software, offers Windows 10, which provides the tablet type functionality Apple pioneered with the iPad. Microsoft’s Surface computers offer Apple-esque quality and a well-reviewed creative paint program aimed at the Mac’s audience. Sensing an opportunity, Microsoft called the MacBook Pro a “disappointment” and said more users than ever were switching to its Surface laptops. An Apple spokesman declined to comment. However, the company has said the Macintosh remains one of its most important products and denies it takes a back seat to other gadgets. Four years ago at Apple’s annual developer conference, marketing chief Phil Schiller pledged to keep the computer front and center in the company’s product arsenal. “Nobody turns over their entire line as quickly and completely as we do at Apple,” Schiller said. “We’re really proud of the engineering team and the work they do to do this quick so you can get the exact product you need.” Two years later, the company held a 30th birthday party for the Macintosh, a splashy event that featured a OneRepublic concert at Apple’s Cupertino, California headquarters. The company also created a website celebrating the Mac’s history. To be fair, Apple depends on Intel Corp., which still makes key chips for Macs. Like the rest of the PC industry, Apple’s innovation and product cycles are sometimes constrained by when Intel produces new chips—a process that’s getting more difficult. Making a laptop stand out is also harder these days. But when Apple has tried to leapfrog the competition, it has fallen short. Take the company’s attempt to create a longer-lasting battery for the MacBook Pro. Apple engineers wanted to use higher capacity battery packs shaped to the insides of the laptop versus the standard square cells found in most machines. The design would have boosted battery life. In the run-up to the MacBook Pro’s planned debut this year, the new battery failed a key test, according to a person familiar with the situation. Rather than delay the launch and risk missing the crucial holiday shopping season, Apple decided to revert to an older design. The change required roping in engineers from other teams to finish the job, meaning work on other Macs languished, the person said. The new laptop didn’t represent a game-changing leap in battery performance, and a software bug misrepresented hours of power remaining. Apple has since removed the meter from the top right-hand corner of the screen. In the Mac’s heyday, people working on new models could expect a lot of attention from Ive’s team. Once a week his people would meet with Mac engineers to discuss ongoing projects. Mac engineers brought prototypes to Ive’s studio for review, while his lieutenants would visit the Mac labs to look at early concepts. Those visits have become less frequent since the company began focusing more on more-valuable products like the iPhone and iPad, and the change became even more obvious after the design team’s leadership was shuffled last year, according to a person familiar with the situation. In another sign that the company has prioritized the iPhone, Apple re-organized its software engineering department so there’s no longer a dedicated Mac operating system team. There is now just one team, and most of the engineers are iOS first, giving the people working on the iPhone and iPad more power. That’s part of a broader shift toward making Macs more like iPhones. Apple prioritizes features, like thinness and minimal ports, that sell its iPhones and iPads, which generated about 75% of revenue this year. Those are contrary to professional needs, like maximum computing power. Early prototypes of the 12-inch MacBook used the iPhone’s Lightning connector, although this was ditched for a more standard USB-C port. There was even a gold MacBook Pro planned, but this was shelved because the colour didn’t look good on such a large product. In recent years, Apple managers have also become more likely to float two or more competing ideas, meaning designers and engineers must work on more than one concept at a time. In the past, managers pushed a more singular vision. Engineers are now “asked to develop multiple options in hopes that one of them will be shippable,” a person familiar with the matter said. When the company was developing the first 12-inch MacBook, Apple tested two primary prototypes. One, known internally as Stealth Fighter, was lighter. The second, a slightly less ambitious design known as Stealth Bomber, was heavier. The lighter model prevailed, but with engineers developing and testing two competing concepts, they had less time to figure out how to cram all the electronics into a thin slab of aluminum that would hold together. In the end, Apple shipped the laptop in 2015, months after its 2014 goal. For a 2016 MacBook update, some Apple engineers wanted to add a Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a second USB-C port (which would have made some power users happy). The update instead included a new rose gold color option alongside a standard speed increase. The internal turmoil has taken a toll. More than a dozen engineers and managers working on Mac hardware have left for different Apple teams or other companies in the past year and a half, said people familiar with the situation. Some were looking for a less all-consuming work environment, while others felt the future of Mac hardware was unclear in a world of iPhones and iPads. In 2013, Apple launched a redesigned Mac Pro, a black cylinder with bright white LED lights. It was a powerful desktop machine created partly to cast a halo over the entire Macintosh lineup. The Mac Pro was also the first Apple computer in years to be assembled in the US. Under pressure from politicians to create manufacturing jobs at home, Apple was looking to score political points. The decision caused production headaches though. The Mac Pro’s glossy exterior and chrome beveled edges meant Apple had to make its own manufacturing tools and then train people to run those machines in an assembly plant. This slowed production and constrained Apple’s ability to make enough computers to meet demand. Three years on, the Mac Pro is ripe for an upgrade with its chips and connector ports lagging rival products. Because of the earlier challenges, some Apple engineers have raised the possibility of moving production back to Asia, where it’s cheaper and manufacturers have the required skills for ambitious products, according to a person familiar with those internal discussions. The political environment is tougher for such a move now. During his campaign, President-elect Donald Trump hammered Apple for building most of its products overseas and since his election he has pushed other companies to keep some jobs in the US. Still, Apple hasn’t given up on Macs. In a recent company Q&A session, employees asked whether Mac desktop computers remain strategically important. “We have great desktops in our roadmap. Nobody should worry about that,” chief executive officer Tim Cook said, according to a transcript of the discussion obtained by Bloomberg News. The latest MacBook Pro has a “Touch Bar,” a thin touchscreen built into the keyboard that lets users quickly access app shortcuts, change system settings, and pick emojis. The laptop also has Touch ID to speed up online purchases and a giant trackpad for easier gesture control. Apple designers are already exploring standalone keyboards with the touch strip and a fingerprint reader for desktops. Apple will decide whether to release these based on how well the features do on the MacBook Pro. Mac fans shouldn’t hold their breath for radical new designs in 2017 though. Instead, the company is preparing modest updates: USB-C ports and a new Advanced Micro Devices Inc. graphics processor for the iMac, and minor bumps in processing power for the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro. Cue the outrage. Bloomberg Mark Gurman Topics: Apple MacBookMacintoshMac UpgradesiPhoneiPad More From Livemint READ MORE Solar could beat coal to be the cheapest power on earth Sops only a sentimental boost; rally in cement stocks will soon fizzle Are lending rate cuts a desperate attempt to stoke the dying embers of credit offtake? First Published: Tue, Dec 20 2016. 06 31 PM IST Editor's Picks Narendra Modi: The man who would purify India Demonetisation takes toll on investment, manufacturing Can Budget 2017 provide a push for growth after demonetisation shock? Latest News Solar could beat coal to be the cheapest power on earth Sops only a sentimental boost; rally in cement stocks will soon fizzle Are lending rate cuts a desperate attempt to stoke the dying embers of credit offtake? How much has demonetisation affected the stock market? Opening bell: Asian markets open higher; SBI, Hero Moto, Hathway Cable in news Mint On Sunday The Asian hornet comes to Britain The maiden novels of Indian languages I swear by the stars in the sky, I’m not going to take any shit from anyone Vitas Gerulaitis served an ace of a punchline What the world’s top chefs like to eat at home Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Countdown to 2017 with HEXUS and ARM [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Laptop News 5 Samsung updates its slim and light Notebook 9 line by Mark Tyson on 20 December 2016, 10:01 Tags: Samsung (005935.KS) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qadcf7 Add to My Vault: Samsung has given notice that its Notebook 9 line of Windows 10 PCs have been updated. It claims to have refreshed the 13.3- and 15-inch FHD screened models with "the latest in Notebook technology in a sleek and light design". Standard features of these silver machines are that they are; "impossibly light," feature ultra-thin bezels, and have a durable and rigid construction. As you might expect from a notebook refresh timed such as this, the new Samsung Notebook 9 series pack Intel Kaby Lake processors. With the 13-inch model you have a choice between Core i5 or i7 chips but the 15-incher is ultra-premium all the way with Core i7 only. Both machines use Intel's integrated graphics for display acceleration. Premium displays The respective machines both have FHD IPS displays with colour fidelity quoted as sRGB 95 per cent Delta E<2.5. Outside mode boosts the screens' maximum brightness to 500nits, and for multimedia delights users can use Video HDR mode. The screens open up to a maximum of 180 degrees, folding flat. Beyond the obvious screen size differences and the impact that has on weight and dimensions, Samsung's pair of machines have much of the rest of the specs in common. Speedy PCIe NVMe SSD storage up to 256GB is standard. You can install up to 8GB of dual channel DDR4 RAM (16GB on the i7 machines). Neither of the machines have Ethernet but are wireless only 802.11 ac 2X2 plus Bluetooth 4.1. A 720p webcam is embedded in the screen bezel as is a Dual Array Digital Mic. For sound out both machines are fitted with 1.5W x2 stereo speakers. Other ports are as follows; 2XUSB 3.0, 1XUSB-C, HDMI, MicroSD, HP/Mic - but the 15-inch model has an additional USB 2.0 port. Windows Hello, fast charging, backlit keyboards… Samsung has equipped 1.5mm stroke, backlit, curved keycap keyboards as standard and whatever model you choose there's a finger print sensor (with support for Windows Hello). The 30Whr batteries these notebooks are equipped with are fast charging compatible and Samsung quotes a time of 80 mins for a full recharge or 2.1 hours of use from a 20 minute charge. Overall, either notebook should run for approx 7 hours on a charge. Spare batteries can be charged while out of the machine and Samsung notes that the supplied 45W power adaptors are "small". Compact and light Last but not least these refreshed Windows 10 notebooks offer excellent portability. The 13.3-inch model weighs only 816g, and measures 309.4 x 208 x 13.9mm. Samsung's 15-inch model isn't a lot heavier at 985g, and measures 347.9 x 229.4 x 14.9mm. Availability and pricing details are likely to be revealed at CES 2017, in a couple of weeks. Related Reading 9 Asus ROG readying a GTX 1080 laptop that’s less than 17mm thick The slim new GX501 sports a 15.6-inch 4K UHD screen with Nvidia G-Sync support. 3 Microsoft Surface Pro 5 planned for Q1 2017 says report Device will sport UltraHD display and be made by Pegatron Technology. 0 Lenovo announces Windows 10 Signature Kaby Lake laptops Nine new laptops join the ThinkPad T-Series, L-Series, X-Series, and Yoga-Series. Dell updates XPS 15 laptop with Kaby Lake CPU and Pascal GPU Samsung CH711 Quantum Dot curved monitor coming to CES MSI enters gaming monitor market with the Optix G27C Samsung Galaxy S8 front to be almost bezel-less says Bloomberg Gaming monitor market to get more competitive next year HEXUS Forums :: 5 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by mud_z - Tue 20 Dec 2016 15:32 Don't bother buying samsung's #### laptops.. They do not have sense to create an efficient laptop just know how to assemble things.. I have one of there NP550P5C-S05 Laptop. Apart from i7 3630qm and JBL speakers everything is #### i.e. Poor heat flow design, dead spots, very weak body material & hinge design, worst keyboard, #### after sales service, very very poor driver (update) support.. they just follow assemble, sell and forget trend. mud_z Posted by cflymo - Tue 20 Dec 2016 16:00 An excess of crapware as well no doubt. Wish I'd never advised my wife to buy one a couple of years back. Posted by OilSheikh - Tue 20 Dec 2016 19:15 I thought Samsung had stopped making laptops. What's this then ? Posted by jimbouk - Tue 20 Dec 2016 20:45 My first thought from the picture was ‘Chromebook’! Posted by chj - Wed 21 Dec 2016 10:57 Nice specs though aside from lack of ethernet port, probably not vital but would feel better having one. MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to beyond 7GHz 9 2 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 3 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 4 Cryptic rumour points to air cooled AMD Ryzen hitting 5GHz 9 5 Taiwanese motherboard makers optimistic about AMD Ryzen 6 1 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 2 Day 13: Win an iiyama G-Master 4K monitor 19 3 Festive greetings from all at HEXUS 19 4 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 5 Day 16: Win a Zotac Zbox and Pimax VR 15 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 Aerocool Targets Gamers and RGB Enthusiasts at CES 2017 2 Samsung introduces the stylish, powerful and practical Galaxy A 3 Experience 10 Years of ZOTAC Design and Engineering Excellence at CES 2017 4 Thecus launches two new Windows Storage Server Rackmount NAS 5 PQI into Fingerprint ID Application Market 6 Samsung to Introduce New Quantum Dot Curved Monitor at CES 2017 INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,944 Forum posts: 2,563,248 Forum threads: 247,030 Currently active users: 299 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 1185 99 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Drones dazzle at Disney World in a new holiday show Christmas is in the air - literally - at Disney Springs this holiday season. Post to Facebook Drones dazzle at Disney World in a new holiday show Christmas is in the air - literally - at Disney Springs this holiday season.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2iaY1X7 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Drones dazzle at Disney World in a new holiday show Arthur Levine, Special for USA TODAY 7:46 a.m. EST December 20, 2016 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Check out this innovative holiday show at Disney Springs that involves 300 drones lighting up the sky, all synchronized to holiday music! USA TODAY NETWORK Alfredo Ayala, principal lead, research and development for Walt Disney Imagineering and one of the show's designers,says that his team originally animated the word, "peace," but later removed it. The dove, the Imagineers figured, transcends language and culture. "We have the symbol of peace," notes Ayala. "What better way to show it than from the stars themselves – from the universe?" (Photo: Matt Stroshane, Disney) Drones are being used for military purposes along with aerial photography and video, and, by many accounts, will soon be used for shipping. There's another application for the lightweight, unmanned flying devices that you might not have considered: entertainment. It will probably be a few years before an Amazon drone delivers a Christmas list item to your door, but at Disney World the future for drone entertainment is now. On November 16, the resort introduced Starbright Holidays in collaboration with Intel. The drone show is being presented twice nightly at 7 p.m. and 8:30 p.m. through January 8 over the lagoon between Disney Springs (previously known as Downtown Disney) and Disney's Saratoga Springs hotel. Admission as well as parking is free at Disney Springs, and the show is complimentary for all guests. The best place to view Starbright Holidays is behind Bongos Cuban Café in the Westside neighborhood of the shopping, dining, and entertainment complex. The presentation begins with a few bars of "When You Wish Upon a Star" followed by the appearance of twinkling lights above you in the night sky. Holiday favorites such as "We Wish You a Merry Christmas" and "O Christmas Tree" play as the drones reform and light, a few at a time, into the unmistakable shape of a Christmas tree. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Starbright Holidays brings drones to Disney World  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. On November 16, the Disney World resort introduced Starbright Holidays in collaboration with Intel. The drone show is being presented twice nightly at 7 p.m. and 8:30 p.m. through January 8 over the lagoon between Disney Springs (previously known as Downtown Disney) and Disney's Saratoga Springs hotel.  Intel Corporation Fullscreen Incorporating a fleet of 300 drones, Starbright Holidays marks the first show of such scale in the USA. Intel's Shooting Star drones are made of Styrofoam and plastic and weigh a little more than half a pound. They are outfitted with LED lights that are capable of over 4 billion color combinations.  Intel Corporation Fullscreen The presentation begins with a few bars of "When You Wish Upon a Star" followed by the appearance of twinkling lights above you in the night sky.Holiday favorites such as "We Wish You a Merry Christmas" and "O Christmas Tree" play as the drones reform and light, a few at a time, into the unmistakable shape of a Christmas tree.  Matt Stroshane, Disney Fullscreen For Starbright Holidays' finale, the drones form a dove. With the music swelling, the sequence packs an emotional punch.  David Roark, Disney Fullscreen Alfredo Ayala, principal lead, research and development for Walt Disney Imagineering and one of the show's designers,says that his team originally animated the word, "peace," but later removed it. The dove, the Imagineers figured, transcends language and culture. "We have the symbol of peace," notes Ayala. "What better way to show it than from the stars themselves – from the universe?"  Matt Stroshane, Disney Fullscreen The Starbright show is among a number of holiday offerings at the recently expanded Disney Springs.  Todd Anderson, Disney Fullscreen Holiday-themed entertainment, including a dance party, carolers, and snowflake stilt walkers, is available throughout the sprawling complex.  Kent Phillips, Disney Fullscreen A cute Christmas Tree Trail features over a dozen bedecked trees sporting themes such as Disney villains, "Beauty and the Beast," and (of course) "Frozen."  Todd Anderson, Disney Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 8 2 of 8 3 of 8 4 of 8 5 of 8 6 of 8 7 of 8 8 of 8 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Unlike nighttime shows that incorporate two-dimensional projections, drone-based objects can have a sense of depth. And unlike fireworks, the drones can maintain their luminosity and integrity. It is a bit startling to see the elegant Starbright Holidays Christmas tree take shape and slowly rotate some 400 feet in the air. "These drones are a new way of expression and of telling stories," says Alfredo Ayala, principal lead, research and development for Walt Disney Imagineering and one of the show's designers. The Mouse's creative team has been exploring entertainment drone technology for a few years. It started a project called Flixels (floating pixels) and has been petitioning the FAA to ease its regulations so it could showcase drones at its resorts in the USA. In early November, the FAA granted Disney the necessary waivers. Incorporating a fleet of 300 drones, Starbright Holidays marks the first show of such scale in the USA. Intel's Shooting Star drones are made of Styrofoam and plastic and weigh a little more than half a pound. They are outfitted with LED lights that are capable of over 4 billion color combinations. The five-minute show is on the short side, but its duration is dictated by the limits of the drones' batteries. They have a capacity of 20 minutes, but need to make their way (at a maximum speed of about 22 mph) from and back to a staging area at the far end of Disney Springs. According to Anil Nanduri, vice president of Intel's New Technology Group, his company not only crafted the drones but also built the tools to automate their formation and flow and to create animations. "When we collaborated with Disney, we said that we have the technology that can unleash their creativity." For Starbright Holidays' finale, the drones form a dove. With the music swelling, the sequence packs an emotional punch. Disney's Ayala says that his team originally animated the word, "peace," but later removed it. The dove, the Imagineers figured, transcends language and culture. "We have the symbol of peace," notes Ayala. "What better way to show it than from the stars themselves – from the universe?" The Starbright show is among a number of holiday offerings at the recently expanded Disney Springs. For example, a cute Christmas Tree Trail features over a dozen bedecked trees sporting themes such as Disney villains, Beauty and the Beast, and (of course) Frozen. Holiday-themed entertainment, including a dance party, carolers, and snowflake stilt walkers, is available throughout the sprawling complex. It's fascinating to see an art form in its relative infancy and speculate where it may lead. For example, perhaps Disney and others will mix drones along with projections, lasers, pyrotechnics, and other media for even more spectacular nighttime spectaculars. Or maybe they could be used as aerial accompaniment in parades or other daytime shows. "Imagineering is where art and science come together," Ayala says. As drone science evolves, it will surely unleash more artistry.   1185 CONNECTTWEET 99 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2iaY1X7 NEVER MISS OUT Travel Make your next trip unforgettable. Get travel tips, trends and inspiration to help you make the most of your travels, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Travel NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,327 Reviews & Articles | 53,559 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: MSI GeForce 1050 GAMING X 2G Video Card (Give Feedback & Win!) TRENDING NOW: New Call of Duty Vietnam game teased by Sledgehammer Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets AMD's next-gen Ryzen benched against 7700K and 6900K AMD's next-gen Ryzen CPU benchmarked against Intel's latest Core i7-7700K processor By: Anthony Garreffa | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: Dec 19, 2016 11:27 pm Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA AMD teased their next-generation CPU architecture not too long ago at their annual AMD Tech Summit 2016 event in Sonoma, California - benchmarking the new 8-core/16-thread version of the Summit Ridge platform, better known as Ryzen.     Now we have some new benchmarks that have been leaked, with Cinebench R15 results that pit Ryzen against Intel's new Kaby Lake-based Core i7-7700K processor.     AMD's new Ryzen CPU clocked at 3.4GHz (it will be faster than this when it launches) against the Core i7-7700K, with Ryzen coming out on top - but a fair margin, too. This is to be expected however, as the 7700K is a 4-core/8-thread CPU against the 8-core/16-thread Ryzen CPU.   Cinebench R15 results:   AMD Ryzen - 1188 Core i7-7700K - 966 Core i7-7700K @ 5GHz - 1083 Core i7-6900K - 1500 Core i7-6950X - 1800   Next up we have some Fritz Chess benchmark results, with Ryzen hitting 36.86 points and 17,693 Kilo Nodes per second. Comparing this to the Core i7-7700K which scores 35.52 points and 17,049 - the Core i7-6900K which scores 22,500 and the Core i7-6950X with 24,000+ points.     AMD has a while to go yet before it can slam those CPUs - but remember, Ryzen is clocked at just 3.4GHz for now... things will change when we pass 4GHz, and 4.5GHz, and so on.   Fritz Chess Relative Score:   AMD Ryzen - 36.86 Core i7-7700K - 35.52 Core i7-7700K @ 5GHz - 41.44 Core i7-6900K - 47.80 Core i7-6950X - 51.50     What Does It All Mean?!   AMD doesn't need to market their highest-end Ryzen CPU against Intel's enthusiast range of processors that cost $1000 - unless it can reach $1000+ of equivalent Intel performance. But, comparing it against the more mainstream Core i7-7700K and pricing it in the same bracket, will crush Intel in a big way.     Right now, Ryzen is being held back at 3.4GHz - so it will be an interesting next few months as AMD continues to tune and refine Ryzen before its launch in March 2017. NEWS SOURCES:Wccftech.com Recommended for You AMD's new Ryzen CPU could hit 5GHz, even when air-... AMD's Zen CPU is killing Intel on Google searches Intel to unveil Skylake-X, Kaby Lake-X at Gamescom... Intel's new Core i3 hits 4.2GHz, beats last-gen Core... >> NEXT STORY: Resident Evil 7 'borderline photorealistic' on PS4 Pro << PREVIOUS STORY: Facebook rolls out Group Video Chat in Messenger Related Tags AMD Intel Ryzen AMD Ryzen AMD Ryzen benchmark Core i7-7700K 7700K Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Dell's new XPS 13 is a surprise 2-in-1 foldable tablet Nintendo Switch and Wii U third party partners compared Liberty City is coming to GTA V thanks to new mod CNN demonstrates Russian hacking with Fallout 3 pic Prey developer promises PC version is 'really flawless'View More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Amped Wireless Apollo Pro Long Range HD Camera Review Lost mac adress after downgrading bios from f20 to f8 z170x g7 Marvell-based PCIe SSD card (AHCI) not detected on Z77X-U5DH Asus K53SD black screen How do I print wirelessly with my wireless router + multiple computers?View More Forum Posts Press Releases Das Keyboard to demo the world's first cloud-connected keyboard at CES 2017 Samsung unveils CH711 curved quantum-dot monitor SK Hynix to construct a cutting-edge NAND flash FAB in Cheongju MSI and Phanteks launch new front USB 3.1 Type-C solutions ViewSonic reveals the VP2771 27-inch monitor with SuperClear IPS panelView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 1 Way ARM Threatens Intel's Data Center Business Giving Intel's largest customers the tools to roll their own chips could be disruptive. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Dec 20, 2016 at 10:43AM For years, investors and analysts have wondered about the potential impact of ARM-based servers on Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) dominance of the server microprocessor market. ARM itself recently predicted that, by 2020, its partners would be able to capture roughly 25% of the total server processor market -- up from approximately 0% of the market in 2016. Even though ARM-based servers don't appear to have gained much steam over the past several years, it's very important that Intel not assume it has nothing to worry about.  Indeed, even if Intel can outpace its fellow merchant processor suppliers -- Qualcomm (NASDAQ: QCOM) and Cavium (NASDAQ: CAVM) seem to be emerging as the front-runners in the merchant ARM server processor market -- there's still another threat that Intel needs to deal with: in-house chips produced by Intel's major customers. Image source: Intel.  The true threat of ARM ARM does not design and sell complete chip designs. What it does is produce key intellectual properties that licensees can draw upon to put together chips that are then built by third-party contract manufacturers such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. Ltd. (NYSE: TSM). These intellectual properties include instruction set architectures, processor cores, interconnect technologies, physical IP, and other key ingredients required to build competent chips. What this allows Intel's current customers to do is to license the technologies that they don't want to build themselves, build differentiating technologies in-house without needing to reinvent the wheel, and then integrate all of that into a chip customized to that customer's exact needs. Of course, building server-grade processors is no trivial task, but if ARM is able to do a lot of the heavy lifting, doing so could go from "too hard" to "feasible." Indeed, it's important to remember that some of Intel's top cloud server customers, such as Facebook (NASDAQ: FB), Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOGL) (NASDAQ: GOOG), and Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT), are much larger than Intel and have the deep pockets required to get it done -- if it makes sense for them to do so. How Intel can respond The bad news is that Intel's biggest customers probably have the wherewithal to invest in building their own chips if there is a long-term total cost of ownership (TCO) benefit to doing so. The good news is that it's probably only Intel's biggest customers with the necessary scale to justify custom chips; it'd be very hard for smaller customers to make the economic case for building their own chips. Even if they tried to do so anyway, their odds of success may be much lower than it would be for one of the larger companies. For Intel to minimize the threat of having major cloud service providers build their own chips, Intel needs to deliver products with lower TCOs than what those cloud-service providers could build themselves. That means having the most power-efficient processor and chip architectures, the most power-efficient chip manufacturing technologies, and the ability to build processors to meet its large customers' exact needs. More specifically, Intel needs to build better server-grade CPU cores and related intellectual properties than ARM can; create better manufacturing technologies in terms of performance, power, and area than what TSMC, the leading contract chip manufacturer, can; and foster a robust product development methodology that allows Intel to rapidly design custom chips that stitch together Intel's in-house technologies and potentially third-party technologies. Intel's continued increases in research and development spending related to its data center group suggest that the company is investing heavily to be able to achieve all that I've outlined here. We'll see over the next five years just how effective Intel will be at keeping its large customers from wanting to roll their own chips. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends GOOG, GOOGL, FB, and QCOM. The Motley Fool owns shares of MSFT. The Motley Fool recommends INTC. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Dec 20, 2016 at 10:43AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.29 down $0.37 (-1.01%) Read More Ignore Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.: Here Are 2 Better Stocks 5 Reasons Advanced Micro Devices Inc. Stock Could Rise in 2017 Intel's Next-Generation Server Processors Will Be Built on 10-Nanometer Tech Intel Corporation's Huge Bet on the Data Center Intel's New Sales Strategy for the Internet of Things Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 1 Way ARM Threatens Intel's Data Center Business #stocks $INTC
Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events Upcoming events View all events Resources Resources Reseller News Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign In Existing Member Username Password Forgot password? Join Reseller News Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC Intel's Joule now supports Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 21 December, 2016 03:11 - - - - print email Comments If you want a PC with Ubuntu Linux, you can turn to Intel's Joule single-board computer instead of buying an expensive machine. Support for Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS has been added to the Joule board, according to developer notes for Intel IoT Developer Kit 5.0 released late last week. Intel has two Joule boards: the 570x, which sells for $219 on Mouser, and the 550x, which is priced at $179 on the same retail site. The 550x, which started shipping recently, was priced at $349 until Monday, but was cut in half after a story by the IDG News Service pointed out the unusually high price. The Joule boards are like Raspberry Pi 3, with all major components crammed on a circuit board. But Joule is tricked out with recently released components, memory and storage, making it the fastest board computer in its class. The Joule boards have the latest Atom processors based on the Broxton architecture, GPUs capable of 4K video capture, 802.11ac Wi-Fi, LPDDR4 memory, USB 3.0 ports and internal storage up to 8GB. Raspberry Pi 3 has an ARM processor, no internal storage, USB 2.0, 1080p graphics processor and slower memory and Wi-Fi. Intel designed the Joule board for the development of robots, drones and smart devices requiring heavy processing power. But like Raspberry Pi 3, which is also being used as a PC, the Joule is powerful enough to be a low-end PC or server. The Three Hallmarks of a Great Channel Program More from Lenovo Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the New Zealand Reseller News newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next ​Vodafone NZ seals multi-million dollar mobile deal with healthAlliance New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile Top 50 defining moments of the New Zealand channel in 2016 Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Top 50 defining moments of the New Zealand channel in 2016 Reseller News looks back on a tumultuous 12 months for the New Zealand channel, assessing the fallout from a year of sizeable industry change. Whether it be local or global mergers and acquisitions, distribution deals or job changes, the channel that started the year differs somewhat to the one set to finish it - Reseller News assesses the key moments that made 2016.​ Top 50 defining moments of the New Zealand channel in 2016 ​Hewlett Packard Enterprise honours high achieving NZ channel Hewlett Packard Enterprise honoured its top performing Kiwi partners at the second running of its HPE Partner Awards in New Zealand, held at a glitzy ceremony in Auckland. Recognising excellence across eight categories - from distributors to resellers - the tech giant celebrated its first year as a standalone company, following its official split from HP in 2015. ​Hewlett Packard Enterprise honours high achieving NZ channel Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise Nutanix recently took to the seas for a Christmas Cruise around Sydney Harbour with its Australia and New Zealand staff, customers and partners to celebrate a stellar year for the vendor. With the sun out, they were all smiles and mingled over drinks and food. Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise Related Whitepapers How to Sell Disaster Recovery How to Plan For Disaster Recovery D-Link Case Study: TAFE Improves Security with a Powerful HD Surveillance Solution Natural Disaster Survival Guide For Businesses Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ​Channel chomping at the bit as Internet of Things investment rises   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Computerworld New Zealand Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 11:15AM ​Smartphone battleground shifts as virtual personal assistants accelerate 05:00AM Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' 03:18AM Millennials push for public cloud, innovation Dec 30 ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? More News Top 50 defining moments of the New Zealand channel in 2016 ​Why the channel must get to know the Chief Data Officer View all events Women in ICT NZ Women in ICT NZ Reseller News After Hours Reseller News After Hours Reseller News Industry Awards Industry Awards EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Popping the top on Core i7-7700Ks could lead to big load temp decreases by Zak Killian  9:00 AM on December 20, 2016 It seems Intel's upcoming Kaby Lake processors will continue the tradition of using thermal compound rather than solder or liquid metal under the integrated heatspreader. Over at the Anandtech forums, users "Chrisch" and "RichUK" have popped the tops on purported samples of Intel's Core i7-7700K processors to apply aftermarket thermal compound with great success. Chrisch achieved 5 GHz with his popped chip, while RichUK got 5.3 GHz out of his. That's a pretty nice step up from the chip's rumored 4.2 GHz base and 4.5 GHz Turbo speeds. After delidding their CPUs, both RichUK and Chrisch saw drops in max core temperature on the order of 25° C, too. RichUK says that after a pass of Intel Burn Test at 5.1 GHz with a 1.376V core voltage, his core temperature never exceeded 72° C.  Forum user Chrisch's delidded Core i7-7700K Previous reports of overclocking the Core i7-7700K—a CPU that has still not actually been released—were a little underwhelming. Most sites that have gotten their hands on samples have come back with relatively meager results and scorching temperatures. Tom's Hardware hit a wall at 4.8 GHz, while Bit-tech.net got a better sample and managed to hit 5.1 GHz. Bit-tech's testers reported that the CPU core was edging past 90° C at full tilt. As it happens, the 7700K may be subject to the same air-gap lottery that some enthusiasts have observed in Intel's unsoldered desktop processors since Ivy Bridge. On the older chips, those folks have found that temperatures can vary wildly from one CPU to the next because of variances in heat transfer between the CPU die and the heatspreader. These variances are caused during assembly. Some speculate that during Intel's final packaging step, it's possible to end up with too much of the glue that holds the heatspreader to the CPU package during final assembly. When that material expands, it can push the heatspreader ever so slightly up off the CPU die. This makes an air gap, and that means less-effective thermal transfer between the CPU die and the heatspreader. Your newswriter here delidded his Core i7-4790K a while back and saw only a 15° C reduction in peak load temperatures, but the rumored Kaby Lake Core i7-7700K is a more thermally-dense chip, and it may not benefit from the purportedly-upgraded thermal compound of the Devil's Canyon CPUs. Of course, delidding is dangerous stuff without the proper tools. Overclocking like this also takes some high-powered cooling hardware. RichUK is using an NZXT Kraken X62 280-mm all-in-one liquid cooler. For folks looking to get the most out of Intel's rumored i7-7700Ks, extreme measures like these may be necessary. Tags: CPUs Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookLog In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop PC World > News > This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu... This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC Intel's Joule now supports Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS Agam Shah (IDG News Service) on 21 December, 2016 03:11 0 - - - - print email If you want a PC with Ubuntu Linux, you can turn to Intel's Joule single-board computer instead of buying an expensive machine. Support for Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS has been added to the Joule board, according to developer notes for Intel IoT Developer Kit 5.0 released late last week. Intel has two Joule boards: the 570x, which sells for $219 on Mouser, and the 550x, which is priced at $179 on the same retail site. The 550x, which started shipping recently, was priced at $349 until Monday, but was cut in half after a story by the IDG News Service pointed out the unusually high price. The Joule boards are like Raspberry Pi 3, with all major components crammed on a circuit board. But Joule is tricked out with recently released components, memory and storage, making it the fastest board computer in its class. The Joule boards have the latest Atom processors based on the Broxton architecture, GPUs capable of 4K video capture, 802.11ac Wi-Fi, LPDDR4 memory, USB 3.0 ports and internal storage up to 8GB. Raspberry Pi 3 has an ARM processor, no internal storage, USB 2.0, 1080p graphics processor and slower memory and Wi-Fi. Intel designed the Joule board for the development of robots, drones and smart devices requiring heavy processing power. But like Raspberry Pi 3, which is also being used as a PC, the Joule is powerful enough to be a low-end PC or server. Competition: Win a Crucial Ballistix Elite 32GB Kit (4 x 8GB) DDR4-3000 UDIMM valued at $399.95 More from Ballistix Join the PC World newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Agam Shah IDG News Service Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Cool Tech GS63VR Stealth Pro Learn more > Nighthawk X10 Learn more > 360Fly 4K Camera Learn more > Crucial Ballistix Elite 32GB Kit (4 x 8GB) DDR4-3000 UDIMM Learn more > Garmin fenix Chronos Learn more > Gadgets & Things Crucial® MX300 Solid State Drive Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1000x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards Learn more > Google Daydream View Learn more > Arlo Smart Home Security Cameras Learn more > Ehang 184 Learn more > Family Friendly Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Orbi WiFi System Learn more > Google Pixel XL Learn more > Parrot Mambo Drone Learn more > VR ONE 6RE-013AU Learn more > Stocking Stuffer Plox Star Wars Death Star Levitating Bluetooth Speaker Learn more > Brother PocketJet Printer Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20i flash drive  Learn more > Clamcase for iPad Pro 9.7-inch Learn more > 3SIXT HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Christmas Gift Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Finally! LG OLED TV 2016 range review 2 ​Huawei Nova Plus smartphone review 3 ​Google Daydream View VR full, in-depth review 4 ​Google Pixel XL full, in-depth smartphone review: Phones just got smarter 5 Apple iPhone 7 Plus review: including Portrait Mode Latest News Articles ​A changing climate creates opportunities for IT Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 New AMD Radeon website counts down to Vega graphics card architecture preview Jack Dorsey asks users how to improve Twitter Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Simon Harriott STYLISTIC Q702 My first impression after unboxing the Q702 is that it is a nice looking unit. Styling is somewhat minimalist but very effective. The tablet part, once detached, has a nice weight, and no buttons or switches are located in awkward or intrusive positions. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content Connected Toys Can Breach Security The top 10 best and worst tech gadgets and products of 2016 TV of the year award 2016 What's the difference between an Intel Core i3, i5 and i7? Laser vs. inkjet printers: which is better? Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTChief Architect - Public SectorACT CCSenior Software Engineer/ArchitectVIC FTTechnical Consultant MS Dynamics AXNSW FTBusiness Development ManagerQLD FTAccount Delivery LeadNSW CCSenior Business AnalystVIC CCFIS Connex Developer (Brisbane Based)VIC FTMicrosoft Dynamics AX Finance ConsultantWA CCSenior Application Specialist (Cerner)QLD FTJunior-Mid Level Implementation CoordinatorQLD FTJava DeveloperNSW CCApplication Specialist (Cerner) - Brisbane basedOther FTProduction control - batch schedulingNSW FTAngular DeveloperSA CCITCM Technical Specialist - SydneyNSW FTLife/400 Developers / Programmers - Permanent - North Ryde areaNSW CCPrincipal Project ManagerNSW CCSenior System EngineerNSW FTTeam Leader Cloud & Cyber SecurityNSW TPProject Manager - HealthQLD TPSenior Systems AnalystVIC FTChief Security Officer l CISSP l ISO27001VIC TPBusiness AnalystQLD TPSoftware Engineer - C++QLD CCSenior Infrastructure ArchitectVIC Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point computerworld.com.au Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? arnnet.com.au Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Username Password Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Home Contact Us Editorial & Research Privacy Policy Terms Home Business Technology Markets Internet Earnings About Editorial & Research Contact Us Advertising Locations Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) shipping new single-board Joule 550x Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) is now shipping a new single-board computer, the Joule 550x, that will challenge the dominance of Raspberry Pi. The board was announced in August but didn’t ship right away. The Joule 550x is a full-fledged computer on a small circuit board, and it packs more horsepower and graphics capabilities than the Raspberry Pi 3. On last trading day, Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) traded 18.69 Million shares and was closed at $36.89 per share. Company stock is -3.10% away from its one year high and is moving 36.47% ahead of its one year low. Stock monthly performance is recorded as 5.34% while its performance in last one week is 2.56%. INTC quarterly performance is 0.08% while firm’s price to sale ratio is 3.06 and price to book ratio is 2.77. Analyst’s Analysis on Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) Number of analysts are eying on this stock and after detailed observation, they have given the stock mean target price of $39.82 while their mean recommendation is 2.20 (1=Buy, 5=sell). The consensus recommendation by Thomson Reuters analysts is Outperform and their mean rating for the stock is 2.10 on scale of 1-5. MainSource Financial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:MSFG) announced that it has entered into a definitive merger agreement to acquire all of the common stock of FCB Bancorp, Inc. (“FCB”) in a cash and stock transaction valued at approximately $56.9 million. MainSource Financial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:MSFG) shares moved to $32.62 on Monday. The weekly volatility of MSFG is 2.87% and monthly volatility is 2.89%. Its weekly performance is 0.40% while year to date (YTD) performance is 46.23%. What Analysts Say About MainSource Financial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:MSFG) Stock has got outperform rating from 2 analysts of Thomson Reuters whereas 1 analyst given hold rating to the stock. Analyst’s mean target price for the firm is $29.13 while analysts mean recommendation is 2.00. On last trading day, Harmony Gold Mining Co. (ADR) (NYSE:HMY) traded 6.15 Million shares and was closed at $1.95 per share. Company stock is -59.53% away from its one year high and is moving 159.30% ahead of its one year low. Stock monthly performance is recorded as -22.00% while its performance in last one week is -5.34%. HMY quarterly performance is -42.14% while firm’s price to sale ratio is 0.86 and price to book ratio is 0.42. Analyst’s Analysis on Harmony Gold Mining Co. (ADR) (NYSE:HMY) Number of analysts are eying on this stock, and after detailed observation, they have given the stock mean target price of $3.70 while their mean recommendation is 2.70 (1=Buy, 5=sell). The consensus recommendation by Thomson Reuters Analysts is Hold for HMY and their mean rating for the stock is 2.67 on scale of 1-5. KeyCorp (NYSE:KEY) shares moved to $18.17 after starting the day at $18.06 on Monday. The weekly volatility of KEY is 2.87% and monthly volatility is 2.20%. Firm weekly performance is -0.16% while year to date (YTD) performance is 41.36%. Company net profit margin stands at 26.10%. This year company’s Earnings per Share (EPS) growth is 1.20% and next year’s estimated EPS growth is 18.17%. What Analysts Say About KeyCorp (NYSE:KEY) Stock has got outperform rating from 9 analysts of Thomson Reuters whereas 11 analysts given hold rating to the stock. Analyst’s mean target price for KEY is $17.44 while analysts mean recommendation is 2.30. About James Conlon View all posts by James Conlon → Active Watch List: Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (NYSE:VRX), UQM Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:UQM), KeyCorp (NYSE:KEY), Kinder Morgan, Inc. (NYSE:KMI) January 2, 2017 Brodsky & Smith, LLC declares investigation of directors of Harman International Industries, Incorporated (NYSE:HAR) January 2, 2017 Trader’s Watch List: Neothetics, Inc. (NASDAQ:NEOT), 3M Company (NYSE:MMM), KeyCorp (NYSE:KEY), ICICI Bank Limited (NYSE:IBN) January 2, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Recent Popular Comments Analyst’s Views: STMicroelectronics NV (NYSE... January 2, 2017 Top Morning News: Ares Capital Corporation (NASDAQ... January 2, 2017 Active Watch List: Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl In... January 2, 2017 Trader’s Watch List: Neothetics, Inc. (NASDA... January 2, 2017 Brodsky & Smith, LLC declares investigation of... January 2, 2017 Considerable Analyst’s Ratings: PayPal Holdings, I... January 2, 2017 Top Morning News: Groupon, Inc. (NASDAQ:GRPN), The... November 27, 2016 1 Toyota Motor Corporation (NYSE:TM) chief shifts ge... December 1, 2016 1 3D Systems (NYSE:DDD)’s board approved changes to ... December 29, 2016 1 Afterhours Decliners: Urban Outfitters Inc. (NASDA... November 23, 2016 Analyst’s Views: STMicroelectronics NV (NYSE... January 2, 2017 Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) accused of authoring cens... November 23, 2016 James McRitchie Victory at DDD for wife's proxy access proposal. December 29, 2016 RobSez My question is, are consumers going to be eager t... December 2, 2016 Bobi The consumer demand for automotive innovation wil... December 1, 2016 William Research released on Saturday by Adobe Digital In... November 27, 2016 Terri Delfino I believe you meant to attribute this article to ... November 21, 2016 Benito Gonzalez Hogwash. AVXS is a worthless stock. Read the re... November 21, 2016 ©2016 Benchmark Monitor
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events Upcoming events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Deals Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Username Password Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC Intel's Joule now supports Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 21 December, 2016 03:11 - - - - print email Distributors BMS Technology Dicker Data Impact Systems Technology Ingram Micro Australia Leader Computers Synnex Comments If you want a PC with Ubuntu Linux, you can turn to Intel's Joule single-board computer instead of buying an expensive machine. Support for Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS has been added to the Joule board, according to developer notes for Intel IoT Developer Kit 5.0 released late last week. Intel has two Joule boards: the 570x, which sells for $219 on Mouser, and the 550x, which is priced at $179 on the same retail site. The 550x, which started shipping recently, was priced at $349 until Monday, but was cut in half after a story by the IDG News Service pointed out the unusually high price. The Joule boards are like Raspberry Pi 3, with all major components crammed on a circuit board. But Joule is tricked out with recently released components, memory and storage, making it the fastest board computer in its class. The Joule boards have the latest Atom processors based on the Broxton architecture, GPUs capable of 4K video capture, 802.11ac Wi-Fi, LPDDR4 memory, USB 3.0 ports and internal storage up to 8GB. Raspberry Pi 3 has an ARM processor, no internal storage, USB 2.0, 1080p graphics processor and slower memory and Wi-Fi. Intel designed the Joule board for the development of robots, drones and smart devices requiring heavy processing power. But like Raspberry Pi 3, which is also being used as a PC, the Joule is powerful enough to be a low-end PC or server. Boost Sales With Brother’s Partner Program More from Brother Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next Google sued by employee for confidentiality policies that 'muzzle' staff ​Big business supports Aussie tech but fails to give start-ups a fair ... Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Channel Deals Com1 International Aavara Pro Series Monitor Stands Read more ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Whether it be technology troubles, government conflicts or declining sales, 2016 has been a year to forget for some of the industry's biggest players. ARN examines the vendors who will forever look back on 2016 as an annus horribilis. Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 The channel pulled together as an industry to support those in need during the IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day in association with AC3. Held at St. Michael's Golf Club, and won by Team Arrow, the event raised $40,000, with all proceeds split between Ronald McDonald House and Saves Our Sons, who work tirelessly to help children in need. Gold sponsors on the day included Hewlett Packard Enterprise TS and HP, alongside sponsors, Arrow; Pure Storage; Synnex; Dicker Data; Tribeca Living; Fortinet; rhipe; Dell EMC; Eaton; Nimble Storage; Datto and Hemisphere Technologies.​ Photos by Maria Stefina. Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise Nutanix recently took to the seas for a Christmas Cruise around Sydney Harbour with its Australia and New Zealand staff, customers and partners to celebrate a stellar year for the vendor. With the sun out, they were all smiles and mingled over drinks and food. Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise iasset.com is a channel management ecosystem that automates all major aspects of the entire sales, marketing and service process, including data tracking, integrated learning, knowledge management and product lifecycle management. Related Whitepapers Datto’s State of Channel APAC Ransomware Report How to Plan For Disaster Recovery Annual ITSP Benchmarking Study Datto’s State Of The Channel Ransomware Report 2016 Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ​Hemisphere Technologies - A next-generation approach to distribution   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 11:15AM ​Smartphone battleground shifts as virtual personal assistants accelerate 05:00AM Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' 03:18AM Millennials push for public cloud, innovation Dec 30 ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? More News Top 50 defining moments of the Australian channel in 2016 ​2016: The year that was for Aussie end-users 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC Intel's Joule now supports Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 21 December, 2016 03:11 - - - - print email Comments If you want a PC with Ubuntu Linux, you can turn to Intel's Joule single-board computer instead of buying an expensive machine. Support for Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS has been added to the Joule board, according to developer notes for Intel IoT Developer Kit 5.0 released late last week. Intel has two Joule boards: the 570x, which sells for $219 on Mouser, and the 550x, which is priced at $179 on the same retail site. The 550x, which started shipping recently, was priced at $349 until Monday, but was cut in half after a story by the IDG News Service pointed out the unusually high price. The Joule boards are like Raspberry Pi 3, with all major components crammed on a circuit board. But Joule is tricked out with recently released components, memory and storage, making it the fastest board computer in its class. The Joule boards have the latest Atom processors based on the Broxton architecture, GPUs capable of 4K video capture, 802.11ac Wi-Fi, LPDDR4 memory, USB 3.0 ports and internal storage up to 8GB. Raspberry Pi 3 has an ARM processor, no internal storage, USB 2.0, 1080p graphics processor and slower memory and Wi-Fi. Intel designed the Joule board for the development of robots, drones and smart devices requiring heavy processing power. But like Raspberry Pi 3, which is also being used as a PC, the Joule is powerful enough to be a low-end PC or server. 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about ARMIDGIntelLinuxNewsRaspberry PiUbuntu Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Ransomware Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation The Smarter, Faster Way to Move to Windows 10. Take Ctrl: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner. Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Account Delivery Lead NSW Change Coordinator ACT Change Manager l Port Macquarie NSW NSW Senior Projects Engineer | Systems Integration and IT Managed Services NSW Senior Application Specialist (Cerner) Other Senior C++ Software Engineer QLD Senior Business Analyst VIC Service Manager ACT Wordpress Developer VIC Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Vodafone Australia set to build inaugural cyber defence and response centre HPE embarks on internal investigation after ATO outage ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation Market Place Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! CSO Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile It's 2017 and changing other people's flight bookings is incredibly easy What to do if your data is taken hostage Critical flaw in PHPMailer library puts millions of websites at risk Computerworld After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Corporate boards aren't prepared for cyberattacks Tips for new tech devices Software is eating the food world ARN ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? ​Big business supports Aussie tech but fails to give start-ups a fair go IT services chief faces court over union fraud allegations ​Overseas investor acquires Hemisphere Technologies What the govt’s IT outsourcing trend means for Aussie partners Techworld Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 How to hang on to Windows 7 for the long run The US has sanctioned Russia over election hacking New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile CMO Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 CMO’s top 16 marketing stories of 2016 How an Australian tech company won licensing rights around Star Wars CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 21 December CMO interview: Taking test and learn marketing to the extreme at Expedia Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
null
null
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Happy Holidays! This site relies upon advertisements to continue producing new Linux/open-source content over the past 12+ years. If you wish to continue blocking ads, please consider this holiday joining ad-free Phoronix Premium. Besides an ad-free experience, Phoronix Premium grants access to multi-page articles on a single page and other benefits while still supporting our site. Or if you insist on blocking ads, perhaps consider a holiday tip? Thanks for your support and happy holidays. Google "Poppy" Kabylake Board Added To Coreboot Written by Michael Larabel in Coreboot on 20 December 2016 at 12:20 PM EST. Add A Comment While Chromebook / ChromeOS fans have been looking forward to the Kabylake-based "Eve" device, it looks like another device is possibly forthcoming making use of these latest-generation Intel CPUs. A new board for "Poppy" was added yesterday to Coreboot Git. This Google Poppy board is indeed making use of an Intel Kabylake processor. Details on Google Poppy are scarce from Google searches so there isn't much more beyond this commit. It's a Kabylake board, uses the FSP 2.0 package, etc. Though the board information marks it as the "Poppy Kabylake Reference Board", so there are chances it may just be a developer reference board for Intel Kabylake CPUs as opposed to a new Chromebook/Chromebox making it to market, but we should find out in 2017 when more Kabylake designs are hitting the market. Add A Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Coreboot News 100% Of The 289 Coreboot Images Are Now Built Reproducible Another Old Intel Motherboard Gets Picked Up By Coreboot AMD Stoney Ridge Support Lands In Coreboot Google "Eve" Kabylake System Gains Coreboot Support Coreboot Lands More RISC-V / lowRISC Code Coreboot 4.5 Officially Released Popular News Wine 2.0 Is Looking Like It Will Be A Late January Release Mesa's RADV Vulkan Driver Receives Some Fixes For DOOM Former Valve Developer: Steam Linux Project Was The Hardest The Top BSD News This Year: Ubuntu Atop BSD, FreeBSD 11.0, DragonFly's HAMMER2 Arcan Display Server Working On X.Org / Wayland Compatibility Lineage: Forking CyanogenMod To A New Android Distribution Latest Linux News RadeonSI Patches Boost Deus Ex: MD Performance By ~70% Dawn-CC: Automatically Adding OpenACC/OpenMP Directives To Programs KDE Kirigami UI 2.0 Beta Released: Better Android Integration, QQC2 Focus Linux 4.9/4.10, Solaris Rumors, Graphics Driver News Ended Out 2016 GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Should Tarballs Be On Their Way Out The Door In 2017? Steam's Linux Marketshare Ended Slightly Lower For 2016 Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 Steam's Top Grossing Games Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Featured Articles Happy New Year! That's A Wrap For 2016 With 3,336 New Articles + 248 Reviews/Featured Articles Setting Up A MoCA 2.0 Ethernet-Over-Coax Network, Linux LAN Benchmarks EXT4 / F2FS / Btrfs / XFS On Early Linux 4.10 Kernel NVIDIA CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks For Ending 2016 + cuDNN Caffe AlexNet/Googlenet Running The Intel NUC6i7KYK On Linux With Skylake Iris Pro Graphics Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Computerworld New Zealand This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC Intel's Joule now supports Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 21 December, 2016 03:11 - - - - print email Comments If you want a PC with Ubuntu Linux, you can turn to Intel's Joule single-board computer instead of buying an expensive machine. Support for Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS has been added to the Joule board, according to developer notes for Intel IoT Developer Kit 5.0 released late last week. Intel has two Joule boards: the 570x, which sells for $219 on Mouser, and the 550x, which is priced at $179 on the same retail site. The 550x, which started shipping recently, was priced at $349 until Monday, but was cut in half after a story by the IDG News Service pointed out the unusually high price. The Joule boards are like Raspberry Pi 3, with all major components crammed on a circuit board. But Joule is tricked out with recently released components, memory and storage, making it the fastest board computer in its class. The Joule boards have the latest Atom processors based on the Broxton architecture, GPUs capable of 4K video capture, 802.11ac Wi-Fi, LPDDR4 memory, USB 3.0 ports and internal storage up to 8GB. Raspberry Pi 3 has an ARM processor, no internal storage, USB 2.0, 1080p graphics processor and slower memory and Wi-Fi. Intel designed the Joule board for the development of robots, drones and smart devices requiring heavy processing power. But like Raspberry Pi 3, which is also being used as a PC, the Joule is powerful enough to be a low-end PC or server. Cloud Flexibility Freeing New Zealand Businesses From the Tyranny of Distance More from Interactive Intelligence Join the Computerworld New Zealand newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about ARMIDGIntelLinuxNewsRaspberry PiUbuntu Editor's Recommendations Taxpayers Union says Motu study shows UFB a waste of money New Zealand to chair digital nation group and host leaders’ summit Nokia upgrades Spark’s fibre network to 200Gbps per wavelength Hawaiki misses out: Fiji to be hooked into Southern Cross NZ Post opts for Unit4 ERP to aid digital transformation Microsoft backs computer education for schools with $343k grant Read more Veeam Resources Centre Related Whitepapers On the Radar: FinalCode addresses persistent file security challenges for the enterprise Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Microsoft CMO: Forced Windows 10 upgrade was 'painful' at one point Spark to abandon copper for fibre or wireless broadband See this year's top 5 underrated Microsoft announcements In pictures: The 2016 Hi-Tech Awards 'The Oscars of NZ's ICT industry' IN PICTURES: Kiwi student innovators unite as Microsoft Imagine Cup 2016 hits ... Arago teaches an AI to play games, the better to manage IT systems Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Reseller News []
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News World Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air World Home U.N. Conflicts Terrorism Disasters Global Economy Environment Religion Scandals Regions The Americas Canada calls for release for kidnapped couple in Afghanistan Published December 19, 2016 Associated Press Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print FILE - This undated militant file image from video posted online in August 2016, which has not been independently verified by The Associated Press, provided by SITE Intel Group, shows Canadian Joshua Boyle and American Caitlan Coleman, who were kidnapped in Afghanistan in 2012. Officials in Canada are calling for the unconditional release of Boyle and his wife following the release of another video on Monday, Dec. 19, 2016, that appears to show them begging for their governments to intervene with their Afghan captors on their behalf. (SITE Intel Group via AP, File)  (The Associated Press) TORONTO –  Canada called Monday for the unconditional release of a Canadian man and his American wife after a new video appeared to show them begging their governments to intervene on their behalf with their Afghan captors. The video, which was uploaded to YouTube on Monday and has not been independently verified by The Associated Press, shows Canadian Joshua Boyle and American Caitlan Coleman, who were kidnapped in Afghanistan in 2012. Coleman refers to "the Kafkaesque nightmare in which we find ourselves" and urges "governments on both sides" to reach a deal for their freedom. She then adds: "My children have seen their mother defiled." Two young children appear in the video with them, and Coleman has told her family that she gave birth to two children in captivity. Canadian Global Affairs spokesman Michael O'Shaughnessy said his government was aware of the latest video. "We are deeply concerned for the safety and well-being of Joshua Boyle, Caitlan Coleman and their young children and call for their unconditional release," O'Shaughnessy added. The State Department said it was reviewing the footage. The video came to public attention through the Site Intelligence Group, which monitors extremist activity online. SITE said it was dated Dec. 3, though the AP could not verify the date of the recording. The two vanished after setting off in the summer of 2012 for a journey that took them to Russia, the central Asian countries of Kazakhstan, Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan, and then to Afghanistan. Her parents, Jim and Lyn Coleman, last heard from their son-in-law on Oct. 8, 2012, from an internet cafe in what Josh described as an "unsafe" part of Afghanistan. In 2013, the couple appeared in two videos asking the U.S. government to free them from the Taliban. The Colemans received a letter last November in which their daughter said she had given birth to a second child in captivity. In July, Jim Coleman, speaking to the online news service Circa News, issued a plea to top Taliban commanders to be "kind and merciful" and let the couple go. A video released in August showed Coleman and Boyle warning that their captors would kill them and their children unless the government in Kabul ends its execution of Taliban prisoners. Advertisement Trending in World 1 Israeli police question Netanyahu for alleged corruption 2 Mexicans block roads, stations to protest gasoline hikes 3 Titanic doomed by ice -- and fire? 4 Turkish authorities close to identifying Istanbul gunman 5 Skier Jean Vuarnet, who struck gold with tuck position, dies Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. How Apple Alienated Mac Loyalists Bloomberg 20/12/2016 Mark Gurman © Getty Images A file photo of the new MacBook Pro computer during a product launch event at Apple headquarters in Cupertino, California on October 27, 2016. (Bloomberg) -- To die-hard fans, Apple Inc.'s Macintosh sometimes seems like an afterthought these days. Mac upgrades, once a frequent ritual, are few and far between. The Mac Pro, Apple's marquee computer, hasn't been refreshed since 2013. The affordable and flexible Mac mini was last upgraded in 2014. And when a new machine does roll out, the results are sometimes underwhelming, if not infuriating, to devotees. In October, after more than 500 days without an update, Apple unveiled the new MacBook Pro, with a slimmer design and louder speakers. The laptop garnered mostly favorable reviews from the technology press but grumbles from creative types, a key constituency, who said the device under-performed rival products. Interviews with people familiar with Apple's inner workings reveal that the Mac is getting far less attention than it once did. They say the Mac team has lost clout with the famed industrial design group led by Jony Ive and the company's software team. They also describe a lack of clear direction from senior management, departures of key people working on Mac hardware and technical challenges that have delayed the roll-out of new computers. While the Mac generates about 10 percent of Apple sales, the company can't afford to alienate professional designers and other business customers. After all, they helped fuel Apple's revival in the late 1990s. In a stinging critique, Peter Kirn, founder of a website for music and video creators, wrote: "This is a company with no real vision for what its most creative users actually do with their most advanced machines." If more Mac users switch, the Apple ecosystem will become less sticky—opening the door to people abandoning higher-value products like the iPhone and iPad.   People now have more options. Microsoft Corp., once derided by Mac loyalists for its clunky, buggy software, offers Windows 10, which provides the tablet type functionality Apple pioneered with the iPad. Microsoft's Surface computers offer Apple-esque quality and a well-reviewed creative paint program aimed at the Mac's audience. Sensing an opportunity, Microsoft called the MacBook Pro a "disappointment" and said more users than ever were switching to its Surface laptops.   An Apple spokesman declined to comment. However, the company has said the Macintosh remains one of its most important products and denies it takes a back seat to other gadgets.  Four years ago at Apple's annual developer conference, marketing chief Phil Schiller pledged to keep the computer front and center in the company's product arsenal. "Nobody turns over their entire line as quickly and completely as we do at Apple," Schiller said. "We’re really proud of the engineering team and the work they do to do this quick so you can get the exact product you need." Two years later, the company held a 30th birthday party for the Macintosh, a splashy event that featured a OneRepublic concert at Apple's Cupertino, California headquarters. The company also created a website celebrating the Mac's history. To be fair, Apple depends on Intel Corp., which still makes key chips for Macs. Like the rest of the PC industry, Apple's innovation and product cycles are sometimes constrained by when Intel produces new chips—a process that's getting more difficult. Making a laptop stand out is also harder these days. But when Apple has tried to leapfrog the competition, it has fallen short. Take the company's attempt to create a longer-lasting battery for the MacBook Pro. Apple engineers wanted to use higher capacity battery packs shaped to the insides of the laptop versus the standard square cells found in most machines. The design would have boosted battery life.  In the run-up to the MacBook Pro's planned debut this year, the new battery failed a key test, according to a person familiar with the situation. Rather than delay the launch and risk missing the crucial holiday shopping season, Apple decided to revert to an older design. The change required roping in engineers from other teams to finish the job, meaning work on other Macs languished, the person said. The new laptop didn't represent a game-changing leap in battery performance, and a software bug misrepresented hours of power remaining. Apple has since removed the meter from the top right-hand corner of the screen.  In the Mac's heyday, people working on new models could expect a lot of attention from Ive's team. Once a week his people would meet with Mac engineers to discuss ongoing projects. Mac engineers brought prototypes to Ive's studio for review, while his lieutenants would visit the Mac labs to look at early concepts. Those visits have become less frequent since the company began focusing more on more-valuable products like the iPhone and iPad, and the change became even more obvious after the design team's leadership was shuffled last year, according to a person familiar with the situation. In another sign that the company has prioritized the iPhone, Apple re-organized its software engineering department so there's no longer a dedicated Mac operating system team. There is now just one team, and most of the engineers are iOS first, giving the people working on the iPhone and iPad more power.  That's part of a broader shift toward making Macs more like iPhones. Apple prioritizes features, like thinness and minimal ports, that sell its iPhones and iPads, which generated about 75 percent of revenue this year. Those are contrary to professional needs, like maximum computing power. Early prototypes of the 12-inch MacBook used the iPhone's Lightning connector, although this was ditched for a more standard USB-C port. There was even a gold MacBook Pro planned, but this was shelved because the color didn’t look good on such a large product.  In recent years, Apple managers have also become more likely to float two or more competing ideas, meaning designers and engineers must work on more than one concept at a time. In the past, managers pushed a more singular vision. Engineers are now "asked to develop multiple options in hopes that one of them will be shippable," a person familiar with the matter said.  When the company was developing the first 12-inch MacBook, Apple tested two primary prototypes. One, known internally as Stealth Fighter, was lighter. The second, a slightly less ambitious design known as Stealth Bomber, was heavier. The lighter model prevailed, but with engineers developing and testing two competing concepts, they had less time to figure out how to cram all the electronics into a thin slab of aluminum that would hold together. In the end, Apple shipped the laptop in 2015, months after its 2014 goal. For a 2016 MacBook update, some Apple engineers wanted to add a Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a second USB-C port (which would have made some power users happy). The update instead included a new rose gold color option alongside a standard speed increase. The internal turmoil has taken a toll. More than a dozen engineers and managers working on Mac hardware have left for different Apple teams or other companies in the past year and a half, said people familiar with the situation. Some were looking for a less all-consuming work environment, while others felt the future of Mac hardware was unclear in a world of iPhones and iPads.  In 2013, Apple launched a redesigned Mac Pro, a black cylinder with bright white LED lights. It was a powerful desktop machine created partly to cast a halo over the entire Macintosh lineup. The Mac Pro was also the first Apple computer in years to be assembled in the U.S. Under pressure from politicians to create manufacturing jobs at home, Apple was looking to score political points. The decision caused production headaches though.  The Mac Pro's glossy exterior and chrome beveled edges meant Apple had to make its own manufacturing tools and then train people to run those machines in an assembly plant. This slowed production and constrained Apple's ability to make enough computers to meet demand. Three years on, the Mac Pro is ripe for an upgrade with its chips and connector ports lagging rival products. Because of the earlier challenges, some Apple engineers have raised the possibility of moving production back to Asia, where it's cheaper and manufacturers have the required skills for ambitious products, according to a person familiar with those internal discussions. The political environment is tougher for such a move now. During his campaign, President-elect Donald Trump hammered Apple for building most of its products overseas and since his election he has pushed other companies to keep some jobs in the U.S.  Still, Apple hasn't given up on Macs. In a recent company Q&A session, employees asked whether Mac desktop computers remain strategically important. "We have great desktops in our roadmap. Nobody should worry about that," Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said, according to a transcript of the discussion obtained by Bloomberg News.  The latest MacBook Pro has a "Touch Bar," a thin touchscreen built into the keyboard that lets users quickly access app shortcuts, change system settings, and pick emojis. The laptop also has Touch ID to speed up online purchases and a giant trackpad for easier gesture control. Apple designers are already exploring standalone keyboards with the touch strip and a fingerprint reader for desktops. Apple will decide whether to release these based on how well the features do on the MacBook Pro. Mac fans shouldn't hold their breath for radical new designs in 2017 though. Instead, the company is preparing modest updates: USB-C ports and a new Advanced Micro Devices Inc. graphics processor for the iMac, and minor bumps in processing power for the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro. Cue the outrage. To contact the author of this story: Mark Gurman in San Francisco at mgurman1@bloomberg.net. To contact the editor responsible for this story: Robin Ajello at rajello@bloomberg.net. ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. Go to MSN Home More in News 'Bivvy bag saved their lives':Couple lost in Cairngorms found safe The Guardian Man's drunken antics on Glasgow flight lands him in court Daily Record Cannabis ingredient to be classed as medicine Mirror Kate recieves 'ultimate recognition' for her skills The Telegraph Brit couple found hanged and blindfolded in Cambodia flat Mirror M62: Man killed in police shooting The Telegraph Up Next IS claims responsibility for Turkey attacks as manhunt intensifies Sky News Trump says North Korea won't be able to hit US with nuclear missile The Independent Orkney explores independence after Brexit The Telegraph More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter

Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Car Tech Opinion Cars as client devices By Bob O'Donnell on Dec 20, 2016, 11:00 AM TechSpot It’s no secret that an enormous amount of advanced tech hardware is making its way into today’s automobiles. Whether it’s for assisted or autonomous driving features, advanced infotainment systems or simple safety enhancements, modern cars are getting a big injection of cool new hardware. Software, on the other hand, has been a bit more muted. Oh sure, there’s the user interface (UI) on the ever-expanding main entertainment and navigation display, but the truth is there are a lot more software efforts going on beneath the hood (literally in this case). In fact, at the upcoming CES show in Las Vegas, I expect to see several announcements related to car-based software and services that turn your automobile into a nearly full-fledged client computing device. Traditionally, auto-based services were called telematics, but early versions were limited to basic functions such as what’s been found in GM’s OnStar: a separate telephony service for roadside assistance and beaming back car diagnostic data to the auto company’s headquarters. Today, there’s an enormous range of different software built into cars, from middleware, RTOS (real-time operating systems—such as Blackberry’s QNX or Intel’s Wind River), to artificial intelligence-based inference engines, and beyond. In fact, there can be over 10 million lines of code in a modern luxury car, working across all the car’s various computing elements, from 150+ ECUs (engine control units—each of which typically runs a particular auto subsystem, such as heating and air conditioning, in addition to portions of the engine, etc.), to more traditional CPUs and GPUs from the likes of nVidia, Intel, Qualcomm and others. While much of that software will never be seen or directly interacted with by individuals—it’s part of a car’s overall controls—more and more of it is starting to surface through the car’s driver and passenger-focused displays. Many assisted or autonomous driving systems, for example, do provide some visual cues or messages about what they’re doing, though most of their work happens in the background automatically. In the case of entertainment interfaces, of course, we’ve started to see the implementation of Apple’s CarPlay and Google’s Android Auto. In neither case, however, do Apple and Google provide the entire user interface for the vehicle for two key reasons. First, carmakers are very reluctant to give up the entire user experience to an outside brand. They want and need to “own” the relationship with their customer by making sure it’s a GM experience or a Ford experience or a Porsche experience, etc. Second, neither Apple nor Google have access to the vast majority of software running on the automobile because of the hardened walls between subsystems. As a result, they can only interact with a tiny fraction of the software running in a vehicle. (Waymo, the recent autonomous car spinout from Google, and Apple’s rumored Titan car project, are likely working on many pieces of this more invisible software, among other things, FYI.) In the near term, however, the next set of auto-related software developments are likely to be extensions and additions to popular software and services that get more fully integrated into cars and turn them into first-class client devices. Now that PC and mobile phone-like hardware is being embedded into cars, along with cellular connectivity and larger, high-resolution displays, it just makes sense to do so. The next set of auto-related software developments are likely to be extensions and additions to popular software and services that get more fully integrated into cars and turn them into first-class client devices. At a basic level, think about entertainment services like Spotify, Netflix and others coming natively to cars, or imagine tighter integration with good ‘ol PIM (Personal Information Management) software, such as contacts, calendars, etc. Incorporating things like meeting updates, conference call dial-in information, and other elements directly into your car instead of via a smartphone app could prove to be very beneficial. Not only would it improve the convenience and integration of using them in your car, it could have a dramatically positive impact on safety. In addition, if texting and other forms of messaging are directly integrated into car displays, for example (and more importantly, can therefore be automatically disabled based on the car’s speed), that could do more to save lives than any autonomous driving system. Note that because many of these capabilities will be delivered as services, the car doesn’t need to be running a full mobile OS and the apps won’t have be to delivered in a native OS format. An HTML5-capable browser is likely all that’s necessary, making it easier for car vendors and Tier 1 OEMs to incorporate these software features into their designs, as well as increasing the useful lifetime of the car’s technology. Looking forward, it’s clear that we’re still at the very early stages of bringing significantly more intelligence and capabilities into our cars. Progress is being made, but when you start thinking more deeply about the potential, the full promise of smart cars is yet to come. Bob O’Donnell is the founder and chief analyst of TECHnalysis Research, LLC a technology consulting and market research firm. You can follow him on Twitter @bobodtech. This article was originally published on Tech.pinions. Related Reads The hottest computing device? Cars Cars of the future may be able to communicate with each other to avoid accidents Germany to require 'black box' in autonomous cars 5 comments 52 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Wireless charging may be a better fit for the automotive industry Faraday Future's mystery ride lines up for a race against a Ferrari, Tesla and Bentley in new teaser China's "straddling bus" lies abandoned in the middle of the road Popular 29 comments Trump wants to use couriers for important messages because "no computer is safe" Corsair Force MP500 480GB Review 19 comments Evidence of Russian malware found on Vermont utility computer Pioneer the next gaming hit with 26 hours of Unity3D training 26 comments Smart TVs aren't immune to ransomware as one user recently found out Load Comments 5 ... User Comments: 5 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 30 Trump wants to use couriers for important messages because "no computer is safe" 11 Game of Thrones (not The Grand Tour) was the most torrented TV show of 2016 27 Smart TVs aren't immune to ransomware as one user recently found out 13 French 'right to disconnect' law goes into effect 8 Which case would you put the 32 thread monster in? Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel's Financial Stagnation Intel's operating margins have come down quite a bit since 2011, as revenues have stagnated but operating expenses have surged. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Dec 19, 2016 at 9:20PM Microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) had some truly phenomenal years in 2010 and 2011. In 2010, the company rebounded nicely from the Great Recession, enjoying year-over-year revenue growth of 24%,  operating profit growth of 179%, and net income growth of 167%. In 2011, Intel pulled it off again, growing revenue by 24% year over year, all while enjoying robust operating income and net income growth to boot. Of that revenue growth, $3.6 billion came from the integration of McAfee and Intel Mobile Communication, so organic revenue growth was "just" 16%. Since then, though, Intel has suffered from a bad case of financial stagnation. Image source: Intel.  Flat revenue and higher operating expenses mean lower profits In 2011, Intel's full-year revenue came in at $54 billion. In 2012 and 2013, the figure dipped to $53.34 billion and $52.7 billion, respectively. Then, in 2014 and 2015, Intel managed to achieve revenue of $55.87 billion and $55.36 billion, respectively -- just beating out its 2011 figure. In other words, Intel's revenues stagnated during that time. A similar story applies to the company's gross profit margin percentage. After hitting an astonishing 66% in 2010, this figure hit a high of 63.7% in 2014 and a low of 59.8% in 2013 -- also largely range-bound. In contrast to the stagnant revenues and gross profit margin percentage, Intel's operating expenses have shot straight up. In 2011, Intel's operating expenses came in at an enormous $16.28 billion. Between then and 2015, that figure climbed to $20.67 billion. It's no surprise, then, that 2011 represented a multiyear peak in the company's operating income. How do things get better? Operating income is essentially a function of three variables: revenue, gross profit margin, and operating expenses. Earlier this year, we saw Intel announce a restructuring program designed to reduce operating expenses by $1.4 billion on an annual basis. However, even though the company said it expects to see $750 million in savings this year, the company's research and development plus marketing, general, and administrative expenses were up from $14.82 billion in the first nine months of 2015 to $15.7 billion in the first nine months of 2016 (5.92% year-over-year). It's not clear what kind of operating expense growth rate Intel is planning for over the next couple of years, but I don't think investors can count on seeing Intel stop its spending growth. So, for Intel to start really boosting its financial performance, it's going to need to do two things: Accelerate revenue growth. Improve its gross profit margin. If Intel can grow its revenue at a pace faster than it grows operating expenses, then that would bode well for the company's overall profitability. That's easier said than done, though, as more than half of the company's revenue still depends on the declining personal computer market. Intel is going to need to continue to stabilize its personal-computer-related revenues while trying to tap new growth opportunities in other, healthier markets.  Another way to help boost operating margin would be to grow its gross profit margin percentage. Gross profit margin is a function of the company's cost of goods sold -- how much it costs to manufacture, package, and distribute products -- as well as of the selling prices of its products. Intel has said that its long-term gross profit margin percentage goal is between 55% and 65%. Over the past three quarters, on a non-GAAP basis, Intel's gross profit margin percentage has been running near the high end of that range: Data source: Intel financial statements. The bad news is that there's not a ton more room left for Intel's gross margin to grow, assuming it maintains the 55%-65% target range. However, if Intel is able to sharpen its execution further and bring its annual gross profit margin percentages up just a point, it could translate into much-needed operating margin expansion. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Dec 19, 2016 at 9:20PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.29 down $0.37 (-1.01%) Read More Ignore Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.: Here Are 2 Better Stocks 1 Way ARM Threatens Intel's Data Center Business 5 Reasons Advanced Micro Devices Inc. Stock Could Rise in 2017 Intel's Next-Generation Server Processors Will Be Built on 10-Nanometer Tech Intel Corporation's Huge Bet on the Data Center Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Intel's Financial Stagnation #stocks $INTC
null
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 2:48pm Tue 3 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Mark Gurman: How Apple alienated Mac loyalists By Mark Gurman 11:09 AM Wednesday Dec 21, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Apple Inc Computers Gadgets ICT News Opinion Software Technology Sponsor message.   Video will play in Play now Don't auto play Never auto play To die-hard fans, Apple's Macintosh sometimes seems like an afterthought these days. Mac upgrades, once a frequent ritual, are few and far between. The Mac Pro, Apple's marquee computer, hasn't been refreshed since 2013. The affordable and flexible Mac mini was last upgraded in 2014. And when a new machine does roll out, the results are sometimes underwhelming, if not infuriating, to devotees. In October, after more than 500 days without an update, Apple unveiled the new MacBook Pro, with a slimmer design and louder speakers. The laptop garnered mostly favourable reviews from the technology press but grumbles from creative types, a key constituency, who said the device under-performed rival products. Interviews with people familiar with Apple's inner workings reveal that the Mac is getting far less attention than it once did. They say the Mac team has lost clout with the famed industrial design group led by Jony Ive and the company's software team. They also describe a lack of clear direction from senior management, departures of key people working on Mac hardware and technical challenges that have delayed the roll-out of new computers. While the Mac generates about 10 percent of Apple sales, the company can't afford to alienate professional designers and other business customers. After all, they helped fuel Apple's revival in the late 1990s. In a stinging critique, Peter Kirn, founder of a website for music and video creators, wrote: "This is a company with no real vision for what its most creative users actually do with their most advanced machines." If more Mac users switch, the Apple ecosystem will become less sticky-opening the door to people abandoning higher-value products like the iPhone and iPad. People now have more options. Microsoft, once derided by Mac loyalists for its clunky, buggy software, offers Windows 10, which provides the tablet type functionality Apple pioneered with the iPad. Microsoft's Surface computers offer Apple-esque quality and a well-reviewed creative paint program aimed at the Mac's audience. Sensing an opportunity, Microsoft called the MacBook Pro a "disappointment" and said more users than ever were switching to its Surface laptops. Continued below. Related Content Apple AirPods review: worth the wait From Galaxy Note 7 to Apple iPhone 7, here are the five biggest tech blunders that occurred this year Video Watch: Apple release new Macbook Pro Apple's latest MacBook Pro. An Apple spokesman declined to comment. However, the company has said the Macintosh remains one of its most important products and denies it takes a back seat to other gadgets. Four years ago at Apple's annual developer conference, marketing chief Phil Schiller pledged to keep the computer front and centre in the company's product arsenal. "Nobody turns over their entire line as quickly and completely as we do at Apple," Schiller said. "We're really proud of the engineering team and the work they do to do this quick so you can get the exact product you need." Two years later, the company held a 30th birthday party for the Macintosh, a splashy event that featured a OneRepublic concert at Apple's Cupertino, California headquarters. The company also created a website celebrating the Mac's history. To be fair, Apple depends on Intel Corp., which still makes key chips for Macs. Like the rest of the PC industry, Apple's innovation and product cycles are sometimes constrained by when Intel produces new chips-a process that's getting more difficult. Making a laptop stand out is also harder these days. But when Apple has tried to leapfrog the competition, it has fallen short. Take the company's attempt to create a longer-lasting battery for the MacBook Pro. Apple engineers wanted to use higher capacity battery packs shaped to the insides of the laptop versus the standard square cells found in most machines. The design would have boosted battery life. In the run-up to the MacBook Pro's planned debut this year, the new battery failed a key test, according to a person familiar with the situation. Rather than delay the launch and risk missing the crucial holiday shopping season, Apple decided to revert to an older design. The change required roping in engineers from other teams to finish the job, meaning work on other Macs languished, the person said. The new laptop didn't represent a game-changing leap in battery performance, and a software bug misrepresented hours of power remaining. Apple has since removed the meter from the top right-hand corner of the screen. Apple senior vice president of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller speaks about the first overhaul of the MacBook Pro. Photo / Washington Post In the Mac's heyday, people working on new models could expect a lot of attention from Ive's team. Once a week his people would meet with Mac engineers to discuss ongoing projects. Mac engineers brought prototypes to Ive's studio for review, while his lieutenants would visit the Mac labs to look at early concepts. Those visits have become less frequent since the company began focusing more on more-valuable products like the iPhone and iPad, and the change became even more obvious after the design team's leadership was shuffled last year, according to a person familiar with the situation. In another sign that the company has prioritised the iPhone, Apple re-organised its software engineering department so there's no longer a dedicated Mac operating system team. There is now just one team, and most of the engineers are iOS first, giving the people working on the iPhone and iPad more power. That's part of a broader shift toward making Macs more like iPhones. Apple prioritises features, like thinness and minimal ports, that sell its iPhones and iPads, which generated about 75 percent of revenue this year. Those are contrary to professional needs, like maximum computing power. Early prototypes of the 12-inch MacBook used the iPhone's Lightning connector, although this was ditched for a more standard USB-C port. There was even a gold MacBook Pro planned, but this was shelved because the colour didn't look good on such a large product. In recent years, Apple managers have also become more likely to float two or more competing ideas, meaning designers and engineers must work on more than one concept at a time. In the past, managers pushed a more singular vision. Engineers are now "asked to develop multiple options in hopes that one of them will be shippable," a person familiar with the matter said. When the company was developing the first 12-inch MacBook, Apple tested two primary prototypes. One, known internally as Stealth Fighter, was lighter. The second, a slightly less ambitious design known as Stealth Bomber, was heavier. The lighter model prevailed, but with engineers developing and testing two competing concepts, they had less time to figure out how to cram all the electronics into a thin slab of aluminium that would hold together. In the end, Apple shipped the laptop in 2015, months after its 2014 goal. For a 2016 MacBook update, some Apple engineers wanted to add a Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a second USB-C port (which would have made some power users happy). The update instead included a new rose gold colour option alongside a standard speed increase. The internal turmoil has taken a toll. More than a dozen engineers and managers working on Mac hardware have left for different Apple teams or other companies in the past year and a half, said people familiar with the situation. Some were looking for a less all-consuming work environment, while others felt the future of Mac hardware was unclear in a world of iPhones and iPads. A sign that the company has prioritised the iPhone, Apple re-organised its software engineering department so there's no longer a dedicated Mac operating system team. Photo / AP In 2013, Apple launched a redesigned Mac Pro, a black cylinder with bright white LED lights. It was a powerful desktop machine created partly to cast a halo over the entire Macintosh lineup. The Mac Pro was also the first Apple computer in years to be assembled in the U.S. Under pressure from politicians to create manufacturing jobs at home, Apple was looking to score political points. The decision caused production headaches though. The Mac Pro's glossy exterior and chrome bevelled edges meant Apple had to make its own manufacturing tools and then train people to run those machines in an assembly plant. This slowed production and constrained Apple's ability to make enough computers to meet demand. Three years on, the Mac Pro is ripe for an upgrade with its chips and connector ports lagging rival products. Because of the earlier challenges, some Apple engineers have raised the possibility of moving production back to Asia, where it's cheaper and manufacturers have the required skills for ambitious products, according to a person familiar with those internal discussions. The political environment is tougher for such a move now. During his campaign, President-elect Donald Trump hammered Apple for building most of its products overseas and since his election he has pushed other companies to keep some jobs in the U.S. Still, Apple hasn't given up on Macs. In a recent company Q&A session, employees asked whether Mac desktop computers remain strategically important. "We have great desktops in our roadmap. Nobody should worry about that," Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said, according to a transcript of the discussion obtained by Bloomberg News. The latest MacBook Pro has a "Touch Bar," a thin touch screen built into the keyboard that lets users quickly access app shortcuts, change system settings, and pick emojis. The laptop also has Touch ID to speed up online purchases and a giant track pad for easier gesture control. Apple designers are already exploring standalone keyboards with the touch strip and a fingerprint reader for desktops. Apple will decide whether to release these based on how well the features do on the MacBook Pro. Mac fans shouldn't hold their breath for radical new designs in 2017 though. Instead, the company is preparing modest updates: USB-C ports and a new Advanced Micro Devices Inc. graphics processor for the iMac, and minor bumps in processing power for the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro. Cue the outrage. - Bloomberg By Mark Gurman Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Two die walking on Northland roads The man who died while walking home from a New Year's eve party at Kerikeri has been… Hawke's Bay Today Scholarships will broaden students' horizons Two tertiary students hailing from the Hawke's Bay region have been granted Prime Minister's… Bay of Plenty Times Port of Tauranga Half attracts top fields The third edition of the Mount Festival of Multisport is set to captivate the huge post-New… Our Features' Top Stories Driven R35 GT-R pilot eyes D1NZ title as round two approaches Former national drifting champion in search of second title with new machine... Viva New year, new you! Tips for starting 2017 right Dr Libby Weaver, Kirsty Godso, Art Green and more share their easy wellbeing tips for… True Commercial Immigration boosts commercial property demand The commercial property market continues its strong performance More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf03 at 03 Jan 2017 15:49:46 Processing Time: 39ms
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 2:48pm Tue 3 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Mark Gurman: How Apple alienated Mac loyalists By Mark Gurman 11:09 AM Wednesday Dec 21, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Apple Inc Computers Gadgets ICT News Opinion Software Technology Sponsor message.   Video will play in Play now Don't auto play Never auto play To die-hard fans, Apple's Macintosh sometimes seems like an afterthought these days. Mac upgrades, once a frequent ritual, are few and far between. The Mac Pro, Apple's marquee computer, hasn't been refreshed since 2013. The affordable and flexible Mac mini was last upgraded in 2014. And when a new machine does roll out, the results are sometimes underwhelming, if not infuriating, to devotees. In October, after more than 500 days without an update, Apple unveiled the new MacBook Pro, with a slimmer design and louder speakers. The laptop garnered mostly favourable reviews from the technology press but grumbles from creative types, a key constituency, who said the device under-performed rival products. Interviews with people familiar with Apple's inner workings reveal that the Mac is getting far less attention than it once did. They say the Mac team has lost clout with the famed industrial design group led by Jony Ive and the company's software team. They also describe a lack of clear direction from senior management, departures of key people working on Mac hardware and technical challenges that have delayed the roll-out of new computers. While the Mac generates about 10 percent of Apple sales, the company can't afford to alienate professional designers and other business customers. After all, they helped fuel Apple's revival in the late 1990s. In a stinging critique, Peter Kirn, founder of a website for music and video creators, wrote: "This is a company with no real vision for what its most creative users actually do with their most advanced machines." If more Mac users switch, the Apple ecosystem will become less sticky-opening the door to people abandoning higher-value products like the iPhone and iPad. People now have more options. Microsoft, once derided by Mac loyalists for its clunky, buggy software, offers Windows 10, which provides the tablet type functionality Apple pioneered with the iPad. Microsoft's Surface computers offer Apple-esque quality and a well-reviewed creative paint program aimed at the Mac's audience. Sensing an opportunity, Microsoft called the MacBook Pro a "disappointment" and said more users than ever were switching to its Surface laptops. Continued below. Related Content Apple AirPods review: worth the wait From Galaxy Note 7 to Apple iPhone 7, here are the five biggest tech blunders that occurred this year Video Watch: Apple release new Macbook Pro Apple's latest MacBook Pro. An Apple spokesman declined to comment. However, the company has said the Macintosh remains one of its most important products and denies it takes a back seat to other gadgets. Four years ago at Apple's annual developer conference, marketing chief Phil Schiller pledged to keep the computer front and centre in the company's product arsenal. "Nobody turns over their entire line as quickly and completely as we do at Apple," Schiller said. "We're really proud of the engineering team and the work they do to do this quick so you can get the exact product you need." Two years later, the company held a 30th birthday party for the Macintosh, a splashy event that featured a OneRepublic concert at Apple's Cupertino, California headquarters. The company also created a website celebrating the Mac's history. To be fair, Apple depends on Intel Corp., which still makes key chips for Macs. Like the rest of the PC industry, Apple's innovation and product cycles are sometimes constrained by when Intel produces new chips-a process that's getting more difficult. Making a laptop stand out is also harder these days. But when Apple has tried to leapfrog the competition, it has fallen short. Take the company's attempt to create a longer-lasting battery for the MacBook Pro. Apple engineers wanted to use higher capacity battery packs shaped to the insides of the laptop versus the standard square cells found in most machines. The design would have boosted battery life. In the run-up to the MacBook Pro's planned debut this year, the new battery failed a key test, according to a person familiar with the situation. Rather than delay the launch and risk missing the crucial holiday shopping season, Apple decided to revert to an older design. The change required roping in engineers from other teams to finish the job, meaning work on other Macs languished, the person said. The new laptop didn't represent a game-changing leap in battery performance, and a software bug misrepresented hours of power remaining. Apple has since removed the meter from the top right-hand corner of the screen. Apple senior vice president of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller speaks about the first overhaul of the MacBook Pro. Photo / Washington Post In the Mac's heyday, people working on new models could expect a lot of attention from Ive's team. Once a week his people would meet with Mac engineers to discuss ongoing projects. Mac engineers brought prototypes to Ive's studio for review, while his lieutenants would visit the Mac labs to look at early concepts. Those visits have become less frequent since the company began focusing more on more-valuable products like the iPhone and iPad, and the change became even more obvious after the design team's leadership was shuffled last year, according to a person familiar with the situation. In another sign that the company has prioritised the iPhone, Apple re-organised its software engineering department so there's no longer a dedicated Mac operating system team. There is now just one team, and most of the engineers are iOS first, giving the people working on the iPhone and iPad more power. That's part of a broader shift toward making Macs more like iPhones. Apple prioritises features, like thinness and minimal ports, that sell its iPhones and iPads, which generated about 75 percent of revenue this year. Those are contrary to professional needs, like maximum computing power. Early prototypes of the 12-inch MacBook used the iPhone's Lightning connector, although this was ditched for a more standard USB-C port. There was even a gold MacBook Pro planned, but this was shelved because the colour didn't look good on such a large product. In recent years, Apple managers have also become more likely to float two or more competing ideas, meaning designers and engineers must work on more than one concept at a time. In the past, managers pushed a more singular vision. Engineers are now "asked to develop multiple options in hopes that one of them will be shippable," a person familiar with the matter said. When the company was developing the first 12-inch MacBook, Apple tested two primary prototypes. One, known internally as Stealth Fighter, was lighter. The second, a slightly less ambitious design known as Stealth Bomber, was heavier. The lighter model prevailed, but with engineers developing and testing two competing concepts, they had less time to figure out how to cram all the electronics into a thin slab of aluminium that would hold together. In the end, Apple shipped the laptop in 2015, months after its 2014 goal. For a 2016 MacBook update, some Apple engineers wanted to add a Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a second USB-C port (which would have made some power users happy). The update instead included a new rose gold colour option alongside a standard speed increase. The internal turmoil has taken a toll. More than a dozen engineers and managers working on Mac hardware have left for different Apple teams or other companies in the past year and a half, said people familiar with the situation. Some were looking for a less all-consuming work environment, while others felt the future of Mac hardware was unclear in a world of iPhones and iPads. A sign that the company has prioritised the iPhone, Apple re-organised its software engineering department so there's no longer a dedicated Mac operating system team. Photo / AP In 2013, Apple launched a redesigned Mac Pro, a black cylinder with bright white LED lights. It was a powerful desktop machine created partly to cast a halo over the entire Macintosh lineup. The Mac Pro was also the first Apple computer in years to be assembled in the U.S. Under pressure from politicians to create manufacturing jobs at home, Apple was looking to score political points. The decision caused production headaches though. The Mac Pro's glossy exterior and chrome bevelled edges meant Apple had to make its own manufacturing tools and then train people to run those machines in an assembly plant. This slowed production and constrained Apple's ability to make enough computers to meet demand. Three years on, the Mac Pro is ripe for an upgrade with its chips and connector ports lagging rival products. Because of the earlier challenges, some Apple engineers have raised the possibility of moving production back to Asia, where it's cheaper and manufacturers have the required skills for ambitious products, according to a person familiar with those internal discussions. The political environment is tougher for such a move now. During his campaign, President-elect Donald Trump hammered Apple for building most of its products overseas and since his election he has pushed other companies to keep some jobs in the U.S. Still, Apple hasn't given up on Macs. In a recent company Q&A session, employees asked whether Mac desktop computers remain strategically important. "We have great desktops in our roadmap. Nobody should worry about that," Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said, according to a transcript of the discussion obtained by Bloomberg News. The latest MacBook Pro has a "Touch Bar," a thin touch screen built into the keyboard that lets users quickly access app shortcuts, change system settings, and pick emojis. The laptop also has Touch ID to speed up online purchases and a giant track pad for easier gesture control. Apple designers are already exploring standalone keyboards with the touch strip and a fingerprint reader for desktops. Apple will decide whether to release these based on how well the features do on the MacBook Pro. Mac fans shouldn't hold their breath for radical new designs in 2017 though. Instead, the company is preparing modest updates: USB-C ports and a new Advanced Micro Devices Inc. graphics processor for the iMac, and minor bumps in processing power for the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro. Cue the outrage. - Bloomberg By Mark Gurman Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Two die walking on Northland roads The man who died while walking home from a New Year's eve party at Kerikeri has been… Hawke's Bay Today Scholarships will broaden students' horizons Two tertiary students hailing from the Hawke's Bay region have been granted Prime Minister's… Bay of Plenty Times Port of Tauranga Half attracts top fields The third edition of the Mount Festival of Multisport is set to captivate the huge post-New… Our Features' Top Stories Driven R35 GT-R pilot eyes D1NZ title as round two approaches Former national drifting champion in search of second title with new machine... Viva New year, new you! Tips for starting 2017 right Dr Libby Weaver, Kirsty Godso, Art Green and more share their easy wellbeing tips for… True Commercial Immigration boosts commercial property demand The commercial property market continues its strong performance More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf03 at 03 Jan 2017 15:49:46 Processing Time: 39ms
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel's Data Center Business Is Booming The non-processor portion of Intel's data center group is expected to grow at a speedy rate. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Dec 20, 2016 at 6:20PM Much of the revenue that microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) enjoys from its data center group (DCG) comes from the sale of central processing units (CPUs). However, at its investor meeting back in late 2015, Intel DCG chief Diane Bryant said that the of the 15% compounded annual revenue growth (CAGR) that the company expected to see from DCG between 2015 and 2019, 3% of that growth rate would come from non-CPU products. Intel DCG chief Diane Bryant holding a silicon photonics module, one of the products that Intel is banking on for growth outside of CPUs. Image source: Intel.  Put another way, since Intel expected its CPU business within DCG to grow at a 12% CAGR through 2019, the growth rate of its non-CPU business would have to be substantially higher to bring the business unit CAGR to 15% (since the non-CPU part of the business was, in 2015, dramatically smaller than its CPU business). Let's look at how the non-CPU business within Intel's DCG trended throughout 2016 and what drivers are expected to continue to fuel its growth in the years ahead. Outpacing CPUs in 2016 Over the last three quarters, the non-CPU business within DCG saw revenue growth of 17.8% over the first three quarters of 2015, hitting $979 million (up from $831 million). The revenue growth that Intel saw from "platforms" (essentially CPUs and their related chipsets) in DCG over that time was just 6.89% -- less than half the growth rate of the non-CPU business. The total year-to-date revenue growth rate in this business for Intel has been around 7.67%, so the non-CPU business contributed to just under one percentage point of the total growth rate. Ramping up across 2016; implied 42.6% growth rate through 2019 The year-over-year growth in DCG's non-CPU revenues has accelerated throughout 2016. In the first quarter the growth rate was just 7.25%. It accelerated to 10.75% during the second quarter, and then skyrocketed to 33.57% during the third quarter of 2016. The company's fourth-quarter results aren't in yet (they'll be available in late January), but I wouldn't be surprised if the growth rate in Intel's non-CPU DCG business stayed at elevated levels in the fourth quarter of 2016. Intel's previous DCG growth rate expectation seems to suggest that investors will see a significant acceleration in that growth rate over the next couple of years. To deconstruct the math, if Intel's DCG grew at a 15% compounded annual growth rate from 2015 through 2019 and Intel expected CPUs/platforms to grow at a 12% compounded annual growth rate through that period, this would imply roughly $4.53 billion in non-CPU DCG revenue by 2019 -- up from $1.095 billion in 2015. That, for what it's worth, implies a 42.6% compounded annual growth rate for the non-CPU portion of Intel's DCG through 2019 -- significantly higher than what the company is likely to see in 2016. Now, Intel isn't expecting to hit 15% growth in DCG this year, lowering its full-year guidance for DCG to "high-single digits" (i.e., 7% to 9%), but the point is clear: Intel is expecting some phenomenal growth from the non-CPU portions of DCG out in time. Some notes of caution The recent acceleration in the revenue growth rate in this sub-segment of DCG is encouraging, but investors should always keep in mind that having visibility into business trends even just a couple of quarters out, let alone several years out, is extremely tough. That's why, even though Intel has had its 15% DCG compounded annual growth rate target out there for years, it has very rarely actually hit it.  Take Intel's long-term growth targets, both for DCG and those implied for each sub-segment of DCG (CPU and non-CPU), for what they are: goals that the company is aspiring to, not hard-and-fast guarantees. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Dec 20, 2016 at 6:20PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.29 down $0.37 (-1.01%) Read More Ignore Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.: Here Are 2 Better Stocks 1 Way ARM Threatens Intel's Data Center Business 5 Reasons Advanced Micro Devices Inc. Stock Could Rise in 2017 Intel's Next-Generation Server Processors Will Be Built on 10-Nanometer Tech Intel Corporation's Huge Bet on the Data Center Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Intel's Data Center Business Is Booming #stocks $INTC
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel's Data Center Business Is Booming The non-processor portion of Intel's data center group is expected to grow at a speedy rate. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Dec 20, 2016 at 6:20PM Much of the revenue that microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) enjoys from its data center group (DCG) comes from the sale of central processing units (CPUs). However, at its investor meeting back in late 2015, Intel DCG chief Diane Bryant said that the of the 15% compounded annual revenue growth (CAGR) that the company expected to see from DCG between 2015 and 2019, 3% of that growth rate would come from non-CPU products. Intel DCG chief Diane Bryant holding a silicon photonics module, one of the products that Intel is banking on for growth outside of CPUs. Image source: Intel.  Put another way, since Intel expected its CPU business within DCG to grow at a 12% CAGR through 2019, the growth rate of its non-CPU business would have to be substantially higher to bring the business unit CAGR to 15% (since the non-CPU part of the business was, in 2015, dramatically smaller than its CPU business). Let's look at how the non-CPU business within Intel's DCG trended throughout 2016 and what drivers are expected to continue to fuel its growth in the years ahead. Outpacing CPUs in 2016 Over the last three quarters, the non-CPU business within DCG saw revenue growth of 17.8% over the first three quarters of 2015, hitting $979 million (up from $831 million). The revenue growth that Intel saw from "platforms" (essentially CPUs and their related chipsets) in DCG over that time was just 6.89% -- less than half the growth rate of the non-CPU business. The total year-to-date revenue growth rate in this business for Intel has been around 7.67%, so the non-CPU business contributed to just under one percentage point of the total growth rate. Ramping up across 2016; implied 42.6% growth rate through 2019 The year-over-year growth in DCG's non-CPU revenues has accelerated throughout 2016. In the first quarter the growth rate was just 7.25%. It accelerated to 10.75% during the second quarter, and then skyrocketed to 33.57% during the third quarter of 2016. The company's fourth-quarter results aren't in yet (they'll be available in late January), but I wouldn't be surprised if the growth rate in Intel's non-CPU DCG business stayed at elevated levels in the fourth quarter of 2016. Intel's previous DCG growth rate expectation seems to suggest that investors will see a significant acceleration in that growth rate over the next couple of years. To deconstruct the math, if Intel's DCG grew at a 15% compounded annual growth rate from 2015 through 2019 and Intel expected CPUs/platforms to grow at a 12% compounded annual growth rate through that period, this would imply roughly $4.53 billion in non-CPU DCG revenue by 2019 -- up from $1.095 billion in 2015. That, for what it's worth, implies a 42.6% compounded annual growth rate for the non-CPU portion of Intel's DCG through 2019 -- significantly higher than what the company is likely to see in 2016. Now, Intel isn't expecting to hit 15% growth in DCG this year, lowering its full-year guidance for DCG to "high-single digits" (i.e., 7% to 9%), but the point is clear: Intel is expecting some phenomenal growth from the non-CPU portions of DCG out in time. Some notes of caution The recent acceleration in the revenue growth rate in this sub-segment of DCG is encouraging, but investors should always keep in mind that having visibility into business trends even just a couple of quarters out, let alone several years out, is extremely tough. That's why, even though Intel has had its 15% DCG compounded annual growth rate target out there for years, it has very rarely actually hit it.  Take Intel's long-term growth targets, both for DCG and those implied for each sub-segment of DCG (CPU and non-CPU), for what they are: goals that the company is aspiring to, not hard-and-fast guarantees. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Dec 20, 2016 at 6:20PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.29 down $0.37 (-1.01%) Read More Ignore Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.: Here Are 2 Better Stocks 1 Way ARM Threatens Intel's Data Center Business 5 Reasons Advanced Micro Devices Inc. Stock Could Rise in 2017 Intel's Next-Generation Server Processors Will Be Built on 10-Nanometer Tech Intel Corporation's Huge Bet on the Data Center Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Intel's Data Center Business Is Booming #stocks $INTC
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel's Financial Stagnation Intel's operating margins have come down quite a bit since 2011, as revenues have stagnated but operating expenses have surged. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Dec 19, 2016 at 9:20PM Microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) had some truly phenomenal years in 2010 and 2011. In 2010, the company rebounded nicely from the Great Recession, enjoying year-over-year revenue growth of 24%,  operating profit growth of 179%, and net income growth of 167%. In 2011, Intel pulled it off again, growing revenue by 24% year over year, all while enjoying robust operating income and net income growth to boot. Of that revenue growth, $3.6 billion came from the integration of McAfee and Intel Mobile Communication, so organic revenue growth was "just" 16%. Since then, though, Intel has suffered from a bad case of financial stagnation. Image source: Intel.  Flat revenue and higher operating expenses mean lower profits In 2011, Intel's full-year revenue came in at $54 billion. In 2012 and 2013, the figure dipped to $53.34 billion and $52.7 billion, respectively. Then, in 2014 and 2015, Intel managed to achieve revenue of $55.87 billion and $55.36 billion, respectively -- just beating out its 2011 figure. In other words, Intel's revenues stagnated during that time. A similar story applies to the company's gross profit margin percentage. After hitting an astonishing 66% in 2010, this figure hit a high of 63.7% in 2014 and a low of 59.8% in 2013 -- also largely range-bound. In contrast to the stagnant revenues and gross profit margin percentage, Intel's operating expenses have shot straight up. In 2011, Intel's operating expenses came in at an enormous $16.28 billion. Between then and 2015, that figure climbed to $20.67 billion. It's no surprise, then, that 2011 represented a multiyear peak in the company's operating income. How do things get better? Operating income is essentially a function of three variables: revenue, gross profit margin, and operating expenses. Earlier this year, we saw Intel announce a restructuring program designed to reduce operating expenses by $1.4 billion on an annual basis. However, even though the company said it expects to see $750 million in savings this year, the company's research and development plus marketing, general, and administrative expenses were up from $14.82 billion in the first nine months of 2015 to $15.7 billion in the first nine months of 2016 (5.92% year-over-year). It's not clear what kind of operating expense growth rate Intel is planning for over the next couple of years, but I don't think investors can count on seeing Intel stop its spending growth. So, for Intel to start really boosting its financial performance, it's going to need to do two things: Accelerate revenue growth. Improve its gross profit margin. If Intel can grow its revenue at a pace faster than it grows operating expenses, then that would bode well for the company's overall profitability. That's easier said than done, though, as more than half of the company's revenue still depends on the declining personal computer market. Intel is going to need to continue to stabilize its personal-computer-related revenues while trying to tap new growth opportunities in other, healthier markets.  Another way to help boost operating margin would be to grow its gross profit margin percentage. Gross profit margin is a function of the company's cost of goods sold -- how much it costs to manufacture, package, and distribute products -- as well as of the selling prices of its products. Intel has said that its long-term gross profit margin percentage goal is between 55% and 65%. Over the past three quarters, on a non-GAAP basis, Intel's gross profit margin percentage has been running near the high end of that range: Data source: Intel financial statements. The bad news is that there's not a ton more room left for Intel's gross margin to grow, assuming it maintains the 55%-65% target range. However, if Intel is able to sharpen its execution further and bring its annual gross profit margin percentages up just a point, it could translate into much-needed operating margin expansion. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Dec 19, 2016 at 9:20PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.29 down $0.37 (-1.01%) Read More Ignore Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.: Here Are 2 Better Stocks 1 Way ARM Threatens Intel's Data Center Business 5 Reasons Advanced Micro Devices Inc. Stock Could Rise in 2017 Intel's Next-Generation Server Processors Will Be Built on 10-Nanometer Tech Intel Corporation's Huge Bet on the Data Center Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Intel's Financial Stagnation #stocks $INTC
/ Performance Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Sign In / Join {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Web Dev Let's be friends: The Truth About Traditional JavaScript Benchmarks (Part 3 - Kraken) The problem with benchmarks is that they give you hints about where to look and what to do but won't tell you how far you have to go or protect the optimization properly. by Benedikt Meurer · Dec. 21, 16 · Performance Zone Like (4) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free Evolve your approach to Application Performance Monitoring by adopting five best practices that are outlined and explored in this e-book, brought to you in partnership with BMC. Continuing on with the series, I plan to highlight a few concrete examples that illustrate why I think it’s not only useful but crucial for the health of the JavaScript community to stop paying attention to static peak performance benchmarks above a certain threshold. Last post, we talked about the notorious SunSpider examples, this post we'll go into detail about the Kraken benchmark. The Not-So-Obvious Kraken Case The Kraken benchmark was released by Mozilla in September 2010. It was said to contain snippets and kernels of real-world applications and be less of a micro-benchmark compared to SunSpider. I don’t want to spend too much time on Kraken because I think it wasn’t as influential on JavaScript performance as SunSpider and Octane, so I’ll highlight one particular example from the audio-oscillator.js test. So, the test invokes the calcOsc function 500 times. calcOsc first calls generate on the global sineOscillator, then creates a new Oscillator, calls generate on that, and adds it to the global sine oscillator. Without going into detail as to why the test is doing this, let’s have a look at the generate method on the Oscillator prototype. Looking at the code, you’d expect this to be dominated by the array accesses or the multiplications or the Math.round calls in the loop, but surprisingly, what’s completely dominating the runtime of Oscillator.prototype.generate is the offset % this.waveTableLength expression. Running this benchmark in a profiler on any Intel machine reveals that more than 20% of the ticks are attributed to the idiv instruction that we generate for the modulus. One interesting observation, however, is that the waveTableLength field of the Oscillator instances always contains the same value 2048, as it’s only assigned once in the Oscillator constructor. If we know that the right hand side of an integer modulus operation is a power of two, we can generate way better code obviously and completely avoid the idiv instruction on Intel. So, what we needed was a way to get the information that this.waveTableLength is always 2048 from the Oscillator constructor to the modulus operation in Oscillator.prototype.generate. One obvious way would be to try to rely on inlining of everything into the calcOsc function and let load/store elimination do the constant propagation for us, but this would not work for the sine oscillator, which is allocated outside the calcOsc function. So, what we did instead was add support for tracking certain constant values as right-hand side feedback for the modulus operator. This does make some sense in V8 since we track type feedback for binary operations like +, * and % on uses, which means the operator tracks the types of inputs it has seen and the types of outputs that were produced (see the slides from the roundtable talk on Fast arithmetic for dynamic languages recently for some details). Hooking this up with fullcodegen and Crankshaft was even fairly easy back then. The BinaryOpIC for MOD can also track known power of two right hand sides. In fact, running the default configuration of V8 (with Crankshaft and fullcodegen): $ ~/Projects/v8/out/Release/d8 --trace-ic audio-oscillator.js
[...SNIP...]
[BinaryOpIC(MOD:None*None->None) => (MOD:Smi*2048->Smi) @ ~Oscillator.generate+598 at audio-oscillator.js:697]
[...SNIP...]
$ ...shows that the BinaryOpIC is picking up the proper constant feedback for the right-hand side of the modulus and properly tracks that the left-hand side was always a small integer (a Smi in V8 speak), and we also always produced a small integer result. Looking at the generated code using --print-opt-code --code-comments quickly reveals that Crankshaft utilizes the feedback to generate an efficient code sequence for the integer modulus in Oscillator.prototype.generate: [...SNIP...]
                  ;;; <@80,#84> load-named-field
0x133a0bdacc4a   330  8b4343         movl rax,[rbx+0x43]
                  ;;; <@83,#86> compare-numeric-and-branch
0x133a0bdacc4d   333  3d00080000     cmp rax,0x800
0x133a0bdacc52   338  0f85ff000000   jnz 599  (0x133a0bdacd57)
[...SNIP...]
                  ;;; <@90,#94> mod-by-power-of-2-i
0x133a0bdacc5b   347  4585db         testl r11,r11
0x133a0bdacc5e   350  790f           jns 367  (0x133a0bdacc6f)
0x133a0bdacc60   352  41f7db         negl r11
0x133a0bdacc63   355  4181e3ff070000 andl r11,0x7ff
0x133a0bdacc6a   362  41f7db         negl r11
0x133a0bdacc6d   365  eb07           jmp 374  (0x133a0bdacc76)
0x133a0bdacc6f   367  4181e3ff070000 andl r11,0x7ff
[...SNIP...]
                  ;;; <@127,#88> deoptimize
0x133a0bdacd57   599  e81273cdff     call 0x133a0ba8406e
[...SNIP...] So, you see we load the value of this.waveTableLength (rbx holds the this reference), check that it’s still 2048 (hexadecimal 0x800), and if so, just perform a bitwise and with the proper bitmask 0x7ff (r11 contains the value of the loop induction variable i) instead of using the idiv instruction (paying proper attention to preserve the sign of the left hand side). The Over-Specialization Issue So, this trick is pretty damn cool, but as with many benchmark-focused tricks, it has one major drawback: it’s overspecialized! As soon as the right hand side changes, all optimized code will have to be deoptimized (as the assumption that the right hand is always a certain power of two no longer holds) and any further optimization attempts will have to use idiv again, as the BinaryOpIC will most likely report feedback in the form Smi*Smi->Smi then. For example, let’s assume we instantiate another Oscillator, set a differentwaveTableLength on it, and call generate for the oscillator. We’d lose 20% performance even though the actually interesting Oscillators are not affected (i.e., the engine does non-local penalization here). --- audio-oscillator.js.ORIG    2016-12-15 22:01:43.897033156 +0100
+++ audio-oscillator.js 2016-12-15 22:02:26.397326067 +0100
@@ -1931,6 +1931,10 @@
 var frequency = 344.53;
 var sine = new Oscillator(Oscillator.Sine, frequency, 1, bufferSize, sampleRate);

+var unused = new Oscillator(Oscillator.Sine, frequency, 1, bufferSize, sampleRate);
+unused.waveTableLength = 1024;
+unused.generate();
+
 var calcOsc = function() {
   sine.generate(); Comparing the execution times of the original audio-oscillator.js and the version that contains an additional unusedOscillator instance with a modified waveTableLength shows the expected results: $ ~/Projects/v8/out/Release/d8 audio-oscillator.js.ORIG
Time (audio-oscillator-once): 64 ms.
$ ~/Projects/v8/out/Release/d8 audio-oscillator.js
Time (audio-oscillator-once): 81 ms.
$ This is an example for a pretty terrible performance cliff. Let’s say a developer writes code for a library and does careful tweaking and optimizations using certain sample input values, and the performance is decent. Now a user starts using that library reading through the performance notes, but somehow falls off the performance cliff, because she/he is using the library in a slightly different way (i.e., somehow polluting type feedback for a certain BinaryOpIC,) and is hit by a 20% slowdown (compared to the measurements of the library author) that neither the library author nor the user can explain, and that seems rather arbitrary. Now, this is not uncommon in JavaScript land, and unfortunately, quite a couple of these cliffs are just unavoidable, because they are due to the fact that JavaScript performance is based on optimistic assumptions and speculation. We have been spending a lot of time and energy trying to come up with ways to avoid these performance cliffs, and still provide (nearly) the same performance. As it turns out, it makes a lot of sense to avoid idiv whenever possible even if you don’t necessarily know that the right-hand side is always a power of two (via dynamic feedback). What TurboFan does is different from Crankshaft in that it always checks at runtime whether the input is a power of two, so a general case for signed integer modulus with optimization for an unknown power of two right-hand side looks like this (in pseudo-code): if 0 < rhs then
  msk = rhs - 1
  if rhs & msk != 0 then
    lhs % rhs
  else
    if lhs < 0 then
      -(-lhs & msk)
    else
      lhs & msk
else
  if rhs < -1 then
    lhs % rhs
  else
    zero That leads to a lot more consistent and predictable performance (with TurboFan): $ ~/Projects/v8/out/Release/d8 --turbo audio-oscillator.js.ORIG
Time (audio-oscillator-once): 69 ms.
$ ~/Projects/v8/out/Release/d8 --turbo audio-oscillator.js
Time (audio-oscillator-once): 69 ms.
$ The problem with benchmarks and overspecialization is that the benchmark can give you hints where to look and what to do, but it doesn’t tell you how far you have to go and doesn’t protect the optimization properly. For example, all JavaScript engines use benchmarks as a way to guard against performance regressions, but running Kraken, for example, wouldn’t protect the general approach that we have in TurboFan, i.e., we could degrade the modulus optimization in TurboFan to the over-specialized version of Crankshaft and the benchmark wouldn’t tell us that we regressed, because from the point of view of the benchmark it’s fine! Now, you could extend the benchmark, maybe in the same way that I did above and try to cover everything with benchmarks, which is what engine implementors do to a certain extent. However, that approach doesn’t scale arbitrarily. Even though benchmarks are convenient and easy to use for communication and competition, you’ll also need to leave space for common sense, otherwise over-specialization will dominate everything and you’ll have a really, really fine line of acceptable performance and big performance cliffs. There are various other issues with the Kraken tests. Next time, we'll look at what is probably the most influential JavaScript benchmark of the last five years: the Octane benchmark. Stay tuned for part four. Here are part one and part two, in case you missed them. Learn tips and best practices for optimizing your capacity management strategy with the Market Guide for Capacity Management, brought to you in partnership with BMC. Like This Article? Read More From DZone The Truth About Traditional JavaScript Benchmarks (Part 4 - Octane) The Truth About Traditional JavaScript Benchmarks (Part 1 - Introduction) The Truth About Traditional JavaScript Benchmarks (Part 2 - SunSpider) Free Resource Introduction to Docker Monitoring Topics: performance,javascript,benchmarks,kraken Like (4) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Published at DZone with permission of Benedikt Meurer, DZone MVB. See the original article here. Opinions expressed by DZone contributors are their own. Performance Partner Resources Go Beyond Mere Monitoring BMC Account Takeover: How Hacking Happens Immunio Increase DevOps Success BMC Evolve your approach to Application Performance Monitoring BMC Real-Time Web Application Security Immunio Detect and Diagnose Performance Issues BMC The best of DZone straight to your inbox. SEE AN EXAMPLE SUBSCRIBE Please provide a valid email address. Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. Subscribe {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Newegg Mobile Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event The Best of 2016 What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 41 1962 127 728 990 27 180 318 107 74 739 425 Editor Tested Avegant Glyph, A Personal Theater CarVi, A Smarter Driving Assistant Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Trending Events Ushering in a New You Radio Controlled Tech Deals For Sellers Sell on Marketplace iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Components >  Motherboards >  Intel Motherboards >  GIGABYTE >  Item#: N82E16813128885 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … GIGABYTE GA-X99P-SLI (rev. 1.0) LGA 2011-v3 Intel X99 SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.1 USB 3.0 ATX Intel Motherboard Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Intel X99 Core i7 (LGA2011-v3) DDR4 3333(O.C.)/ 3200(O.C.)/ 3000(O.C.)/ 2800(O.C.)/ 2666(O.C.)/ 2400(O.C.)/ 2133 LOADING... GIGABYTE GA-X99P-SLI (rev. 1.0) LGA 2011-v3 Intel X99 SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.1 USB 3.0 ATX Intel Motherboard Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A GIGABYTE GA-X99P-SLI (rev. 1.0) LGA 2011-v3 Intel X99 SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.1 USB 3.0 ATX Intel Motherboard World's First Intel® Thunderbolt™ 3 Certified X99 Motherboard World's 1st USB-IF Certified Intel® USB 3.1 Controller with USB Type-C™ PCIe Gen3/Gen2 x4 M.2 interface with up to 32Gb/s Data Transfer (PCIe NVMe SSD support) Supports New Intel® Core™ i7 Processor Extreme Edition Support for DDR4 XMP up to 3333MHz Genuine All Digital Power Design with IR Digital PWM & IR PowIRstage® ICs 4-Way Graphics with Premium PCIe Lane Realtek ALC1150 115dB SNR HD Audio with built-in Rear Audio Amplifier Independent Right and Left Audio Channel PCB Layers High-end Nichicon Audio Capacitors Audio Noise Guard with Multi-Color Choices of LED Trace Path Lighting All Stainless Steel connectors on rear panel SATA Express support for up to 10 Gb/s data transfer GIGABYTE UEFI DualBIOS™ Long lifespan Durable Black™ Solid caps APP Center including EasyTune™ and Cloud Station™ utilities Safer Design Around Screw Mounting Holes Feature Upgrade Possible support GIGABYTE Ultra Durable ™ Motherboards The GIGABYTE GA-X99P-SLI motherboard supports the latest Intel® Core™ i7 Extreme Edition processors and quad channel DDR4 memory. Designed to fulfill the needs of the high-end desktop segment, the X99P-SLI is the ultimate motherboard for users wanting long lasting quality, unrivaled performance, cutting edge features and great looks that complement any system build. GIGABYTE X99P-SLI World's First Intel® Thunderbolt™ 3 Certified X99 Motherboard The GIGABYTE X99P-SLI motherboard is the world's first X99 motherboard to be certified to support Thunderbolt™ 3. This gives enthusiasts that need the tried-and-true horsepower and reliability of the X99 chipset access to the world’s fastest connectivity protocol. Powered by Intel’s own Thunderbolt 3 controller, the new Thunderbolt 3 protocol is available over a USB Type-C™ connector on the back I/O of select GIGABYTE motherboards including the X99P-SLI. Bringing an unprecedented single-wire bandwidth of up to 40 Gb/s -- twice more than the previous generation! Support for Thunderbolt 3 on the GIGABYTE GA-X99P-SLI motherboard opens up a world of possibilities for enthusiasts or professionals using the X99 chipset. With the unmatched bandwidth that Thunderbolt 3 provides, enthusiasts can use new devices such as discrete GPU boxes, external quad M.2 drives or U.2 expansion drives. Support for DisplayPort 1.2 makes Thunderbolt™ 3 a must have for any power user, but in order for Thunderbolt 3 to be able to carry a video signal on the X99 platform, the DisplayPort of a discrete graphics card must be connected to the X99P-SLI onboard DisplayPort-In via a DisplayPort cable. Feature Upgrade Possible The packing includes Two cables for further feature upgrade: * DisplayPort to mini-DisplayPort * DisplayPort to DisplayPort Daisy-chain Multiple Devices Support for DisplayPort 1.2 makes Thunderbolt™ 3 a must have for any enthusiast. The X99P-SLI is able to support a display in 4K resolution at 60 FPS. In addition, Thunderbolt™ 3 over USB Type-C™ has revolutionary industry-first features such as Power Delivery 2.0, and the ability to daisy-chain up to 6 devices thanks to the X99P-SLI's USB Type-C™ port. The Intel® USB 3.1 controller utilizes 4 PCIe Gen3 lanes, offering up to 32 Gb/s total bandwidth, for uncompromised transfer speeds of up to 10 Gb/s per USB 3.1. With twice the bandwidth compared to its previous generation, and backwards compatibility with USB 2.0 and 3.0, the much improved USB 3.1 protocol is available over the new reversible USB Type-C™ and the traditional USB Standard-A connector for better compatibility over a wider range of devices. Connecting the Future - USB Type-C™: The World's Next Universal Connector Reversible USB Type-C™ with USB 3.1 The USB Type-C™ is a new reversible connector that is loaded with useful features such as USB 3.1 support for 10 Gb/s transfer speed and DisplayPort 1.2 support to connect 4K monitors. Powered by the Intel® controller, this little port is the better USB Type-C™. * Display feature may vary by model. Fast Onboard Storage with 32Gb/s M.2 GIGABYTE M.2 solution offers considerably faster storage performance and support for PCIe NVMe SSD devices. Industry Leading Ultra Durable™ PCIe Metal Shielding The innovative one piece stainless steel shielding design from GIGABYTE reinforces the PCIe connectors to provide the extra strength required to support heavy graphics cards. LED Trace Path with Multi-Color Choices Personalize your next PC rig to your liking by selecting the color of your choice to illuminate the LED trace path lighting. A total of 7 colors are available to make your system appearance unique! Performance Support for DDR4 XMP up to 3333MHz DDR4 memory modules are available at a stock frequency of 2133MHz, but memory vendors encode XMP profiles which can automatically modify the frequency and timings of the supported memory modules to work in par with your CPU. With the X99 Champion Series, GIGABYTE is offering a tested and proven platform that ensures proper compatibility with profiles up to 3333MHz. What is XMP? The synchronization of the memory modules with the CPU is crucial for good performance of your system. DDR4 memory modules are available at a stock frequency of 2133MHz, but as frequency tweaking requires a considerable amount of effort and knowledge, memory vendors encode XMP profiles which can automatically modify the timings of the supported memory modules to work with your CPU and to achieve increased performance. * XMP Profile support may vary depending on memory module. Please refer "Memory Support List" for more information. Genuine All Digital Power Design GIGABYTE X99 series motherboards use an all digital CPU power design from International Rectifier® which includes both 4th Generation digital PWM Controllers and industry-leading 3rd Generation PowIRstage® controllers. These 100% digital controllers offer incredible precision in delivering power to the motherboard's most power-hungry and energy-sensitive components, allowing enthusiasts to get the absolute maximum performance from their new Intel® Core™ i7 Extreme Edition CPUs. IR Digital PWM & IR PowIRstage® ICs This new generation of IR® digital power controllers and PowIRstage® ICs feature Isense technology, which provide more precise current sensing accuracy. This helps evenly distribute the thermal loading between the PowerIRstage® ICs, preventing the overheating of each individual PowerIRstage®, resulting in longer lifespan and better reliability. Single Package Design IR® has leveraged it's world class packaging technology developed for the DirectFET®, improving the thermal capability and layout of the PowIRstage® significantly over that of other MCM packages. Single Package Design* VS. Multi-Chip Design Other MOSFET layout implementations use a multi-chip, side-by-side arrangement of the high and low side MOSFETs and driver ICs, taking up significant board real estate and creating more electrical leakage. 4-Way SLI™/4-Way CrossFire™ Multi-Graphics Multi-graphics configuration offers better graphics performance for gaming enthusiasts who demand the highest frame rates without compromising on resolution. Next Generation SATA Express Connector GIGABYTE X99 series motherboards feature an onboard SATA Express connector which provides performance far superior to that of current SATA technologies. SATA Express features data transfer rates of up to 10Gb/s, considerably higher than SATA Revision 3 (6Gb/s), which won’t bottleneck faster NAND flash technologies in cutting edge SSDs. SATA Express combines the benefits of PCI-Express and SATA to provide much higher bandwidth, allowing SATA Express based drives to perform at similar speeds as PCI-Express based drives. High Definition Audio Design The Realtek ALC1150 is a high-performance multi-channel high definition audio codec that delivers an exceptional audio listening experience with up to 115dB SNR, ensuring users get the best possible audio quality from their PC. High Quality audio capacitors deliver the highest quality sound resolution and sound expansion to create the most realistic sound effects for professional gamers. Independent Right and Left Audio Channel PCB Layers Locating the right and left audio channels on separate PCB layers, GIGABYTE X99 series motherboards are able to eliminate channel crosstalk and maintain the best audio quality. Intel® GbE LAN with cFosSpeed Intel® GbE LAN features cFosSpeed, a network traffic management application which helps to improve network latency, maintaining low ping times to deliver better responsiveness in a crowded LAN environments. Durable Server Level Chokes GIGABYTE X99 series motherboards feature Server Level Chokes. Server level reliability. High current capacity. New design reduces heat created by power loss and provides efficient power delivery to CPU VRM area. Long Lifespan Durable Black™ Solid Caps GIGABYTE X99 series motherboards integrate the absolute best quality solid state capacitors that are rated to perform at maximum efficiency for extended periods, even in extreme performance configurations. This provides peace of mind for end users who want to push their system hard, yet demand absolute reliability and stability. With ultra-low ESR no matter how high the CPU loading, these exclusive capacitors also come in customized jet black, exclusively on GIGABYTE X99 series motherboards. Gold Plated CPU Socket GIGABYTE X99 motherboards come equipped with gold plating for the CPU socket, 4 PCIe slots and over the 8 DIMM slots, which means that enthusiasts can enjoy better connectivity, absolute reliability and longevity for the diverse connectors overtime, without having any concerns about corroded pins and bad contacts. 2x Copper PCB Design(2 oz Copper PCB) GIGABYTE's exclusive 2X Copper PCBs design provides sufficient power trace paths between components to handle greater than normal power loads and to remove heat from the critical CPU power delivery area. This is essential to ensure the motherboard is able to handle the increased power loading that is necessary when overclocking. Safe GIGABYTE Patented DualBIOS™ Design GIGABYTE DualBIOS™ means that you motherboard has both a 'Main BIOS' and a 'Backup BIOS', making users protected from BIOS failure due to virus attack, hardware malfunction, improper OC settings or power failure during the update process. Safer Design Around Screw Mounting Holes Don't worry anymore about accidental damage while mounting your motherboard to you chassis. GIGABYTE X99 motherboards all feature a wider copper ground pad and onboard components free area around the PCB screw mounting holes. This exclusive design reduces the chances of damaging any surrounding onboard components during the PC assembly process. Bigger copper ground pads also provide the added benefit of lower EMI disturbance for reduced noise interference across your system. Intel® Core™ i7 Extreme Edition CPUs(Haswell-E) Intel® Core™ i7 Extreme Edition Processors are Intel's first 8 core desktop CPUs and is the first to support DDR4 memory. These next generation 22nm CPUs delivers greater performance and energy efficiency as well as the industry's highest level of discrete graphics performance by sporting 40 PCIe Gen.3 lanes, which GIGABYTE X99 motherboards are able to take full advantage of, delivering bandwidth totaling 320 Gb/s for the most demanding gamers or graphics intensive creation tasks such as video editing. On top of that, Intel® Core™ i7 Extreme Edition CPUs deliver 8 core (16 threaded) multitask processing, higher frequencies, as well as larger cache size. Additionally, GIGABYTE X99 users can draw even more performance out of their Extreme Edition CPUs, as they are fully unlocked for overclocking. With enhanced overclocking oriented options available on all GIGABYTE X99 series motherboards, users will be able to take full advantage of all the performance potential of Intel Extreme Edition CPUs. * CPU core count and PCIe bandwidth varies by CPU model. 4 Channel DDR4 The next generation of DRAM is here with DDR4. Featuring stock frequencies starting at 2133 MHz, DDR4 delivers up to 20% less energy consumption and twice as much density as the previous generation DDR3. DDR4 can help GIGABYTE X99 users to load their programs faster, increase responsiveness of their system and help them to handle heavy data tasks in a flash. GIGABYTE X99 motherboards provide 4 Channel DDR4 memory support across the entire range, bringing exceptionally fast memory access. GIGABYTE App Center Including EasyTune™ and Cloud Station™ Utilities GIGABYTE APP Center The GIGABYTE APP Center gives you easy access to a wealth of GIGABYTE apps that help you get the most from your GIGABYTE motherboard. Using a simple, unified user interface, GIGABYTE APP Center allows you to easily launch all GIGABYTE apps installed on your system, check related updates online, and download the latest apps, drivers, and BIOS. Customized the APP Center's look and behavior according to your taste in the Preferences Menu. EasyTune™ GIGABYTE EasyTune™ is a simple and easy-to-use Windows-based software application that allows users to fine-tune their system settings. Adjust system and memory clocks and voltages in a Windows environment. System-related information display without the need to install additional software. Overclocking Boost Your Frame Rates Get the most from your PC with easy to use GIGABYTE overclocking features. Smart Quick Boost Smart Quick Boost provides users with different levels of CPU frequency to choose to achieve desired system performance. Advanced CPU OC Advanced CPU OC allows users to set the CPU's base clock, frequency and voltages, and integrated graphics frequency. Advanced DDR OC Advanced DDR OC allows users to set the memory clock with XMP profile support. 3D Power 3D Power allows users to change power phase, voltage, and frequency settings. Cloud Station™ Server GIGABYTE Cloud Station™ Server is composed of several GIGABYTE's unique apps that allow your smart phone/tablet/PC devices to communicate, share resources, and control desktop PCs via wireless connection. HomeCloud HomeCloud allows users to share the files between your smartphone/tablet device and computer or backup the files from the device to the computer. HotSpot HotSpot turns your computer into a virtual wireless access point and allows you to share your connection with your other wireless devices. GIGABYTE Remote GIGABYTE Remote allows users to remotely control the mouse/keyboard/Windows Media Player on your computer from your smartphone/tablet device. Remote OC Remote OC allows users to remotely control their desktop PC with a powerful suite of software functions that Include overclocking and system tweaking, system monitoring plus the ability to also remotely power down/reset the PC when needed. Auto Green Auto Green is an easy-to-use tool that provides users with simple options to enable system power savings via a Bluetooth-enabled smart phone/tablet device. When the device is out of the range of the computer's Bluetooth receiver, the system will enter the specified power saving mode. Learn more about the GIGABYTE GA-X99P-SLI (rev. 1.0) Model| Brand GIGABYTE Model GA-X99P-SLI (rev. 1.0) Supported CPU| CPU Socket Type LGA 2011-v3 CPU Type Core i7 (LGA2011-v3) Chipsets| Chipset Intel X99 Memory| Number of Memory Slots 8×288pin Memory Standard DDR4 3333(O.C.)/ 3200(O.C.)/ 3000(O.C.)/ 2800(O.C.)/ 2666(O.C.)/ 2400(O.C.)/ 2133 Maximum Memory Supported 128GB Channel Supported Quad Channel Expansion Slots| PCI Express 3.0 x16 2 x PCI Express x16 slots, running at x16 (PCIE_1/PCIE_2) * For optimum performance, if only one PCI Express graphics card is to be installed, be sure to install it in the PCIE_1 slot; if you are installing two PCI Express graphics cards, it is recommended that you install them in the PCIE_1 and PCIE_2 slots. 2 x PCI Express x16 slots, running at x8 (PCIE_3/PCIE_4) * The PCIE_4 slot shares bandwidth with the PCIE_1 slot. When the PCIE_4 slot is populated, the PCIE_1 slot will operate at up to x8 mode. * When an i7-5820K CPU is installed, the PCIE_2 slot operates at up to x8 mode. (All of the PCI Express x16 slots conform to PCI Express 3.0 standard.) PCI Express x1 2 x PCI Express x1 slots (The PCI Express x1 slots conform to PCI Express 2.0 standard.) Storage Devices| SATA 6Gb/s 6 x SATA 6Gb/s connectors (SATA3 0~5) 4 x SATA 6Gb/s connectors (sSATA3 0~3), supporting IDE and AHCI modes only (An operating system installed on the SATA3 0~5 ports cannot be used on the sSATA 0~3 ports.) SATA Express 1 x SATA Express connector M.2 1 x M.2 connector (Socket 3, M key, type 2242/2260/2280 PCIe x4/x2/x1 SSD support) SATA RAID Support for RAID 0, RAID 1, RAID 5, and RAID 10 * Only AHCI mode is supported when an M.2 PCIe SSD or a SATA Express device is installed. Onboard Audio| Audio Chipset Realtek ALC1150 Audio Channels 2/4/5.1/7.1-channel Onboard LAN| LAN Chipset Intel GbE LAN chips Max LAN Speed 10/100/1000Mbps Rear Panel Ports| PS/2 1 x PS/2 keyboard/mouse port RJ45 1 x RJ45 DisplayPort 1 x DisplayPort In port USB 3.1 1 x USB Type-C port, with USB 3.1 support 1 x USB 3.1 Type-A port (red) USB 3.0 3 x USB 3.0 USB 1.1/2.0 4 x USB 2.0 S/PDIF Out 1 x Optical Audio Ports 5 x audio jacks (Center/Subwoofer Speaker Out, Rear Speaker Out, Line In, Line Out, Mic In) Internal I/O Connectors| Onboard USB 2 x USB 3.0/2.0 headers 2 x USB 2.0/1.1 headers Other Connectors 1 x 24-pin ATX main power connector 1 x 8-pin ATX 12V power connector 1 x PCIe power connector 1 x CPU fan header 1 x water cooling fan header (CPU_OPT) 3 x system fan headers 1 x front panel header 1 x front panel audio header 1 x S/PDIF Out header 1 x Trusted Platform Module (TPM) header 1 x Clear CMOS jumper Physical Spec| Form Factor ATX Dimensions (W x L) 12.01" x 9.61" Power Pin 24 Pin Features| Features Multi-Graphics Technology: - Support for 4-Way/3-Way/2-Way AMD CrossFire/NVIDIA SLI technology * The 4-Way NVIDIA SLI configuration is not supported when an i7-5820K CPU is installed. To set up a 3-Way SLI configuration, refer to "1-6 Setting up AMD CrossFire/NVIDIA SLI Configuration." I/O Controller: - iTE I/O Controller Chip H/W Monitoring: - System voltage detection - CPU/System/Chipset temperature detection - CPU/CPU OPT/System fan speed detection - CPU/System/Chipset overheating warning - CPU/CPU OPT/System fan fail warning - CPU/CPU OPT/System fan speed control * Whether the fan speed control function is supported will depend on the cooler you install. BIOS: - 2 x 128 Mbit flash - Use of licensed AMI UEFI BIOS - Support for DualBIOS - PnP 1.0a, DMI 2.7, WfM 2.0, SM BIOS 2.7, ACPI 5.0 Unique Features: - Support for APP Center * Available applications in APP Center may differ by motherboard model. Supported functions of each application may also differ depending on motherboard specifications. @BIOS Ambient LED EasyTune EZ Setup Fast Boot Cloud Station ON/OFF Charge Smart TimeLock Smart Recovery 2 System Information Viewer USB Blocker V-Tuner - Support for Q-Flash - Support for Smart Switch - Support for Xpress Install Bundle Software: - Norton Internet Security (OEM version) - Intel Smart Response Technology - cFosSpeed Operating System: - Support for Windows 10/8.1 64-bit - Support for Windows 7 32-bit/64-bit * Please download the "Windows USB Installation Tool" from GIGABYTE's website and install it before installing Windows 7. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 3 years Limited Warranty period (labor): 3 years Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.gigabyte.us| Support Phone: 1-626-854-9338 Support Website| View other products from GIGABYTE Return Policies Return for refund within: Non-refundable Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Replacement Only Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions.Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller This product is available at a lower price from other sellers. Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset compare Best Service Sellers antonline.com Sold and Shipped by: antonline.com Ask antonline.com about: GIGABYTE GA-X99P-SLI (rev. 1.0) LGA 2011-v3 Intel X99 SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.1 USB 3.0 ATX Intel Motherboard Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:4/5 (10,370) Ships from United States. PC Rush Sold and Shipped by: PC Rush Ask PC Rush about: GIGABYTE GA-X99P-SLI (rev. 1.0) LGA 2011-v3 Intel X99 SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.1 USB 3.0 ATX Intel Motherboard Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:4/5 (2,466) Ships from United States. OutletPC Sold and Shipped by: OutletPC Ask OutletPC about: GIGABYTE GA-X99P-SLI (rev. 1.0) LGA 2011-v3 Intel X99 SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.1 USB 3.0 ATX Intel Motherboard Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:4/5 (1,273) Ships from United States. Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Get Educated Make informed decisions with expert advice. Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get: Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website No re-stocking fees Learn More | Sign-in Condition Guidelines The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book Wish Lists Email Notifications Subscriptions Orders Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Sell on Newegg Marketplace Shipped by Newegg Become an Affiliate Become a Newegg Vendor Site Map Shop by Brand Product Review Video Center Rebates Trade-In Your Items Mobile Apps Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2017 Newegg Inc.  All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
Follow @triplepundit 46.4k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Events Masdar Social Media Contest Would you like to win a trip to Abu Dhabi for World Future Energy Summit 2017? A short video or blog post can be your ticket. Enter for free Abu Dhabi 2017 More Events… Close Special Series Progress to 2020: Tackling resource use from all angles In this series we’ll take a fresh look at resources and how they are used. We’ll go beyond natural resources like air and water to look at how efficiency in raw materials can boost the bottom line and help the environment. We’ll also examine the circular economy and design for reuse — with an eye toward honoring those resources we do have. Sponsored by Sealed Air Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health Community Compost: The space between worm bins and anaerobic digesters? Compost is often considered a panacea for the United States’ tremendous food waste problem. Indeed, composting is a much better option than putting spoiled food in a garbage can destined for a landfill. Sponsored by Inika Close Categories Climate & Environment – This category is climate change in relation to sustainability and CSR and how these segments effect one another. This includes how climate change has started to cause a wide range of physical effects with serious implications for investors and businesses, and how the business sector discloses climate risks and manage them. Corporate Responsibility – This category is about Corporate social responsibility (CSR), a form of corporate self-regulation integrated into a business model. The goal of CSR is to embrace responsibility for the company’s actions and encourage a positive impact through its activities on the environment, consumers, employees, communities, stakeholders and all other members of the public sphere. Investment & Markets – Resources & Information related to Investment & Markets, Socially Responsible Investing, SRI, Socially Conscious, Ethical Investing and more. New Economics – This category is about the relation between business economies and sustainability and CSR. Company economies have great impact on how much effort they put into their CSR strategy and incorporating green strategies can have en effect on company growth. Economics Conscious Capitalism B-Corps Business Models Circular Economy Sharing Economy Policy & Government Society – Poverty Solutions Fair Trade Labor Social Equity Diversity/Inclusion Communicating Sustainability Technology – Resources & Information related to Clean Technology, Recycling, Renewable Energy, Green Buildings and more. Industry Verticals Stories organized by verticals: Advertising & Marketing | Apparel | Buildings | Consumer Packaged Goods | Energy | Finance | Food & Agriculture | Healthcare | Information Technology | Retail | Shipping & Logistics | Sports | Transportation | Travel & Hospitality Close 3p Podium America’s Top 5 Renewable Energy Companies by Gina-Marie Cheeseman on Wednesday, Dec 21st, 2016 Corporate Responsibility Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) If we have any chance of avoiding the worst impacts of climate change, we will have to completely embrace renewable energy. The reason why is simple: Renewable energy produces little or no greenhouse gas emissions. Electricity production is over a third of U.S. GHG emissions, and the majority of those emissions are caused by coal-fired power plants, which produce about 25 percent of the nation’s emissions. While coal emits between 1.4 and 3.6 pounds of carbon dioxide equivalent per kilowatt-hour (C02E/kWh), wind emits just 0.02 to 0.04 pounds of C02E/kWh and solar only 0.07 to 0.20. The Environmental Protection Agency launched the Green Power Partnership (GPP) in 2001 to increase the use of renewable energy among American companies. It a voluntary program which encourages organizations to use renewables. The GPP produces a National Top 100 list of the largest renewable energy users within its participants. And the combined renewable energy use of the top 100 partners is almost 30 billion kilowatt-hours a year, representing over 83 percent of the renewable energy commitments made by all GPP partners. America’s top five renewable energy companies Looking at the top five companies on the GPP’s National Top 100 list proves the U.S. can widely adopt renewable energy. And it shows that business can continue to lead the way in renewable energy use regardless of who is in the White House. 1. Intel  The tech company that bills itself as the world leader in silicon innovation is in the GPP’s top spot for the eighth consecutive year. The company buys over 3.4 billion kWh a year of renewable energy certificates (RECs) generated from wind, solar, geothermal, low-impact hydropower and biomass projects from third-party certified sources. The company’s REC purchases are equivalent of removing over 455,000 cars from the road every year, or avoiding the amount of electricity needed to power over 327,000 average American homes annually. Intel also has 58 wind micro-turbines perched on top of its worldwide headquarters in Santa Clara, California. It is one of the largest operating rooftop wind micro-turbine arrays in the world. Each of the turbines is between six and seven feet tall, weighing about 30 pounds. Each micro-turbine can produce about 65 kWh of power a year. 2. Microsoft  One of the largest technology and software companies in the country, Microsoft purchased over 1.3 billion kWh of renewable energy annually in recent years. As a result of its use of renewables, combined with energy-efficiency measures and investments in carbon-reduction projects, the company met its goal to reduce carbon emissions by at least 30 percent per unit of revenue below a 2007 baseline. Microsoft has been 100 percent powered by renewable energy through its REC purchases, power purchase agreements (PPAs) and on-site energy since 2014. Here are some highlights of Microsoft’s use of renewables: In 2013, the company signed a 20-year agreement to buy 100 percent of the output of the Keechi Wind project, a 110-megawatt wind farm in Keechi, Texas. In 2014, the company bought 175 MW of wind energy from the Pilot Hill wind project in Illinois. The project generates more than enough electricity to power its Chicago data center and 70,000 Illinois houses. Microsoft installed a rooftop solar array at its Silicon Valley campus in 2006, which generates 480 kilowatts at peak capacity. 3. Kohl’s department stores The company with over 1,160 department stores in 49 states entered select stores into a PPA with SunEdison for a 20-year term in 2007. As a result, the solar power systems provide about 40 percent of each store’s power. As of December 2015, the company had 163 solar power systems in 15 states. The largest solar panel system is installed at its E-Fulfillment Center 3 in Edgewood, Maryland. It features 8,360 solar panels which generate over 3 kWh of energy a year, enough to supply 317 homes annually. Kohl’s also invests in wind power. In 2011, it installed wind turbines on two locations. One of those was at its distribution center in Findlay, Ohio, where wind turbines generate 40,000 kWh a year. 4. Cisco Systems Cisco purchased over 1.2 billion kWh of renewables globally in 2016, which represent about 100 percent of its total U.S. electricity use. Cisco achieved the milestone through on-site renewable power, green power contracts with utilities, offsite power opportunities, and RECs. From 2012 to 2016, the company increased its total on-site solar photovoltaic (PC) capacity from 200 KW to 2.7 MW. And those solar power systems produce on average 1.7 million kWh of power, which avoid over 1,200 metric ton of carbon equivalent annually over the projected 25-year life of the systems. 5. Google  As of April 2016, Google signed 15 long-term agreements for over 2,000 MW of wind and solar energy, which is enough to power about 670,000 homes. The company has committed almost $2.5 billion to renewable energy projects, representing a total capacity of over 3.7 gigawatts. That’s enough to power 1 million homes. And Google uses renewable energy to power over 35 percent of its operations. Image credit: Pexels Corporate Responsibility Recent headlines from the 6283 articles in this category: Group Calls Out FedEx on NRA Discount in Florida Interview: Bringing the Family Business into the 21st Century 3p Weekend: Longreads for the New Year Gina-Marie is a freelance writer and journalist armed with a degree in journalism, and a passion for social justice, including the environment and sustainability. She writes for various websites, and has made the 75+ Environmentalists to Follow list by Mashable.com. Follow Gina-Marie Cheeseman @gmcheeseman Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out05:49 GMT +303 January 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search BREAKING: Nationwide Customs Computer System Outage Creates Chaos at US Airports S Korea's Acting President Calls for Prompt Deployment of US THAAD Systems © Flickr/ U.S. Missile Defense Agency Asia & Pacific 14:15 21.12.2016(updated 14:27 21.12.2016) Get short URL 5622110 According to reports, South Korea's acting President called for prompt deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense anti-missile system in the country to counter threats from North Korea. © Flickr/ U.S. Missile Defense Agency Japan, S.Korea Intel Agreement 'Part of Washington's Plans to Promote THAAD'TOKYO (Sputnik) – South Korea's acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn called for prompt deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) anti-missile system in the country to counter threats from North Korea. "For security, [we] have to deploy [THAAD]… As we cannot wait even for a moment to cope with North Korea's nuclear provocations, we have to do what we can do first," Hwang said during a parliamentary session, as quoted by the Yonhap news agency. Hwang's proposal comes amid calls from opposition parties to delay the deployment, scheduled for May 2017, and strong objections from China. In July, Seoul and Washington agreed to deploy the THAAD system in South Korea's Seongju County amid growing tensions spurred by North Korea's ballistic and nuclear tests. The THAAD system is designed to intercept short, medium and intermediate ballistic missiles at the terminal incoming stage. The move has been criticized by neighboring China and Russia as inappropriate, possibly disproportionate and affecting other countries' interests. Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed! ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 110 Related: South Korean Military Close to Sealing Land-Swap Deal to Deploy THAAD THAAD Decision Derails Seoul-Beijing Military Talks US Sets Date for THAAD Deployment in South Korea as China Protests Tags: Terminal High-Altitude Area Defense (THAAD), Hwang Kyo-ahn, South Korea TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply Michael Calvin 15:24 21.12.2016 | 1 | Edit | Delete Good for South Korea, Huge Disciple of The Hegemons Reply jas 16:14 21.12.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Notice how South Korea provocations are the same as when the cult was running the government under Park. Speaks volumes.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 05:30Indian Official Blames Western Dress for 'Mass Molestation' on New Year's Eve 05:21Nationwide Customs Computer System Outage Creates Chaos at US Airports 05:20Georgia Implementing Reforms to Increase Interoperability With NATO 04:45This is What’s Wrong With Self-Driving Cars: People 04:41Turkish Army Kills 22 Daesh Militants, Destroys 111 Targets in Syria - ReportsAll news No US Aircraft Carriers Now Deployed; None Expected in Middle East for Months 15829 The Real Plan Behind the US Decision to Supply Arms to Syrian Rebels 10070 Russia Comes Up With a 'Cold-Blooded Response' to Obama's Last 'Provocation' 8809 Happy New Year, America! The Message of Putin's Response to New US Sanctions 8678 How China Could Help Russia From Being Totally Cut Off From Global Internet 7416All news How China Could Help Russia From Being Totally Cut Off From Global Internet 99 Kissinger's Possible Role in US-Russia Normalization is 'Great News for Moscow' 61 No US Aircraft Carriers Now Deployed; None Expected in Middle East for Months 51 Dashed Hopes: EU Wanted to 'Break Ukraine Away From Russia, Not Integrate It' 47 Russia Comes Up With a 'Cold-Blooded Response' to Obama's Last 'Provocation' 39All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Russia's Largest Car Manufacturer Celebrates 85 Years of Service Hit the Road Barack 'I'm Drinking the Stars!' How Champagne is Made News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out05:49 GMT +303 January 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search BREAKING: Nationwide Customs Computer System Outage Creates Chaos at US Airports 'Drunk Texts to Ex' No Longer a Problem as WhatsApp Work on 'Unsend' Button © Photo: Pixabay Tech 16:40 21.12.2016(updated 16:41 21.12.2016) Get short URL 3121431 If you have ever had a late night out and sent a message to someone, which you immediately regret once morning comes, don't fret! Messaging service WhatsApp has the perfect solution. © Photo: Pixabay German Intel Agency's Cracking WhatsApp, Telegram Encryption ‘Absolutely Unacceptable'Users of the messaging service WhatsApp will soon be able to turn back time, according to latest reports, which state the tech giant is working on a "unsend" button that will allow its users to retract previously sent messages. The news was posted on Twitter by WABetaInfo, which reveals that Whatsapp are working on the new function as part of the iOS 2.17.1.869 update. Basically, users will be given the option to click "revoke" on a message once it has already been sent. However at this stage it is still unclear if it will be possible to delete the message once it has been read, which is when two blue ticks appear or while the message is in the delivery stage (two grey ticks). WhatsApp beta for iOS 2.17.1.869: how revoking messages work. #hidden #whatsappbeta pic.twitter.com/pEfGfZO1gN — WABetaInfo (@WABetaInfo) 14 December 2016 ​The reports also suggest that you will be able to edit the message after you have sent it, however much like the edit option on Facebook; users may still be able to see the history. There is still no confirmation on the date of the launch of this new function, however the news that it is on its way is already lifting spirits. The feature is currently being trialed in the app's iPhone beta version. In addition to these changes, users who send messages that end up being quoted can also rest easy, as an error will appear saying that the sender revoked the message.  @RegsterU pic.twitter.com/qXgBFl919s — WABetaInfo (@WABetaInfo) 15 December 2016 ​WhatsApp launched in 2009 and has enjoyed a huge amount of success. In February 2014, Facebook announced that it was acquiring WhatsApp for US$16 billion — at the time it was the largest purchase of a venture-backed company in history. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 31 Related: Two Saudi Women Sentenced to 20 Lashes for Using 'Obscene Words' on WhatsApp WhatsApp Getting Facebook Makeover, Leaked Docs Suggest What's Up With WhatsApp? 'Private' Chats Not So Private After All Tags: WhatsApp unsend button, update, personal message, messages, social media, technology, WhatsApp, Facebook TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply American Socialist 17:18 21.12.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete that would be awesome! messages can already be deleted on your end, but they still get delivered on their end. Reply double bonus 17:45 21.12.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Is there an unexecute button, to get the bullets out from the back of my head? Reply michael 05:49 23.12.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete a simpler approach would to not disconnect brain when out.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 05:30Indian Official Blames Western Dress for 'Mass Molestation' on New Year's Eve 05:21Nationwide Customs Computer System Outage Creates Chaos at US Airports 05:20Georgia Implementing Reforms to Increase Interoperability With NATO 04:45This is What’s Wrong With Self-Driving Cars: People 04:41Turkish Army Kills 22 Daesh Militants, Destroys 111 Targets in Syria - ReportsAll news No US Aircraft Carriers Now Deployed; None Expected in Middle East for Months 15829 The Real Plan Behind the US Decision to Supply Arms to Syrian Rebels 10070 Russia Comes Up With a 'Cold-Blooded Response' to Obama's Last 'Provocation' 8809 Happy New Year, America! The Message of Putin's Response to New US Sanctions 8678 How China Could Help Russia From Being Totally Cut Off From Global Internet 7416All news How China Could Help Russia From Being Totally Cut Off From Global Internet 99 Kissinger's Possible Role in US-Russia Normalization is 'Great News for Moscow' 61 No US Aircraft Carriers Now Deployed; None Expected in Middle East for Months 51 Dashed Hopes: EU Wanted to 'Break Ukraine Away From Russia, Not Integrate It' 47 Russia Comes Up With a 'Cold-Blooded Response' to Obama's Last 'Provocation' 39All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Russia's Largest Car Manufacturer Celebrates 85 Years of Service Hit the Road Barack 'I'm Drinking the Stars!' How Champagne is Made News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Toggle navigation Products All Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution Disclosure and Regulatory Filing IR/PR Newsroom Hosting (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Solutions All Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom Contact Us Sign In to Services Blog About Us About Marketwired Media Partners Marketwired News Community Builders Full site Salles des nouvelles Plus sur nous Produits Solutions Ressources Contactez Nous Se connecter Version complète du site News Room SOURCE: e-Play Digital Inc. December 21, 2016 09:37 ET ePlay Digital Inc. Announces Closing of Mobovivo Inc. Acquisition CALGARY, AB--(Marketwired - December 21, 2016) - ePlay Digital Inc. (the "Company") (CSE: EPY) (CSE: EPY.CN) (CNSX: EPY) (FRANKFURT: 2NY2) announces that it has completed the acquisition of Mobovivo Inc., the second of its previously announced planned acquisitions of two private companies (the "Acquisitions") that saw the business of the Company change to developing interactive broadcast and live video platforms with a goal of building next generation video and TV networks for sports and eSports. ePlay Digital platform provides both sponsors and target audiences with a fully integrated media approach including broadcast TV, live streaming, augmented reality, fantasy sports, and interactive social media to engage viewers and monetize content. Mobovivo Inc., a Calgary based software company specializing in audience engagement for TV and sports has been powering solutions and mobile apps for ESPN, Time Warner Cable, LA Lakers, CPAC, Cineplex, Intel, CBS and others for over 8 years. Mobovivo is an award-winning sports game and content engine bringing real-time engagement to TV and sports audiences. Mobovivo's innovative solutions integrate broadcast TV, social media, gamification, real-time content and sports statistics to create powerful multi-platform destinations and campaigns for brands. "Sports, eSports and mobile games has gamified everything and sports sponsorship has almost doubled in the last 7 years," says Trevor Doerksen CEO & Founder of Mobovivo. "We know the next generation of sports and entertainment isn't just mobile content, games and social media, but isn't really happening without engaging -- and growing -- audiences on mobile either." According to Nielsen global sports sponsorship spending will increase from $35B in 2010 to over $62B in 2017, with additional upside potential in new inventory from digital media platforms.1 By engaging audiences on multiple screens ePlay Digital creates new ad revenue from and for its clients and partners. On the acquisition of Mobovivo Inc., the Company issued 4,835,380 common shares and 9,670,759 performance warrants ("Performance Warrants") on the terms as set out below. All of the common shares issued are subject to an escrow arrangement whereby 10% were released on closing and the balance released on the basis of 15% every 6 months for the next 3 years. All securities issued are subject to trading restrictions until April 17, 2017. Vesting Terms of Performance Warrants are as follows: Upon receiving a valuation report by a mutually agreeable party which state that the total asset value for the Company is $100 million or higher, the entire block of 30 million warrants would become free for execution; or Upon the Company's cumulative and recurring digital, event and television subscription revenues exceeding $100,000 per month then 30% of the Performance Warrants are released; Upon the Company's cumulative and recurring digital, event and television subscription revenues exceeding $200,000 per month then an additional 30% of the Performance Warrants are released; The balance of the Performance Warrants would be released upon recurring revenues exceeding $300,000 per month; or Upon a successful takeover of the Company, approved by the Board of Directors, all Performance Warrants are released. Further Information Further details are available under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com, and the Company's profile on the CSE's website at www.thecse.com Canadian Securities Exchange (CSE): Symbol EPY Deutsche Boerse Xetra - Frankfurt Stock Exchange: Symbol 2NY2; WKN: A2AN4D; ISIN CA26885W1041 Cautionary and Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains forward‐looking statements and forward‐looking information within the meaning of applicable securities laws. These statements relate to future events or future performance. All statements other than statements of historical fact may be forward‐looking statements or information. More particularly and without limitation, this news release contains forward‐looking statements and information relating to third party research and analysis, and the Company's corporate strategy. Although management of the Company believes that the expectations and assumptions on which such forward looking statements and information are based are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on the forward‐looking statements and information since no assurance can be given that they will prove to be correct, and management can neither agree or disagree on specific conclusions contained in the research report. Forward-looking statements and information are provided for the purpose of providing information about the current expectations and plans of management of the Company relating to the future. Readers are cautioned that reliance on such statements and information may not be appropriate for other purposes, such as making investment decisions. Since forward‐looking statements and information address future events and conditions, by their very nature they involve inherent risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those currently anticipated due to a number of factors and risks. These include, but are not limited to, the Company's ability to identify and complete suitable acquisitions to further the Company's growth as well as risks associated with the Company's ability to commercialize the digital sports sectors in general such as operational risks in development, research and regulatory delays or changes in plans with respect to research projects or capital expenditures; the uncertainty of the market; the uncertainty of estimates and projections relating to costs and expenses; marketing and commercialization; loss of markets; competition; incorrect assessment of the value of any technologies acquired and failure to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions; ability to access sufficient capital from internal and external sources; failure to obtain required regulatory and other approvals and changes in legislation, including but not limited to tax laws, and government regulations. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on the forward‐looking statements, timelines and information contained in this news release. Readers are cautioned that the foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. The forward‐looking statements and information contained in this news release are made as of the date hereof and no undertaking is given to update publicly or revise any forward‐looking statements or information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless so required by applicable securities laws or the Exchange. The forward-looking statements or information contained in this news release are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. 1 Based on 3rd party data - Warc AdSpend Database; PwC Media Outlook; Emarketers; European Sponsorship Association Fact Sheet 2014; Repucom Analysis Contact Information For further information please contact: Trevor Doerksen CEO, and Director Telephone: (403) 775-9475 E-mail: info@eplaydigital.com Website: www.eplaydigital.com   View Desktop Version Pour voir la version complète
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, January 03, 2017 10:42 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 27°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Drive BMW gears up for autonomous driving Wednesday December 21, 2016 11:36 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Klopp left frustrated after Liverpool drops precious points at Sunderland As costs rise, Penang’s hardcore poor forced out of school Brazil prison massacre: 60 killed as rival gangs riot in Manaus The Edit: Steam unveils top-selling PC games of 2016 Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article André Müller, BMW Group software developer for highly automated driving inspects hardware installed in a BMW sedan. ― AFP picBERLIN, Dec 21 ― German executive car maker BMW is opening a dedicated center for the advancement of autonomous driving technology as part of its ambitious plans to deliver a true self-driving car by 2021. Based in Unterschleissheim near Munich, the new campus will be home to 2000 experts working on every aspect from software development to real-world testing. But the decision to create a base of operations in Munich is also an attempt to ensure Europe is firmly on the map as a hotspot for next-generation automotive technology development. “The road to fully-automated driving is an opportunity for Germany's automobile manufacturing base. The decision to develop and road-test these vehicles in the Munich area illustrates how the BMW Group and the whole region can benefit from this shift in the automotive industry,” said Klaus Fröhlich, member of the Board of Management, responsible for Development at the BMW Group. Detroit and Silicon Valley are also trying to establish themselves as the de facto home of the car of the future so it makes sense that European carmakers, whose legacy stretches back 130 years, would want to court and keep the world's leading experts within their own continental borders. However, in a fully connected world, it is impossible for any single company to work in isolation. In order for BMW to bring the iNEXT ― the name it has given its self-driving car ― to fruition on schedule, it has already forged a long-term partnership with US firms Intel and MobilEye. Intel's role in the alliance is to develop in-car processors and to help crunch through the huge amounts of data the project will create. “Highly autonomous cars and everything they connect to will require powerful and reliable electronic brains to make them smart enough to navigate traffic and avoid accidents,” explained Intel CEO Brian Krzanich. MobilEye's expertise is in sensing and localization, and its partnership with BMW is one of several it has announced in recent months. For instance, at the 2017 CES in January, MobilEye will be demonstrating the fruits of its partnership with autonomous driving tech company Delphi over a specially created real-world course in Las Vegas. The companies claim the system, called the Centralized Sensing Localization and Planning (CSLP) automated driving system, is the most advanced autonomous driving system currently in existence. As for the partnership with BMW, officially announced in July, the companies are already on target to start testing a prototype autonomous vehicle fleet in urban conditions in early 2017. “[This] future development site for autonomous driving will enable us to launch the BMW iNEXT, the first self-driving BMW, onto the market in 2021,” said Fröhlich. ― AFP-Relaxnews                MORE ON MMOTV Drive Channel Most Viewed Now Week Tan Chong offers seven-year warranty for Nissan owners SKYACTIV ‘Jinba Ittai’ — being at one with your Mazda (VIDEO) CES 2017: A multitude of electric, connected and driverless concept cars After half century, Volvo overtaken in Sweden What to expect for the auto industry in 2017 (VIDEO) Japan unveils all-new 2017 Suzuki Swift Best car engine innovations of 2016 S. Korea considers new electric car rules as Tesla readies showroom Toyota hybrid bet pays off as Dieselgate ignites Europe demand CES 2017: A multitude of electric, connected and driverless concept cars Most Watched Now Week MMOTV: SKYACTIV Technologies — reason for renewed Mazda popularity Reuters Video: Israel's Netanyahu dismisses media reports of gifts investigation Reuters Video: Around 60 killed in Brazil prison riot HD video of earth from space will make your heart ache Reuters Video: Carrie Fisher, Debbie Reynolds remembered in LA Reuters Video: Nunes stuns challenger Rousey with first-round title win Related Articles South Korea halts Nissan, BMW sales in emissions probe S. Korea bans sales of some Nissan, BMW models in emissions probe BMW to recall nearly 200,000 cars in China Honda, Alphabet’s Waymo in talks over self-driving technology BMW to add M performance to the 5 Series in Detroit Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
The Times of Israel Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs Start-Up Israel Partners New Jersey:The Jewish Standard New York:The Jewish Week United Kingdom:The Jewish News For Publishers:Become a Times of Israel partner Daily Edition Spotlight s   English العربية Français 中文 فارسی Tuesday, January 3, 2017 Tevet 5, 5777 4:45 am IST About Us About the site Contact us Advertise with us Advertise with us Partner Links: Learn Hebrew Judaica Web Store Thrifty Car Rental Make Aliyah Israel Car Rental Help Fight BDS! Start-Up Israel All the news and views from Silicon Wadi Read the Start-Up Daily Follow @timesofisrael Home  > Israel Inside Armed with faith and kids, Haredi women set eyes on tech A busload of ultra-Orthodox women hits the road to meet female titans of the high-tech industry in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem By Shoshanna Solomon December 21, 2016, 6:15 pm Tweet Email Print Share KamaTech's busload of Haredi women visit high tech offices in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem (Courtesy Natalie Schor) Newsroom Email the Newsroom Facebook Twitter Related Topics Kamatech Ultra-orthodox women Ultra-orthodox Related Stories Firefighters battle massive blaze at Haifa oil refinery Firefighters gain control of Haifa oil refinery blaze Snapchat acquires Israel’s Cimagine – report Jerusalem student fund for student ventures to kick off Mobileye, Delphi to hold automated drive on Vegas route Teva fined $519 million by US government for foreign bribes Knesset set to give final approval to 2017-2018 budget Knesset approves 2017-2018 budget in marathon session Israeli high-tech exits plunge 67% in 2016 – PwC Chana, 21, and Miriam, 20, were among the youngest of the 50 Orthodox female entrepreneurs who filled a bus last week for a pilgrimage to Israel’s high-tech shrines in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem, meeting their counterparts at Microsoft, Google, Cisco, Intel and more. Chana and Miriam, who preferred not to reveal their surnames, studied computer engineering at a Haredi college and are now working in a startup set up by Ruth Margalit, the ultra-Orthodox CEO of Bnei Brak-based I-rox, a software company that outsources services to firms. Miriam started working there five months ago, and unlike most of the women on the bus, she is not wearing a wig or other head-covering, indicating she is not yet married. “My parents are in favor of me working,” she said. “They want us to do what we love.” When asked about her prospects for shidduchim, or arranged dates for the purpose of marriage, she said with a smile, “Be’ezrat Hashem — with God’s help — in another year or two we will go on shidduchim.” KamaTech’s bus load of Haredi women in meeting with Cisco’s Zika Abzuk in Jerusalem (Courtesy: Natalie Schor) “Shidduchim are not relevant to this article,” interjected Chana, rightly outraged by the question. “If we study, we progress.” Both Miriam and Chana expressed aggravation at what they say is a “stigma” carried by ultra-Orthodox women, who are seen in Israeli society as subjugated and surrounded by multitudes of children. “We are on this trip to learn and see how work is done” at big tech companies, Chana said. The trip was organized by KamaTech, a nonprofit organization and startup accelerator for ultra-Orthodox entrepreneurs that aims to integrate ultra-Orthodox men and women into Israel’s high-tech industry. Chana and Miriam represent a growing trend among ultra-Orthodox women who are learning skills to take up posts in tech companies. Every year over 600 ultra-Orthodox women graduate from engineering and programming courses in the Haredi seminars. Women constitute around 50 percent of the 6,000 qualified ultra-Orthodox men and women in KamaTech’s database who are looking for jobs in the field. And while in 2013, when KamaTech was founded, there were just 5 ultra-Orthodox entrepreneurs in its databse, today there are some 500, 200 of whom are women, said Moshe Friedman, the co-founder of KamaTech. KamaTech’s bus load of Haredi women visit high tech offices in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem (Courtesy: Natalie Schor) Israel is looking to tap into new sources of workers as a lack of skilled employees is hampering growth of its high-tech sector, until recently the growth engine of the economy. Tapping into the ultra-Orthodox and Arab populations, which have been left on the sidelines of the high-tech boom because of their lack of relevant training, is one way Israel is looking to overcome its shortfall or skilled employees. “We want these women to meet with women entrepreneurs and see them as role models,” Friedman said in an interview with The Times of Israel. “We want to teach them what a startup is, what a VC is, what the chief scientist does. The idea is to show them different parts of the high-tech puzzle and inspire them to get ideas and dreams.” The average salary in Israel is NIS 9,032 a month ($2,350), and the average salary of women in Israel is NIS 8,173. But the average salary of Haredi women in Israel is NIS 5,284, according to Ministry of Economy and Industry data. Today ultra-Orthodox men and women who work in high-tech are employed at the lowest levels, said Friedman. “We want to bring them to a high level, we want to help them rise, through inspiration and mentoring.” KamaTech’s bus load of Haredi women visit high tech offices in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem (Courtesy: Natalie Schor) To date KamaTech has managed to place some 400 women in higher-ranking jobs at multinationals like Microsoft, Google, Cisco and Amdocs, Friedman said, with some salaries reaching as high as NIS 14,000. In the two-day bus tour, the women, mostly clad in skirts, headscarves or wigs as is traditional for the sector, went from office to office to meet with some of Israel’s most successful entrepreneurs. These included Zika Abzuk, senior manager, business development at Cisco in Israel and Yael Villa, Cisco’s Jerusalem site manager; Inbal Arieli, vice president, strategic partnerships at Start-up Nation Central and founder of the accelerator 8200 EISP; Michal Waltner, Campus Tel Aviv Program Manager at Google; Yifat Oron, the CEO of LeumiTech, Leumi Group’s high tech subsidiary; Liat Aaronson, a partner at Marker LLC fund who set up the Zell Entrepreneurship Program at IDC Herzliya; and Esther Barak Landes, the CEO of Nielsen Innovate. Some spoke about the difficulties of being a woman in a generally male-dominated workplace; all showed willingness to mentor other women, in a sort of a high-tech sisterhood. In addition, they said, a heterogeneous workplace, with employees from many sectors of society in the high-tech world, was key to success as it contributes to the diversity of products companies strive to offer their users. “Israel has reached a glass ceiling with regard to workers in high-tech. There is not enough supply of workers,” LeumiTech’s Oron said in an interview. “All the good employees are getting hired by the multinationals. It is a competitive market which is good for the workers but not good for the industry. To get new sources we need to reach out to new talent, go to new untapped environments.” LeumiTech partnered in the bus event with KamaTech. There are difficulties however, Oron said, as ultra-Orthodox women are less likely to work in environments that are not religious, feel more comfortable in a women-only surrounding and have special kosher dietary requirements. The idea is to help them find the right conditions that would enable them to work at large multinationals and encourage them to become entrepreneurs. Michal Waltner, Campus Tel Aviv Program Manager at Google, addresses KamaTech’s bus load of woman entrepreneurs (Courtesy: Natalie Schor) “Many come from a very different world,” said Oron. “This bus tour is to get them familiar with the ecosystem.” Heni, a 29-year old ultra-Orthodox entrepreneur who has four children, is setting up a studio to design websites for small and medium-sized businesses after having been employed in the field for seven years as a salaried worker. “It was important for me” to come on the bus tour, she said, standing in line for the elevators at the Google offices in Tel Aviv. “I want to see the startup world, learn what I can and try to get partnerships.” Like us on Facebook Get our newsletter Follow us on Twitter Tweet Read more on:  Kamatech,  Ultra-orthodox women,  Ultra-orthodox,  Moshe Friedman,  Ifat Oron,  LeumiTech More in Israel Inside Israeli high-tech exits plunge 67% in 2016 - PwC Comments on this article Report inappropriate comments Start-Up Israel Current top stories Israel’s Behalf uses algorithms to vet for credit By Shoshanna Solomon   Israeli biotechnology startup Nurami Medical raises NIS 2.5m By Luke Tress   US-Israel citizens in a tizz over new kids’ savings plan By Shoshanna Solomon   ‘Virtual breathalyzer’ lets you check if you’re over the limit By Times of Israel staff   Israel M&A activity surged 34% to $16.8b in 2016 — PwC By Shoshanna Solomon   Start-Up Israel Blogs January 2, 2017, 12:38 pm Israel Up and Down Two pieces of economic news came out of Israel recently showing both the ups and downs of...... Sherwin Pomerantz December 31, 2016, 11:29 pm New Year 2017: Obama accuses Russia of jeopardizing ‘free elections’ by disseminating truthful information, imperiling the media’s ability to manipulate the vote. Should Bernie Sanders' supporters come to Israel? When will Israel get serious about promoting the aliyah of...... Asaf Shimoni December 31, 2016, 1:25 pm The Real Reason TV Channels are Facing Extinction For television, these are the best of times and the worst of times. For content creators, this...... Kenny Sahr December 27, 2016, 8:38 pm Should Israeli government officials and Israel’s shrugging citizens Hellenize their names during Hanukkah? Are we all Hellenized Jews? Hanukkah celebrates the victory of Jewish spirituality over Greek materialism. Seeing that Judaism places an emphasis on...... Asaf Shimoni December 27, 2016, 4:05 pm 8 things that happened in the Israeli Hi-Tech world in 2016 It has been an interesting 2016 in the Israeli Hi-Tech world, here is a rundown of 8...... Ariella Dreyfuss December 26, 2016, 2:17 pm How China Can Leverage Israel’s Innovation Engine Earlier this year, the Chinese company that I founded announced the then-largest single investment in an Israeli...... Liu Ruopeng See all Start-Up Israel blogs Start a blog The Times of Israel Start-Up Israel Free to Your Inbox The email is either missing or invalid Almost finished... We need to confirm your email address first. To complete the subscription process, please click the link in the email we just sent you. By signing up, you agree to our terms You hereby accept The Times of Israel Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, and you agree to receive the latest news & offers from The Times of Israel and its partners or ad sponsors. Currency Rates   ILS USD EUR GBP CAD 1 ILS = 1.000 0.260 0.247 0.212 0.351 1 USD = 3.845 1.000 0.951 0.814 1.349 1 EUR = 4.044 1.052 1.000 0.856 1.418 1 GBP = 4.725 1.229 1.168 1.000 1.657 1 CAD = 2.851 0.741 0.705 0.603 1.000 Bank of Israel exchange rates for Friday, Dec 30, 2016 Back to Top The Times of Israel Home Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs The Jewish Planet Start-Up Israel Daily Edition Spotlight Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletter Facebook Twitter RSS © 2017 The Times of Israel, All rights reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Thu, Dec 22, 2016 - Page 12　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Asustek to start taking Zenbo robot preorders By Lauly Li  /  Staff reporter Asustek Computer Inc chairman Jonney Shih, left, and Intel Corp New Technology Group vice president Achintya Bhowmik introduce Zenbo, a domestic robot developed and produced by Asustek, at a news conference in Taipei yesterday. Photo: Cho Yi-chun, Taipei Times PC maker Asustek Computer Inc (華碩) yesterday said its first voice-controlled robot, Zenbo, would be available for preorder in the consumer market on Jan. 1, meeting the company’s milestone to officially introduce the product. The announcement came more than six months after Asustek chairman Jonney Shih (施崇棠) unveiled the robot at a news conference ahead of Computex Taipei in May. However, Zenbo’s release date is slightly later than Shih’s promise to shareholders in June to introduce it to the market before Christmas, in a bid to contribute growth momentum to the company’s operations in the second half of the year. “It took time to ensure that Zenbo is ready to be a home companion for Taiwanese consumers,” Asustek spokesman Nick Wu (吳長榮) told reporters after the product’s launch event. Asustek continues to invite software and hardware developers to enrich content for Zenbo, he added. The first batch of 168 Zenbos is to be available for preorder via Asustek’s Web site, priced between NT$19,900 and NT$24,900, Wu said, but added that a shipment date has not yet been confirmed. Zenbo, which is powered by Intel Corp’s RealSense human-computer interaction technology, is to initially be focused on providing education and entertainment content, as well as home security functions, Wu said. Asustek has inked an agreement with Benesse Corp to develop interactive educational games based on the Japanese company’s famous cartoon character Shimajiro, due to the character’s high popularity among children in Taiwan, he said. Collaboration with the National Police Agency allows Zenbo to report to police via videoconferencing if there is an emergency situation in a home, Wu said, adding that Zenbo can also help users reserve rides through Taiwan Taxi Corp (台灣大車隊) and connect to PChome Online Inc’s (網路家庭) Web site for shopping. Asked if the company still plans to launch Zenbo in China next quarter and in the US in the second quarter of next year, Wu said Asustek plans to focus on its home market and would expand the robot’s sales when the firm is ready. The sales contribution from Zenbo to Asustek will be limited at launch in Taiwan, but is expected to gradually increase as the firm begins mass production of the robot in the first half of next year, Wu said. Asustek shares yesterday remained unchanged at NT$263.5 in Taipei trading, while the TAIEX dropped 0.41 percent. This story has been viewed 2645 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-12-27 to 2017-01-03 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Committee green-lights same-sex marriage draft 2 EDITORIAL: Transitional justice must be taught 3 Obama military exchange overture sparks China ire 4 Book Review:A misunderstood crisis 5 Gold futures cap longest run of weekly losses in 12 years 金價週線跌勢十二年來最長 MORE  1 FDA announces stricter food labeling regulations 2 Tainan collector shows off money 3 Major tire makers raising prices as materials go up 4 School event row sparks debate on Taiwanese history 5 China considering strong steps to contain Taiwan MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Paid Search Content Marketing Social Media Work Life Tools Advertise 85% of Digital Marketers Publish Videos on YouTube [DATA] SEO December 14, 2016 SEO Rina CaballarDecember 14, 2016 487SHARES 1.0KREAD 487SHARES 1.0KREAD Rina Caballar 487SHARES 1.0KREAD Video is one of the search marketing trends to look forward to in 2017. Even the experts say that visual content, including video, will go big in the coming year. According to Think with Google: “When it comes to online video, one word summarizes the trends in consumer behavior: ‘more.’ […] consumers are spending more time on more devices with more focus and passion for online video than ever.” So now would be the perfect time to add video to your content and search marketing strategy. But what’s the best platform to publish videos? Look no further because we’ve got answers here! According to a survey sent out to Search Engine Journal’s Twitter audience, 85% of respondents publish their videos on YouTube, 11% publish on Facebook, 4% publish elsewhere, and none publish on Vimeo. These results show that YouTube is still king when it comes to video. But don’t discount other sites just yet. Let’s get the low-down on these video sites and how you can use them to boost your marketing efforts. YouTube Here are some motivating stats based on Think with Google’s infographic: A very engaged audience: 50% of YouTube subscribers aged 18 to 34 would drop what they’re doing to watch a new video by their favorite creator. A passionate following: 4 in 10 millenials say they only trust YouTube for videos on causes they care about. More reach: Advertisers could have reached 56% more of 18- to 49-year old viewers by also advertising on YouTube. Not only does YouTube widen your reach, it also allows you to gain the following of a loyal audience. For some inspiration on how to use YouTube for marketing, check out these successful video campaigns: Intel’s Meet the Makers Series Intel’s Meet the Makers series features inspiring profiles of makers who use Intel products to build new technologies with a global impact. This video campaign uses compelling storytelling to captivate its audience. “On Legacy” by Artifact Uprising This video by Artifact Uprising tells the story behind one of their customers creating a custom photo book for his family, one of the services offered by the company. Find out how customers are using your service and leverage that to showcase your service to viewers. “#LikeAGirl” by Always This award-winning video by Always uses the famous insult “like a girl” to grab the attention of viewers. This campaign appeals to emotion by using the negative and turning it into a positive to send an empowering message. Facebook This infographic from Social Media Today has some interesting numbers on Facebook videos: 75% more videos were posted per person on Facebook in 2015. Video posts have up to 135% more organic reach than photo posts. People spend three times longer watching live videos than those that aren’t live. With Facebook’s focus on video, features such as 360 videos and Facebook Live videos have been introduced. So take advantage of these features to provide an engaging experience to your customers, connect with them in real-time, and give them a behind-the-scenes look into your product or service. Here are some tips on using Facebook’s video features for your search and marketing campaigns: 15 Best Practices for Facebook Live 5 Tricks for Getting More Engagement on Facebook Live Facebook Live Engagement with Shannon Hernandez #MarketingNerds And watch this interview with Kendall Bird on how to include Facebook Live in your marketing strategy: Other Video Sites Other up-and-coming sites where you can post videos include: Instagram: Instagram Stories allows its 500 million users to create image slideshows and videos that disappear after 24 hours. One of its newest features includes adding links, which allows marketers to link to a particular blog post or a product page. Snapchat: Snapchat is a fast-growing brand, with 150 million daily users, even surpassing Twitter’s daily usage of 136 million active users. Check out this complete guide to Snapchat if you’re new to the Snapchat game. Pinterest: With 150 million users, Pinterest is a steadily growing brand. In August, the company debuted promoted video ads, a new type of video advertising designed to help increase sales on the site. Promoted video ads are housed on Pinterest Explore, a section where users can view what’s trending on Pinterest each day. Whatever platform you choose, make sure to create engaging and insightful videos that make the audience feel part of the experience. Have Your Say Where do you publish your videos? What strategies do you use for video marketing? Share your thoughts in the comments below and have your say in the next survey by checking out the hashtag #SEJSurveySays on Twitter for future polls and data. Image Credits Featured Image: robuart/DepositPhotos In-post Image: Meta-chart by Caitlin Rulien Related Posts 50% of Digital Marketers Say Earned Media Will Deliver Best Returns in 2017 [DATA] Videos on Facebook: Native vs YouTube. Which Wins? Facebook to Favor Live Videos Over Recorded Videos in News Feed YouTube Introduces a ‘Trending’ Tab, Surfacing Viral Videos in Real Time Bio Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Latest Posts Rina Caballar Editorial Assistant at Search Engine Journal Rina is the Editorial Assistant for Search Engine Journal. She assists the SEJ team with the editorial process and also contributes to social media tasks.... Read Full Bio @rinadianewrites Latest posts by Rina Caballar (see all) Erin Robbins on How Sales and Marketing Can Use Search Data to Communicate Better [PODCAST] - December 30, 2016 Raising Awareness for Diversity in Tech With Frances Donegan-Ryan [PODCAST] - December 23, 2016 New in Instagram Stories: Stickers and Hands-Free Video Recording - December 23, 2016 Download: The Beginner's Guide to SEO A Complete Guide to Getting Started in SEO. Invalid email address.   Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: #SEJThinktank Webinar Freelancers Forum: How to Find Freelance Clients Wed. January 11th, 2 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Erin Robbins on How Sales and Marketing Can Use Search Data to Communicate Better See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 Google’s Top Search Ranking Factors of 2016, According to Searchmetrics Study 16.1K reads 12/13/2016 2 SEO Trends 2017: 44 Experts on the Future of SEO 11.1K reads 12/13/2016 3 22 Gmail Hacks: Turn Your Inbox Into a Productivity Powerhouse 10.4K reads 12/11/2016 4 6 Google Analytics Reports That Will Bring Every SEO Lots of Cheer! 8.2K reads 12/14/2016 5 Stop Looking at Keyword Search Volume (And Look Here Instead) 7.8K reads 12/7/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Gillon Hunter Twitter Facebook LinkedIn 22 Gmail Hacks: Turn Your Inbox Into a Productivity Powerhouse 2 Christopher Hart Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Stop Looking at Keyword Search Volume (And Look Here Instead) 3 Joe Howard Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn 11 Black Hat Techniques That Can Kill an SEO Campaign 4 Larry Kim Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn 6 SEO Experiments That Will Blow Your Mind 5 Ryan Clutter Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Search Marketing in the New Year: What to Expect in 2017 SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post How to Capitalize on Social Media User Mistakes Related Posts 1 50% of Digital Marketers Say Earned Media Will Deliver Best Returns in 2017 [DATA] 2 Videos on Facebook: Native vs YouTube. Which Wins? 3 Facebook to Favor Live Videos Over Recorded Videos in News Feed 4 YouTube Introduces a ‘Trending’ Tab, Surfacing Viral Videos in Real Time SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2017 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
null
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News World Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air World Home U.N. Conflicts Terrorism Disasters Global Economy Environment Religion Scandals Regions The Americas Parents of Canadian hostage: first time we've seen kids Published December 21, 2016 Associated Press Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print FILE - This undated militant file image from video posted online in August 2016, which has not been independently verified by The Associated Press, provided by SITE Intel Group, shows Canadian Joshua Boyle and American Caitlan Coleman, who were kidnapped in Afghanistan in 2012. Officials in Canada are calling for the unconditional release of Boyle and his wife following the release of another video on Monday, Dec. 19, 2016, that appears to show them begging for their governments to intervene with their Afghan captors on their behalf. (SITE Intel Group via AP, File)  (The Associated Press) FILE - This undated militant file image from video posted online in August 2016, which has not been independently verified by The Associated Press, provided by SITE Intel Group, shows Canadian Joshua Boyle and American Caitlan Coleman, who were kidnapped in Afghanistan in 2012. Officials in Canada are calling for the unconditional release of Boyle and his wife following the release of another video on Monday, Dec. 19, 2016, that appears to show them begging for their governments to intervene with their Afghan captors on their behalf. (SITE Intel Group via AP, File)  (The Associated Press) Previous Next TORONTO –  The parents of a Canadian man held hostage in Afghanistan say a recently released video of his family marks the first time they've seen the two grandchildren, who were born in captivity. Canadian Joshua Boyle and his American wife, Caitlan Coleman, were kidnapped in 2012 while travelling in Afghanistan. In a video this week, Coleman — sitting with two young children — urges governments on all sides to reach a deal to secure the family's freedom. Boyle's parents, Patrick and Linda Boyle, said in statement Wednesday the video is the first glimpse at the kids The parents say their son told them in a letter that they've tried to protect the children by pretending their signs of captivity are part of a game being played with guards. Advertisement Trending in World 1 Israeli police question Netanyahu for alleged corruption 2 Mexicans block roads, stations to protest gasoline hikes 3 Titanic doomed by ice -- and fire? 4 Turkish authorities close to identifying Istanbul gunman 5 Skier Jean Vuarnet, who struck gold with tuck position, dies Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
null
null
Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact Top - World Huawei to re-think the way it does business Top - World Russian hacks: US strikes back Home In-depth News Off-beat Opinion Adii Pienaar Alan Knott-Craig Jr Aleks Gostev Alison Gillwald Alistair Fairweather Andrew Fraser Andrew Rens Andy Marken Angus Hay Anton Harber Anton Meyer Antony Seeff Arno du Toit Art Coviello Ayo Ajayi Bradley Shaw Cameron MacKenzie Candice Jones Chris Moerdyk Chris Roper Craig Lappan Craig Neill Craig Raw Craig Wilson Danie Nel Danie Pienaar Darryl Bernstein Dave Gale Dave MacDonald David Glance David Liu David Walker De Wet Bisschoff Denis Smit Dirk de Vos Dominic Cull Don MacRobert Duncan McLeod Eckart Zollner Elaine de Beer Eric Edelstein Eric MK Osiakwan Erika van der Merwe Etienne Louw Faith Muthambi Francois Beyleveld Fungai Sibanda Gaelyn Scott Gareth Knight Gavin Davis Genna Robb Gerard Soverall Gill Moodie Gisèle Wertheim Aymés Gizela Parker Graham Beneke Graham Braum Graham Friend Greg Mahlknecht Gregory Serandos Guy Zibi Helen Zille Henk Kleynhans Herman Blignaut Hillary Clinton Hilton Tarrant Howard Blake Howard Rybko Ihab Moawad Indra de Lanerolle Isaac Mophatlane Ismail Vadi Ivo Vegter Jacques Rousseau Jacqui O'Sullivan James Francis Jan Dawson Jana van Zyl Jannie van Zyl Jason Norwood-Young Jason Xenopoulos Jasson Urbach Joe Mjwara Jose Dos Santos Juanita Clark Justin McCarthy Justin Schwellnus Justin Spratt Karl Muller Kathleen Rice Keith Jones Keith Thabo Kenny Inggs Kevin Phillips Lara Pienaar Lawrence Lundy Leon G Marincowitz Lisa Thornton Lloyd Gedye Maphanga Maseko Marc Ashton Marcel Kramer Marian Shinn Marius Burger Mark Acton Mark Pretorius Mark Seftel Mark Taylor Mark Whitby Martha Bennett Matthew French Michael Jordaan Mike Mulcahy Mophethe Moletsane Muzi Makhaye Nafisa Akabor Nathan Jeffery Nathaniel Borenstein Neil Campbell Neil Watson Nic Callegari Nick Jones Owen Dean Pallo Jordan Paris Mashile Pascal Matzke Patricia de Lille Patrick Gaspard Paul Jacobson Paul Theron Peter Karaszi Peter Streicher Peter Walsh Pieter Steyn Prenesh Padayachee Pria Chetty Rachel Sikwane Regardt van der Berg Reshaad Sha Richard Firth Richard Mullins Rob Lith Roger Hislop Romeo Kumalo Russel Yeo Russell Lamberti Russell Southwood Ryk van Niekerk Sasha Naryshkine Schalk Nolte Shameel Joosub Shashi Hansjee Simon Dingle Sipho Hlongwane Sipho Maseko Siya Qoza Siyabonga Cwele Siyabonga Madyibi Songezo Zibi Steve Song Steven Ambrose Steven Cohen Styli Charalambous Sunil Gopal Suveer Ramdhani Tawana Kupe Thabiso Moerane Tim Genders Tim James Tim Parle Tim Shier Tim Walter Tim Wyatt-Gunning Timothy Kroon Toby Shapshak Tony Gunnarsson Verashni Pillay Vicky Stilwell Vincent Hoogduijn Vinolan David William Stucke Willington Ngwepe Yunus Carrim Zunaid Bulbulia People Podcasts TalkCentral ZA Tech Show Reviews Start-ups Weekend About Advertise Newsletter Contact How Apple alienated Mac loyalists To die-hard fans, Apple's Macintosh sometimes seems like an afterthought these days. By Mark Gurman. Added by Agency Staff on 20 December 2016. Saved under In-depth, Top Tags: Apple, Jony Ive, Microsoft, Tim Cook Tweet The new MacBook Pro To die-hard fans, Apple’s Macintosh sometimes seems like an afterthought these days. Mac upgrades, once a frequent ritual, are few and far between. The Mac Pro, Apple’s marquee computer, hasn’t been refreshed since 2013. The affordable and flexible Mac mini was last upgraded in 2014. And when a new machine does roll out, the results are sometimes underwhelming, if not infuriating, to devotees. In October, after more than 500 days without an update, Apple unveiled the new MacBook Pro, with a slimmer design and louder speakers. The laptop garnered mostly favourable reviews from the technology press but grumbles from creative types, a key constituency, who said the device under-performed rival products. Interviews with people familiar with Apple’s inner workings reveal that the Mac is getting far less attention than it once did. They say the Mac team has lost clout with the famed industrial design group led by Jony Ive and the company’s software team. They also describe a lack of clear direction from senior management, departures of key people working on Mac hardware and technical challenges that have delayed the roll-out of new computers. While the Mac generates about 10% of Apple sales, the company can’t afford to alienate professional designers and other business customers. After all, they helped fuel Apple’s revival in the late 1990s. In a stinging critique, Peter Kirn, founder of a website for music and video creators, wrote: “This is a company with no real vision for what its most creative users actually do with their most advanced machines.” If more Mac users switch, the Apple ecosystem will become less sticky — opening the door to people abandoning higher-value products like the iPhone and iPad. People now have more options. Microsoft, once derided by Mac loyalists for its clunky, buggy software, offers Windows 10, which provides the tablet-type functionality Apple pioneered with the iPad. Microsoft’s Surface computers offer Apple-esque quality and a well-reviewed creative paint program aimed at the Mac’s audience. Sensing an opportunity, Microsoft called the MacBook Pro a “disappointment” and said more users than ever were switching to its Surface laptops. An Apple spokesman declined to comment. However, the company has said the Macintosh remains one of its most important products and denies it takes a back seat to other gadgets. The ultra-thin MacBook introduced in 2015 Four years ago at Apple’s annual developer conference, marketing chief Phil Schiller pledged to keep the computer front and centre in the company’s product arsenal. “Nobody turns over their entire line as quickly and completely as we do at Apple,” Schiller said. “We’re really proud of the engineering team and the work they do to do this quick so you can get the exact product you need.” Two years later, the company held a 30th birthday party for the Macintosh, a splashy event that featured a OneRepublic concert at Apple’s Cupertino, California headquarters. The company also created a website celebrating the Mac’s history. To be fair, Apple depends on Intel, which still makes key chips for Macs. Like the rest of the PC industry, Apple’s innovation and product cycles are sometimes constrained by when Intel produces new chips — a process that’s getting more difficult. Making a laptop stand out is also harder these days. But when Apple has tried to leapfrog the competition, it has fallen short. Take the company’s attempt to create a longer-lasting battery for the MacBook Pro. Apple engineers wanted to use higher-capacity battery packs shaped to the insides of the laptop versus the standard square cells found in most machines. The design would have boosted battery life. In the run-up to the MacBook Pro’s planned debut this year, the new battery failed a key test, according to a person familiar with the situation. Rather than delay the launch and risk missing the crucial holiday shopping season, Apple decided to revert to an older design. The change required roping in engineers from other teams to finish the job, meaning work on other Macs languished, the person said. The new laptop didn’t represent a game-changing leap in battery performance, and a software bug misrepresented hours of power remaining. Apple has since removed the meter from the top right-hand corner of the screen. In the Mac’s heyday, people working on new models could expect a lot of attention from Ive’s team. Once a week his people would meet with Mac engineers to discuss ongoing projects. Mac engineers brought prototypes to Ive’s studio for review, while his lieutenants would visit the Mac labs to look at early concepts. Those visits have become less frequent since the company began focusing more on more-valuable products like the iPhone and iPad, and the change became even more obvious after the design team’s leadership was shuffled last year, according to a person familiar with the situation. In another sign that the company has prioritised the iPhone, Apple re-organised its software engineering department so there’s no longer a dedicated Mac operating system team. There is now just one team, and most of the engineers are iOS first, giving the people working on the iPhone and iPad more power. That’s part of a broader shift toward making Macs more like iPhones. Apple prioritises features, like thinness and minimal ports, that sell its iPhones and iPads, which generated about 75% of revenue this year. Those are contrary to professional needs, like maximum computing power. Early prototypes of the 12-inch MacBook used the iPhone’s Lightning connector, although this was ditched for a more standard USB-C port. There was even a gold MacBook Pro planned, but this was shelved because the colour didn’t look good on such a large product. The Mac Pro is overdue a refresh to stay current In recent years, Apple managers have also become more likely to float two or more competing ideas, meaning designers and engineers must work on more than one concept at a time. In the past, managers pushed a more singular vision. Engineers are now “asked to develop multiple options in hopes that one of them will be shippable”, a person familiar with the matter said. When the company was developing the first 12-inch MacBook, Apple tested two primary prototypes. One, known internally as Stealth Fighter, was lighter. The second, a slightly less ambitious design known as Stealth Bomber, was heavier. The lighter model prevailed, but with engineers developing and testing two competing concepts, they had less time to figure out how to cram all the electronics into a thin slab of aluminum that would hold together. In the end, Apple shipped the laptop in 2015, months after its 2014 goal. For a 2016 MacBook update, some Apple engineers wanted to add a Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a second USB-C port (which would have made some power users happy). The update instead included a new rose gold color option alongside a standard speed increase. The internal turmoil has taken a toll. More than a dozen engineers and managers working on Mac hardware have left for different Apple teams or other companies in the past year and a half, said people familiar with the situation. Some were looking for a less all-consuming work environment, while others felt the future of Mac hardware was unclear in a world of iPhones and iPads. Tim Cook (image: Mike Deerkoski) In 2013, Apple launched a redesigned Mac Pro, a black cylinder with bright white LED lights. It was a powerful desktop machine created partly to cast a halo over the entire Macintosh line-up. The Mac Pro was also the first Apple computer in years to be assembled in the US. Under pressure from politicians to create manufacturing jobs at home, Apple was looking to score political points. The decision caused production headaches though. The Mac Pro’s glossy exterior and chrome bevelled edges meant Apple had to make its own manufacturing tools and then train people to run those machines in an assembly plant. This slowed production and constrained Apple’s ability to make enough computers to meet demand. Three years on, the Mac Pro is ripe for an upgrade with its chips and connector ports lagging rival products. Because of the earlier challenges, some Apple engineers have raised the possibility of moving production back to Asia, where it’s cheaper and manufacturers have the required skills for ambitious products, according to a person familiar with those internal discussions. The political environment is tougher for such a move now. During his campaign, President-elect Donald Trump hammered Apple for building most of its products overseas and since his election he has pushed other companies to keep some jobs in the US. Still, Apple hasn’t given up on Macs. In a recent company Q&A session, employees asked whether Mac desktop computers remain strategically important. “We have great desktops in our roadmap. Nobody should worry about that,” CEO Tim Cook said, according to a transcript of the discussion obtained by Bloomberg News. The latest MacBook Pro has a “Touch Bar”, a thin touchscreen built into the keyboard that lets users quickly access app shortcuts, change system settings, and pick emojis. The laptop also has Touch ID to speed up online purchases and a giant trackpad for easier gesture control. Apple designers are already exploring standalone keyboards with the touch strip and a fingerprint reader for desktops. Apple will decide whether to release these based on how well the features do on the MacBook Pro. Mac fans shouldn’t hold their breath for radical new designs in 2017, though. Instead, the company is preparing modest updates: USB-C ports and a new AMD graphics processor for the iMac, and minor bumps in processing power for the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro. Cue the outrage.  — (c) 2016 Bloomberg LP Share this article Tweet Rob Dempster I am typing this while sitting in front of a late-2012 iMac that was recently transformed by swapping the 1 GB hard disk for a 500 MB SSD. Beats me why Apple does not sell the iMac with a ann SSD already installed. Also disappointed that the iMac only gets a mention in the last paragraph of the article. My next acquisition may well be a box running Ubuntu configured as I see fit with a 24 inch 4K monitor. Connect with TechCentral Follow TechCentral on Twitter Connect with TechCentral on Facebook Connect with TechCentral on Google+ Subscribe to our newsletter Articles by comments (7 days) 2Legal war erupts between Nokia, Apple 1Russian hacks: US strikes back 1Russian hacks: how the US might retaliate 1Backspace: ‘Resolutions’ 1The extraordinary rise of chip maker Nvidia Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact RSS ↑ TechCentral TechCentral Log in - (c) 2009 - 2015 NewsCentral Media
LAST CHANCESubscribe As Low As $4.99/1 YR! Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Find subscriber exclusive deals, events, manage your account and more.Insider View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 340 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Season for Sharing: Treasures 4 Teachers connects educators with affordable classroom supplies Educators can shop for classroom supplies on the cheap at Treasures 4 Teachers in Tempe. Post to Facebook Season for Sharing: Treasures 4 Teachers connects educators with affordable classroom supplies Educators can shop for classroom supplies on the cheap at Treasures 4 Teachers in Tempe.  Check out this story on azcentral.com: http://azc.cc/2i5klFN {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. This story is part of Arizona Season for Sharing Ask Clay: He's back and he missed you people. Now about those goobers... How to donate to Season for Sharing Season for Sharing: Domestic-violence shelters give elderly victims second chance at life Season for Sharing: Treasures 4 Teachers connects educators with affordable classroom supplies Carrie Watters , The Republic | azcentral.com 7:01 a.m. MST December 20, 2016 Angelica Soto shops for classroom supplies at Treasures 4 Teachers in Tempe. The non-profit provides donated supplies to teachers around the Valley. (Photo: Treasures 4 Teachers) Barbara Blalock leads a non-profit that began as a project in her garage 12 years ago. "Hey, we need to do something here," her husband eventually said. You see, her effort was to put donated school supplies into the hands of educators. Binders, file folders and the like can stack up fast. At the time, she worked for the YMCA helping preschools gain accreditation, and she found that many didn’t have adequate supplies. Blalock reached out to Intel in Chandler, which began donating supplies and spreading the word. Soon the garage hit capacity, and a non-profit was established: Treasures 4 Teachers. Donate to Season for Sharing 5 reasons to give Giving is a statement of the heart Thank you for making a difference Ask Clay: It's time to help List of last year's grants Complete campaign coverage After several moves to consecutively larger spaces, Treasures 4 Teachers now fills a 12,000-square-foot facility in Tempe. The organization serves about 3,000 educators annually, from school teachers to Girl Scout and Boy Scout troop leaders. The facility is open to any type of educator, with proof of the program they serve, to find deals. The non-profit is budget-friendly way to stock classrooms as national estimates suggest the average teacher spends about $1,000 a year on classroom supplies. “We can complain about the education system, we can say how bad it is out there for the teachers or we can stand up and do something," Blalock said. AZCENTRAL Thanks to you, Arizona, we're making a difference The program's mobile unit, which delivers supplies directly to teachers, received a $5,000 Season for Sharing grant this year. Blalock shared more details on the program. Barbara Blalock founded Treasures 4 Teachers when she saw educators' need for more supplies.  (Photo: Treasures 4 Teachers) QUESTION: What is T4T On Wheels? ANSWER: We found that many teachers didn’t have the time or the money to travel the distance to our primary location. Because of the phenomenal amount of donations we receive, we needed to find a method to get those items to teachers, so we funded a program called T4T On Wheels in 2013. We deliver items to schools around the Valley as often as we can get them scheduled. The items provided to these teachers are 100 percent new. We visited 50 to 60 schools last year and served multiple teachers in those schools, with close to 100,000 students impacted. Our priority is Title I schools (schools with a high number of students from low-income households), but we will go wherever needed. Q: And the Tempe facility is open to all educators? A: Yes. It’s really one of those places that you have to see. It's a member-based program: $35 a year. You can fill a bag for $5. And then we have a free section and an area where things are priced as marked. It’s super minimal. A teacher will leave here with her shopping cart overflowing for anywhere from $10-12. Q: Where do the donations come from? A: We get donations from all over the Valley — businesses and private individuals, anyone who might have items a teacher would need, such as binders, file folders, pens, pencils, markers and writing materials. We get a lot of donations from retired teachers, such as alphabets and bulletin board sets. Q: How many volunteers does it take? A: I have 115 volunteers who volunteered 10,435 hours just last year. They sort donations, they package stuff, they stock the shelves, they clean things and they take donations — whatever we need. One lady owns the book area — she’s so proud of it, it’s hers. Another lady just does the paper aisle. A good majority of them are former teachers. Q: What is your greatest need? A: To let more teachers know that we exist. Find out more about the non-profit at treasures4teachers.org. About Season for Sharing We’ll send 100 percent of your donations to local non-profits. Who is helped Last year, 144 agencies received $2.73 million. Since 1993, almost $60 million has been distributed. Where the money goes It all stays in Arizona. One hundred percent of your donations and the matching funds go directly to non-profit agencies in the state. All overhead and fundraising costs are paid by The Arizona Republic/azcentral. How your dollars help The Gannett Foundation and our community partners, the Nina Mason Pulliam Charitable Trust and the Arizona Community Foundation, will multiply your generosity by matching your gifts 50 cents on the dollar up to $650,000. Who makes this possible? The Arizona Republic/azcentral and the Gannett Foundation. Season for Sharing is a donor-advised fund of the Arizona Community Foundation. To donate, go to sharing.azcentral.com, or use the coupon on Page 4A of The Republic and mail your donations to P.O. Box 29250, Phoenix, AZ 85038-9250. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Thank You Thursday - Season for Sharing grant winners 2016  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Chicanos Por La Causa - De Colores was awarded $40,000 through Season for Sharing on March 17, 2016. | "With the requested funds, Chicanos Por La Causa's De Colores Domestic Violence Shelter will provide 300 children with culturally-appropriate supportive services to help them recover from the negative impacts of witnessing or experiencing domestic violence in their homes."  The Republic Fullscreen Expect More Arizona was awarded $5,000 through Season for Sharing on March 17, 2016. | "Thank you! Your support is vital to our efforts to ensure every child in Arizona receives a world-class education, from the early years through career."  The Republic Fullscreen The Salvation Army - Senior Center was awarded $60,000 through Season for Sharing on March 17, 2016. | "With continued support from the Season for Sharing, The Salvation Army will serve metro Phoenix families, children, and individuals struggling with hunger, homelessness, and domestic violence. Our programs promote strong family foundations, independence, and self-sufficiency."  The Republic Fullscreen Banner Alzheimer's Institute was awarded $20000 through Season for Sharing on March 17, 2016. | Funding from Season for Sharing will be used to support education and training programs at Banner Alzheimer's Institute for caregivers of patients with Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia.  The Republic Fullscreen Boys and Girls Clubs of Metro Phoenix was awarded $32,000 through Season for Sharing on March 17, 2016. | "With funding from Season for Sharing, the Boys & Girls Clubs of Metro Phoenix will provide the educational resources to ensure that our Club kids can and will graduate high school; that they are prepared for college and the workforce; and that they are inspired to succeed academically."  The Republic Fullscreen The Arizona Science Center was awarded $30,000 through Season for Sharing on March 17, 2016. | Funding from Season for Sharing will be used to help support Focused Field Trips, one of Arizona Science Center’s signature student/teacher engagement programs that provide free field trip experiences, teacher workshops and classroom materials for Title-1, K-8 schools in Arizona.  The Republic Fullscreen The Desert Botanical Garden was awarded $25,000 through Season for Sharing on March 17, 2016. | Funding from Season for Sharing will support activities designed to increase K-8th grade students’ achievement in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) while nurturing a respect and appreciation for our native Sonoran Desert. The program features online curriculum, plant-based investigations at the Garden and a post-visit guided activity.  The Republic Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 7 2 of 7 3 of 7 4 of 7 5 of 7 6 of 7 7 of 7 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 340 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2i5klFN TOP VIDEOS Raw: Police Body Cam Video Of Dramatic Rescue 1:12 4 of the biggest Christmas myths debunked 0:57 Putin praises Trump, thinks Democrats are sore losers 0:46 Best mugshots of 2016 1:09 #Pizzagate: an example of fake news gone too far 0:57 Uber Is Investing in artificial intelligence 0:38 Five best U.S. airports 0:34 Walk the runway of the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 0:48 Top five college football games to watch in Week 14 2:19 Castro's ashes travel across Cuba 0:49 Brazilian soccer team laughed boarding doomed flight 0:36 Zoo's gorilla barrier didn't meet standards when Harambe died 0:47 People formed a human ladder to rescue an man from a river in China 0:36 Marilyn Monroe's iconic dress sell for $4.8 million 1:05 Twitter expected to field offers to buy social media network this week 1:32 Black police group unhappy with political endorsements 0:32 Emu loose on I-10 in Arizona 0:12 First look: Sky Harbor Terminal 3 upgrades 1:23 Halloween 2016 By The Numbers 0:50 Octopus hunts one of the world's most venomous fish 0:35 Kent Somers, Bob McManaman discuss news from Cardinals camp on Friday 2:12 You Can Sleep In Dracula's Coffin Thanks To Airbnb 1:09 Five things that matter to Millennials in the election 1:52 Half-zebra, half-donkey is 100% adorable 0:27 Punchlines: Disenchanted yet? 4:54 Mexico City cartoon exhibit depicts Donald Trump as a Nazi 2:04 Former Jets player killed in crash 0:37 Glenn Beck praises Michelle Obama's speech as incredibly effective 1:15 4 dead when truck plunged off San Diego bridge into crowd below 0:43 What to watch for in Sprint Cup race at Kansas Speedway 1:56 Several women say Trump inappropriately touched them 0:50 Arizona Season for Sharing Ask Clay: He's back and he missed you people. Now about those goobers... Clay Thompson How to donate to Season for Sharing Season for Sharing: Domestic-violence shelters give elderly victims second chance at life Georgann Yara Season for Sharing: No small goal for Phoenix non-profit that empowers kids to become 'world changers' Carrie Watters Ask Clay: Brighten a columnist's Christmas light with big donations to Season for Sharing Karina Bland Season for Sharing: Neighbors Who Care goes extra mile for homebound Georgann Yara This story is part of Arizona Season for Sharing Ask Clay: He's back and he missed you people. Now about those goobers... How to donate to Season for Sharing Season for Sharing: Domestic-violence shelters give elderly victims second chance at life
01032017Headline: China Lithium-Sulfur Battery Industry, Acute Market Reports 11 hours ago China Rum Industry 2017 Market Research Report, Acute Market Reports 11 hours ago Hospital Real Time Location Systems Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 12 hours ago Flexographic Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 12 hours ago Toilet Care Products Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 12 hours ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Home Business Global Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends, Industry Analysis and Forecast 2016 By Acute Market Reports Global Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends, Industry Analysis and Forecast 2016 By Acute Market Reports December 20, 2016 | by Siemon | Summary Notes: Production, means the output of Flip-Chip Technologies Revenue, means the sales value of Flip-Chip Technologies This report studies the global Flip-Chip Technologies market, analyzes and researches the Flip-Chip Technologies development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like Intel TSMC Samsung GlobalFoundries ASE group Amkor Technology UMC STATS ChipPAC Powertech Technology STMicroelectronics SPIL JCET Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Browse Full Report Visit – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/united-states-eu-japan-china-india-and-southeast-asia-flip-chip-technologies-market-size-status-and-forecast-2021 Market segment by Type, Flip-Chip Technologies can be split into Copper (Cu) pillar Lead (Pb)-free solder Tin-lead (Sn-Pb) eutectic solder Gold stud + plated solder Market segment by Application, Flip-Chip Technologies can be split into Consumer electronics Telecommunication Automotive Industrial sector Medical devices Military & aerospace Others 1 Industry Overview of Flip-Chip Technologies 1.1 Flip-Chip Technologies Market Overview 1.1.1 Flip-Chip Technologies Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 Flip-Chip Technologies Market by Type 1.3.1 Copper (Cu) pillar 1.3.2 Lead (Pb)-free solder 1.3.3 Tin-lead (Sn-Pb) eutectic solder 1.3.4 Gold stud + plated solder 1.4 Flip-Chip Technologies Market by End Users/Application 1.4.1 Consumer electronics 1.4.2 Telecommunication 1.4.3 Automotive 1.4.4 Industrial sector 1.4.5 Medical devices 1.4.6 Military & aerospace 1.4.7 Others 2 Global Flip-Chip Technologies Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size (Value) by Players (2015-2016) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future Browse All Reports of This Category – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/equipment-market 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 Intel 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 Flip-Chip Technologies Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 TSMC 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 Flip-Chip Technologies Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.2.5 Recent Developments 3.3 Samsung 3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 Flip-Chip Technologies Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.3.5 Recent Developments 4 Global Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size by Type and Application (2011-2016) 4.1 Global Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size by Type (2011-2016) 4.2 Global Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size by Application (2011-2016) 4.3 Potential Application of Flip-Chip Technologies in Future 4.4 Top Consumer/End Users of Flip-Chip Technologies 5 United States Flip-Chip Technologies Development Status and Outlook 5.1 United States Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size (2011-2016) 5.2 United States Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size and Market Share by Players (2015-2016) 6 EU Flip-Chip Technologies Development Status and Outlook 6.1 EU Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size (2011-2016) 6.2 EU Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size and Market Share by Players (2015-2016) 7 Japan Flip-Chip Technologies Development Status and Outlook 7.1 Japan Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size (2011-2016) 7.2 Japan Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size and Market Share by Players (2015-2016) To Get Complete Report @ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/united-states-eu-japan-china-india-and-southeast-asia-flip-chip-technologies-market-size-status-and-forecast-2021 8 China Flip-Chip Technologies Development Status and Outlook 8.1 China Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size (2011-2016) 8.2 China Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size and Market Share by Players (2015-2016) Latest Reports : Global Multi-filament Fiber Market Research Report 2016 Global Military Antibacterial Glass Market Research Report 2016 Global Moisture Management Fabrics Market Research Report 2016 About – Acute Market Reports : Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements.We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online. Contact Us : Chris Paul ACUTE MARKET REPORTS Office No 101, 1st Floor , Aditi Mall, Baner, Pune, MH, 411045 India Toll Free(US/CANADA): +1-855-455-8662 India: +91 7755981103 Email : sales@acutemarketreports.com Website : http://www.acutemarketreports.com Filed in: Business Tags: Global Flip-Chip Technologies Market Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You China Lithium-Sulfur Battery Industry, Acute Market Reports China Rum Industry 2017 Market Research Report, Acute Market Reports Hospital Real Time Location Systems Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Flexographic Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts China Lithium-Sulfur Battery Industry, Acute Market Reports China Rum Industry 2017 Market Research Report, Acute Market Reports Hospital Real Time Location Systems Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Flexographic Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Toilet Care Products Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Acer Brings Ultra-Thin, Affordable All-in-One PCs to the United States Acer Brings Ultra-Thin, Affordable All-in-One PCs to the United States Posted on December 20, 2016 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Aspire C Series features beautiful aesthetics, super slim bezels and an attractive price; great holiday gift with prices starting at $449.99. SAN JOSE, Calif. (PRWEB) December 20, 2016 Editor’s Summary The new Acer Aspire C Series with both 23.8- and 21.5-inch Full HD display models feature a slim .31-inch bezel and stunning aesthetics Deliver ample power with up to 6th generation Intel® Core™ i3 processors and 8GB DDR4 memory Provide significant storage capabilities with up to 1TB(1) 5400RPM hard drives Acer America today announced the expansion of its all-in-one desktop line in the United States with the new Aspire C Series featuring 23.8- and 21.5-inch display models touting beautiful, sleek aesthetics and ultra-thin .31-inch bezels to maximize viewing area. This line makes an ideal holiday gift for those wanting their first PC or a second one for the home. Smart ergonomics make computing comfortable. The chassis tilts from -5 to 20 degrees for easily finding the best angle for watching a film or working on a spreadsheet. For high-quality teleconferences, the 1MP HD webcam and Full HD (1920 x 1080) display deliver clear and vibrant images, while a built-in single array microphone emits clear audio. To enhance the clean design, save space and reduce clutter, Bluetooth 4.0 LE and 802.11ac(1) eliminate messy wires. “The new Acer Aspire C all-in-one desktops are an excellent choice for those desiring a gorgeous PC with ample power at a great price for managing your digital library of music, photos and videos,” said Frank Chang, director of stationary products for Acer America. The Acer Aspire C Series offers plenty of power for fueling productivity applications, casual gaming and social media with up to a 6th generation Intel® Core® i3 processor, up to Intel® HD Graphics 520 and as much as 8GB DDR4 memory, depending on configuration. Spacious hard drives with up to 1TB(2) storage capacity can accommodate a large library of applications, files and multimedia. Bundled with a free trial of Microsoft Office 2016, it provides the latest productivity tools for work, school and home projects. Offering excellent connectivity, the Aspire C Series comes with two USB 3.0 ports and two USB 2.0 ports for linking to peripherals and digital devices. In addition, two speakers deliver quality audio. The Aspire C Series all-in-one desktops are available with a choice of Windows 10, FreeDOS or Linpus Simple Linux with prices ranging from $449.99 (MSRP) to $699.99 (MSRP). They come with a limited one-year parts and labor warranty.(2) About Acer Established in 1976, Acer is a hardware + software + services company dedicated to the research, design, marketing, sale, and support of innovative products that enhance people's lives. Acer's product offerings include PCs, displays, projectors, servers, tablets, smartphones and wearables. It is also developing cloud solutions to bring together the Internet of Things. Acer is celebrating its 40th anniversary in 2016 and is one of the world’s top 5 PC companies. It employs 7,000 people worldwide and has a presence in over 160 countries. Please visit http://www.acer.com for more information. Media Contacts Acer America Corp. Erin Davern        Tel: +949-471-7785    Email: erin.davern(at)acer.com © 2016 Acer America Corp. All rights reserved. Acer and the Acer logo are registered trademarks of Acer Inc. Other trademarks, registered trademarks, and/or service marks, indicated or otherwise, are the property of their respective owners. All offers subject to change without notice or obligation and may not be available through all sales channels. Prices listed are manufacturer suggested retail prices and may vary by location. Applicable sales tax extra. 1.)    The product is based on IEEE 802.11ac draft specification and multi-user scenario. Actual speed will vary based on range, connection rate, site conditions, size of network, and other factors. The claim of up to 3x faster transmission speed is valid only under scenario when wireless AP supports 4 MU streams. An 802.11ac wireless equipped PC requires an 802.11ac router to work properly.” 2.)    Accessible capacity varies; MB = 1 million bytes; GB = 1 billion bytes 3.)    Limited warranty agreement applies. For a copy, write to Acer Customer Service, P.S. Box 6137 For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/12/prweb13932455.htm Latest News World Patent Ratings Issues First Round of 2017 Intangible Asset Valuation Reports For Internet Software and Service Providers Fascol Introduces Trunki Ride on Suitcase Global Battery Storage Market 2016: By Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Global Blenders & Juicers Market 2016: By Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Global Blood Irradiation Sales Market 2016: By Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Global Blu-Ray Player Market 2016: By Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Global Candle Market 2016: By Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Global Car Navigation Market 2016: By Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Global Industrial Connector Market 2016: By Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Global Diatomaceous Earth Market 2016: By Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Monday , January 2 2017 About us Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contributors Seneca Globe Seneca News Report Home Finance Stocks Consumer-Goods Biotech-Pharma News Feature Life Style World Breaking News JetBlue Airways (NASDAQ:JBLU)- Active Volatile Stocks in Hot Folio: Las Vegas Sands Corp. (NYSE:LVS) BP p.l.c. (NYSE:BP) Paid $1.3B For Petrol Station Business of Woolworths- Mallinckrodt Public (NYSE:MNK), Sears Holdings (NASDAQ:SHLD) Ford Motor Company (NYSE:F) Urges Potential Buyer to Buy Before 2017 to Take Advantage of Tax Breaks Verizon Communications (NYSE:VZ) Testes A Balloon At Site Of A Proposed 150-Foot Tall Cellphone Tower- Kingold Jewelry (KGJI) Home / Feature / Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) Will Challenge The Dominance of Raspberry Pi- Finisar Corporation (NASDAQ:FNSR) Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) Will Challenge The Dominance of Raspberry Pi- Finisar Corporation (NASDAQ:FNSR) Will Lawson 2 weeks ago Feature Leave a comment 481 Views Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) [Trend Analysis] pretends to be active mover, stock jumped up around 1.60% to traded at $36.89. Intel (INTC) declared that it is now shipping a new single-board computer, the Joule 550x, that will challenge the dominance of Raspberry Pi. The board was reported in August but didn’t ship right away. The Joule 550x is a full-fledged computer on a small circuit board, and it packs more horsepower and graphics capabilities than the Raspberry Pi 3. But at prices of up to US$349, the Joule 550x costs about 10 times more than Raspberry Pi 3. The board is now accessible from online retailer Mouser. It is accessible for $291 on Newegg. Intel’s recommended price for Joule 550x is $149 to $159, so Mouser is asking for a heavy premium for the computer board. The Joule 550x will provide ample computing power to people building powerful robots, drones, or electronics. Using boards accessible before the retail release, some Joule-based robots and devices, like Microsoft’s voice recognizing Bamboo robot, have already been made, and others like bartending robots are on the way. The liquidity measure in recent quarter results of the company was recorded 1.80 as current ratio, on the other side the debt to equity ratio was 0.44, and long-term debt to equity ratio remained 0.44. The Company has gross margin of 61.60% and profit margin was positive 17.90% in trailing twelve months. (Read Latest [Free Analytic] Facts on NASDAQ:INTC and Be Updated) To accommodate long-term intention, the firm has diverse dividend or yield record, INTC has Dividend Yield of 2.86% and experts calculate Return on Investment of 13.60%. The firm has Profit Margin of positive 17.90%. Finisar Corporation (NASDAQ:FNSR) [Trend Analysis], stock knocked up around 0.67% in early session as its gaining volume of 3.34 Million. The stock showed weekly upbeat performance of -6.70%, which maintained for the month at -4.33%. Similarly, the positive performance for the quarter recorded as 8.46% and for the year was 112.33%, while the YTD performance remained at 114.37%. FNSR has Average True Range for 14 days of 1.57. For latest Market Updates Subscribes Here   Finisar Corporation FNSR INTC Intel Corporation NASDAQ:FNSR NASDAQ:INTC 2016-12-20 Will Lawson Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags Finisar Corporation FNSR INTC Intel Corporation NASDAQ:FNSR NASDAQ:INTC About Will Lawson Will Lawson is a financial journalist, and has been the lead writer and editor for Seneca Globe News Media since January 2014. Email: will.lawson@senecaglobe.com Previous NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) Would Ultimately Supply GPU; Countered With Suggestions AMD Would Get NOD Next Cypress Semiconductor (NASDAQ:CY) Begun Volume Shipments Of Microcontrollers- Viavi Solutions (NASDAQ:VIAV) Related Articles Bubbly Stocks in Focal Point- Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC), NXP Semiconductors (NASDAQ:NXPI) 3 days ago Reaffirm Stocks To Gain Attentions: Rennova Health, Inc. (NASDAQ:RNVA), Finisar Corporation (NASDAQ:FNSR) 3 days ago Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC); Active Stocks Notes Wondering in Hotspot- Mobileye (NYSE:MBLY), CalAmp (CAMP) 4 days ago Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Advertisement Recent Popular Comments Tags Reaffirm Stocks To Gain Attentions: Johnson Controls International plc (NYSE:JCI), Constellation Brands, Inc. (NYSE:STZ) 11 hours ago Restated Stocks Active on Selling Boundary: Mast Therapeutics (NYSE:MSTX), Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ARWR) 11 hours ago Active Rated Stocks ‘How’ and ‘Why’: Marinus Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:MRNS), AmpliPhi Biosciences (NYSE:APHB) 11 hours ago Retreated Mix Cap Active Movers: ImmunoGen, Inc. (NASDAQ:IMGN), Express Scripts Holding (NASDAQ:ESRX) 11 hours ago Stocks Focus in Frontline Brokers: Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT), Baxter International Inc. (NYSE:BAX) 11 hours ago Vigorous Movers’ Roundup: Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS), Hanesbrands Inc. (NYSE:HBI), PACCAR Inc. (NASDAQ:PCAR) October 12, 2015 88 Valeant Pharmaceuticals International (NYSE:VRX) Declares Delay Result in Firm Filing its Form 10-K- CVS Health (NYSE:CVS) April 25, 2016 14 Banking Stocks in Major News- Bank of America (NYSE:BAC), JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) June 3, 2016 5 Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) Fueling Subscriber Growth via Worldwide Launches- Shaw Communications, Inc. (NYSE:SJR) April 15, 2016 2 Tech Active News in Retreated Reviews- MaxLinear (NYSE:MXL), Sigma Designs (NASDAQ:SIGM) March 28, 2016 2 NASDAQ:MSFT MSFT Microsoft Corporation NASDAQ:AMZN Amazon.com AMZN T NYSE:T GE NYSE:GE F NYSE:F General Electric Company AT&T NASDAQ:INTC INTC TSLA Intel Corporation Tesla Motors NASDAQ:TSLA NYSE:GM GM AMD NASDAQ:AMD Advanced Micro Devices Find us on Facebook About Us Seneca Globe is diverse media platform that focus on Finance, Economy, Tech, Gadgets and Life Style niches. Our mission is to provide unparalleled news and insights. If you seek news coverage that’s as interested in solutions and heroes as in problems and scandals, give Seneca Globe a try. Weather Forcast Random Posts Stocks Under Street Preference: Flexion Therapeutics (NASDAQ:FLXN), Sears (NASDAQ:SHLD), Dollar General (NYSE:DG) May 27, 2016 Charming Stock Regain Active Consensus: Exelon Corporation (NYSE:EXC), Cosan Limited (NYSE:CZZ) October 12, 2016 Technology Stocks on Hotspot: SunEdison, Inc. (NYSE:SUNE), LifeLock, Inc. (NYSE:LOCK), Entegris, Inc. (NASDAQ:ENTG) October 22, 2015 Latest Posts Reaffirm Stocks To Gain Attentions: Johnson Controls International plc (NYSE:JCI), Constellation Brands, Inc. (NYSE:STZ) 11 hours ago Restated Stocks Active on Selling Boundary: Mast Therapeutics (NYSE:MSTX), Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ARWR) 11 hours ago Active Rated Stocks ‘How’ and ‘Why’: Marinus Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:MRNS), AmpliPhi Biosciences (NYSE:APHB) 11 hours ago Powered by WordPress © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> Systems Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel Storage GPUs SSDs Motherboards CPUs NVIDIA Mobile Systems Home> Systems Calyos NSG Cube: Passively Cooled SFF PC with Intel Core and GeForce GTX 1060 by Anton Shilov on December 20, 2016 4:00 PM EST Posted in Systems Intel Mini ITX Cases/Cooling/PSUs NVIDIA Pascal Calyos 20 Comments | Add A Comment 20 Comments + Add A Comment Calyos plans to display its first passively cooled small form-factor gaming PC at CES early next month. The NSG Cube promises to pack an Intel Core processor as well as a GeForce GTX 1060 graphics card to offer a decent level of performance in games by a system that produces absolutely no noise. Apart from performance, a lot of gamers nowadays demand computers in compact form-factors and even more people want their systems to be quiet. Developers of key components of PCs understand their customers, which is why companies like AMD, Intel, NVIDIA introduced very power-efficient CPU and GPU architectures as well as SFF designs in the recent years. Meanwhile, it is hard to wed a small form-factor with passive cooling: the former needs airflow and the latter needs either large radiators or liquid cooling (which means large radiators in the end). Apparently, this is exactly what Calyos is trying to do with its NSG Cube. Calyos NSG Cube at Glance   Component TDP CPU Intel Core in LGA1151 form-factor 35 W (?) PCH Intel Z170 6 W Motherboard ASUS Z170I Pro Gaming Over 6 W GPU ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1060 Mini-ITX 120 W Other DRAM, SSD/HDD 39 W Total TDP - ~200 W At present, the amount of information that we have in hand (thanks to FanlessTech) is scarce. What we do know is that the system is based on the ASUS Z170I Pro Gaming motherboard in a Mini-ITX form-factor and uses the ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1060 Mini-ITX graphics adapter. The passively cooled SFF PC will have TDP of 200 W, which is not a lot and given the fact that the video card has TDP of 120 W, this leaves 80 W for the CPU (no overclocking here), PCH, DRAM, SSD and so on. The NSG Cube is designed to be small but uses aluminum radiators to cool down its components. At this point Calyos has not stated if the power supply is internal or external - given the use of the ASUS motherboard, we would suspect an internal unit, either SFX or proprietary. Calyos will demonstrate its NGS Cube at CES in early January. Pricing and ETA of the system are unclear at this point, but the PC will be available commercially. Gallery: Calyos NSG Cube: Passively Cooled SFF PC with Intel Core and GeForce GTX 1060 Related Reading: Launch of Intel’s Apollo Lake NUCs Gets Closer as Intel Lists Them on Web Site ASRock Upgrades Beebox-S SFF PCs with Kaby Lake CPUs HP Z2 Mini G3 Announced: Miniature Professional Workstation with Xeon and Quadro ECS Preps LIVA Z: Apollo Lake-Based Nettop with 4K and USB-C Support Source: FanlessTech Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 20 Comments View All Comments casperes1996 - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link This is quite reminiscent of the Apple G4 Cube Reply casperes1996 - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link As in cooling philosophy, not design or specs of course *edit button Reply mobutu - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link no, this is reminiscent of http://www.streacom.com/products/db4-fanless-chass... Reply Gadgety - Wednesday, December 21, 2016 - link Yes, totally agree. Even the feet. The Streacom design is more elegant, though. This looks interesting. Like a giant heat sink with a side wrapping. If both CPU and GPU are passively cooled it's a major step that Streacom didn't manage. Reply guidryp - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link Kind of reminds me of the Streacom DB4 case: https://techreport.com/news/30224/streacom-db4-is-... But this looks more like it is going for wide open mesh instead of heatpipes. So eventually it will accumulate dust. I like the DB4 better. Reply eldakka - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link I like the DB4 as well, however everything I've been able to find on it indicates that the heatpipes are for the CPU, not for the GPU. It'd be much better if they had a GPU heatpipe setup as well. Reply eldakka - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link (edit!) Not to mention when I did a cost of building such a system, the DB4 case was the single most expensive component of the build (more than the MB, or CPU, or RAM, or GPU or 512GB SSD) Reply Gadgety - Wednesday, December 21, 2016 - link If it managed both GPU and CPU it would be worth it. The case looks very stylish and will be on display for a long time. Reply guidryp - Wednesday, December 21, 2016 - link Odd. All 4 sides are >2LB aluminum heatsinks each of the 4 rated at 65Watts of heat dissipation. It comes standard with a connector to one side, for 65W CPUs, and there is a kit for using 2 sides on the CPU for up to 105 Watts. It seems like you could use 1 panel for CPU (65W) and 2 Panels for ~100W GPU if routing could be figured out. Reply eldakka - Wednesday, December 21, 2016 - link The documentation (sales literature on their website) says up to 120W, based on that I assumed that only 2 sides were heat sinks. However that might just be the the standard unit, maybe the other sides can be replaced by heat sink sides (at additional expense!) ? Reply 1 2 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News GIGABYTE's New Console: The 'Gaming GT' PC Launched with Core i7-K, GTX1080, TB3 ZOTAC Announces GeForce GTX 1080 for Mini-ITX PCs Oculus VR Acquires The Eye Tribe, Developer of Eye Tracking Technologies Thermaltake Adds RGB Lighting to Toughpower Grand Gold PSUs PNY Launches CS2030 SSDs: Phison PS5007-E7, MLC NAND, 2.8 GB/s Sharkoon Launches Rapid-Case USB 3.1 Type-C Storage Device DIY Kit South Korea Fines Qualcomm $865 Million for Anti-Trust Violations Kaby Lake Systems With Intel Optane SSDs Coming Soon Lenovo Updates The ThinkPad Lineup: New Models, Welcome Changes Lenovo Launches New ThinkPad Accessories: Docking And Displays Dell Readies New XPS 15: 4K, Quad-Core Kaby Lake, GeForce GTX 1050 Plextor to Demo Mainstream M8Se NVMe and 3D NAND-Based SSDs at CES TWEETS IanCutress: Trump logic: say you know something, announce a press conference, cancel it, never talk again. He's done it several times. IanCutress: @Dresdenboy @anandtech But meeting CEOs. Always fun to give a card that says 'Dr' IanCutress: Wat @JohnLegere, please fix https://t.co/n8SN1Afgrk ganeshts: @chippy Use JDownloader (free and open source) in a VM. Also gives full control over what one needs from a YouTube link ganeshts: @cablematters What is the best crimper / punchdown tool to use with your shielded Cat6a 1K ft. cable/24-port patch panel/keystone jacks? IanCutress: #CES2017 I'm 85% sure I packed business cards. Otherwise I have 3 for the week. IanCutress: @British_Airways The Android app has had this issue for over a year. https://t.co/6zfAUR5ZtN ganeshts: @DTheSleepless @BrettHowse What is the real rate you are getting? Even with 4x4, I have not been able to get past 800 Mbps TCP throughput. ganeshts: @FPiednoel Given the 2 grace months, extra billing in near future not likely. But, for sure, need to get rid of data caps for wired plans RyanSmithAT: AMD's GCN macro-architecture & Radeon HD 7970 turn 5 years old today. Man, how the time flies. https://t.co/ZYqd9D57Pk RyanSmithAT: @fivemack No, because then only paying customers would have been able to leave reviews RyanSmithAT: @BrettHowse Save them.That way you can remember what they looked like in the past RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte Though at this point it's the OS (Windows) that concerns me more than the hardware RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte It'll be one of the first. We definitely won't have the luxury of being *too* picky until later in 2018 ganeshts: @SreekrishnanV @krishashok Netgear Orbi. But, for Indian houses with concrete/brick walls - hybrid sys (router + powerline Wi-Fi extenders) Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Trending: App Dev Cloud Data Center Mobile Open Source Security Deep Dives Reviews Resources/White Papers Search infoworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Tech execs' boldest predictions for 2017 and beyond Free cybersecurity tools for all your needs Outlook vs. native apps in Windows, MacOS, iOS, and Android 5 rock-solid Linux distros for developers More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Analytics All Analytics Big Data Business Intelligence Application Development All Application Development Java JavaScript Node.js Careers Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Storage IaaS PaaS SaaS Collaboration Databases All Databases Hadoop NoSQL Datacenters All Datacenters Devops Disaster Recovery Systems Management Hardware Internet of Things Mobile All Mobile Android BYOD Mobile Apps Mobile Development Mobile Management iOS Networking All Networking Internet SDN Wi-Fi Open Source Operating Systems All Operating Systems Linux MacOS Microsoft Windows Windows Server Security Software All Software Browsers Office Software Storage Virtualization See All Technologies News Blogs Reviews Tech Watch Insider articles Newsletters Deep Dives Slideshows Video Resources/White Papers × Close Home Hardware Laptops Samsung upgrades Notebook 9 laptops with Kaby Lake chips Samsung's Notebook 9 laptops are faster, but the battery life of just seven hours disappoints By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Dec 19, 2016 Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Samsung's Notebook 9 laptops get upgraded to Intel's Kaby Lake chips. Credit: Samsung More like this 13-inch MacBook Pro review: Too many trade-offs Intel's new Kaby Lake chips for PC: Here's the company's vision 50-plus jaw-dropping Black Friday 2016 tech deals Video HP’s new Sprout PC has 3D scanning, virtual sketchpad Samsung has upgraded laptops in its Notebook 9 series with Intel's latest Kaby Lake chips, jumping ahead of rivals expected to announce new PCs at CES. The Notebook 9 laptops, which have 13.3- and 15-inch screens, are lightweight laptops with full HD displays. Samsung didn't share specifics of chips in the laptops, which will be unveiled by Intel at January's CES. [ iPad Pro vs. Surface Pro vs. Pixel C vs. Galaxy TabPro S: The "tabtop" tablet/laptop hybrids compared. | Get deep into Windows: Subscribe to the InfoWorld Windows Report newsletter. ] Nonetheless, there are some things you can expect. The new laptops will be faster than older models and also have better graphics. PC makers are measuring a performance improvement of about 5 percent to 15 percent improvement in Kaby Lake performance compared to the predecessor Skylake. Integrated graphics will be able to handle video beyond 1080p resolution. The battery life provided by Notebook 9 models is about 7 hours, which isn't as high as others in its class. The laptops have up to 256GB of storage, 720p webcams and 802.11ac wireless. The 13.3-inch model can have up to 16GB of memory, while the 15-inch model has 8GB of memory soldered on the board. The 13.3-inch Notebook 9 weighs 816 grams, while the 15-inch model weighs 984 grams. That's even lighter than the Dell XPS 13, which weighs about 1.2 kilograms. The port options include two USB 3.0, one USB-C, HDMI and MicroSD. The 15-inch model also has one USB 2.0 port. The laptop pricing wasn't immediately available. Related: Laptops PCs Processors Hardware From CIO: 8 Free Online Courses to Grow Your Tech Skills You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. Most Read 10 reasons you shouldn't upgrade to Windows 10 You may still be better off sticking with Win7 or Win8.1, given the wide range of ongoing Win10... The case against Windows 10 Anniversary Update grows 2 easy steps to speed up Windows 7 Update scans Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews, and analyses on your favorite technology topics. Get our InfoWorld Daily Newsletter: Go Windows 10 upgrade stuck at 99 percent? Here are your options Now that we're down to the wire, many upgraders report that the installer hangs. If this happens to... Microsoft yanks buggy speed-up patch KB 3161608, replaces it with KB 3172605 Microsoft and Intel are in a standoff when it comes to Bluetooth bugs in the Windows Update speed-up... Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored The Power of Smarter Data Video/Webcast Sponsored Amazon Web Services Provides Guidance on How to Take Control of Your Cloud-Based Infrastructure and Applications Video/Webcast Sponsored Case Study: How ILG Paints a Picture-Perfect View of Member Experience Video/Webcast Sponsored Customer focused Capture & Case Management in the Cloud eBook Sponsored DevOps and Agile Operations: Insights From the Experts Go Top Stories How to hang on to Windows 7 for the long run Not sold on Windows 10? We have the keys to keeping your Win7 system running the way you like it A lesson from network outages: Redundancy matters Redundancy is important for infrastructure and third-party providers, not just applications and... The top 10 PC technologies and trends to watch in 2017 A bevy of new technologies next year will bring PCs into the era of VR, AI, and 5G The 7 most vexing problems in programming Here be dragons: These gnarly corners of the coding world can be formidable foes, even for seasoned... Sponsored Links InfoWorld Follow us Analytics Application Development Careers Cloud Computing Collaboration Databases Datacenters Hardware Internet of Things Mobile Networking Open Source Operating Systems Security Software Storage Virtualization News Blogs Reviews Insider Resources Newsletters About Us Contact Privacy Policy Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
null
BIoT CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Ridiculously small Linux build lands with ridiculously few swears Russian 'grid attack' turns out to be a damp squib Top Secret -cleared SOCOM staff in 11Gb Govt contractor breach Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Flight simulator sets fire to airport Yorkshire council hit with prolonged web outage HPE bucks trend to retain high-end server crown Government calls for ideas on how to splash £400m on fibre Ridiculously small Linux build lands with ridiculously few swears Folders return to Windows 10's Start Thing A vintage year for snoopers and big state-ists Twas the week before Xmas ... not a creature was stirring – except Microsoft admitting its Windows 10 upgrade pop-up went 'too far' Russian 'grid attack' turns out to be a damp squib Top Secret -cleared SOCOM staff in 11Gb Govt contractor breach Obama expels 35 Russian spies over election hacking Trio charged with $4m insider trading by hacking merger lawyers IT ops doesn't matter. Really? HPE: We're 'opening floodgates' for Synergy orders... a year after launch The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study ClusterHQ? More like Clusterfscked: Cluster bombs, says it came to market too early Windows 10 nags, Dirty Cow, Microsoft's Linux man love: The Reg's big ones for 2016 Check your privilege: CoreOS's container tech rkt gets priv-escalation defense on Intel chips Docker opens up crucial container plumbing code cunningly disguised as 'boring infrastructure' Policy The Channel Barcodes stamped on breast implants and medical equipment Qualcomm faces $853m fine for alleged antitrust violation How Google.org stole the Christmas Spirit Christmas Eve ERP migration derailed by silly spreadsheet sort El Reg just saved your Wikipedia Xmas US cops seek Amazon Echo data for murder inquiry Spotty battery life costs Apple's MacBook Pro its gold-star rating Tesla set to up prices by 5% in new year because of 'currency fluctuations' SPB Geek's Guide Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad 2016 just got a tiny bit longer. Gee, thanks, time lords Chinese boffins: We're testing an 'impossible' EM Drive IN SPAAAACE NASA explains how 'Spiders' grow on Mars Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things ‘Artificial Intelligence’ was the Fake News of 2016 2016: The Rise of the Intelligent (cloud) Machines Meet the Internet of big, lethal Things Uber's self-driving cars get kicked out of SF, seek refuge in Arizona Verity Stob Amazon files patent for 'Death Star' flying warehouse The Life and Times of Lester Haines What gifts did ol' kitten heels May get this year? How Rogue One's Imperial stormtroopers SAVED Star Wars and restored order More like this Kinetic Data Center Storage Name's BOND, JBOND: Igneous's ARM strap-on is for your drives only GoldenDrive, The Spy Who Defragged Me, Die Another Bay... we could go on License to SIGKILL ... 007, that's a USB drive, not a storage array 21 Dec 2016 at 07:59, Chris Mellor Analysis You wait for a bus for ages, and then two come along at once. Two data-transfer buses. Something like that. Both OpenIO and Igneous have launched plug-on ARM server cards for storage drives: these single-board computers each snap onto a hard drive to form nano-servers that are organized into a grid of object storage nodes. Igneous’s CEO Kiran Bhageshpur cryptically declares that “we have only half-announced the Igneous Data Service,” and leaves us humble hacks wondering what he is on about. El Reg covered Igneous when it launched its service in October. There were two parts to Igneous’ concept: a subscription service to a managed on-premises storage array presented like a public cloud S3 API-accessed storage service; and the actual technology, with two 1U stateless x86 dataRouters (aka controllers) fronting a 4U dataBox containing 60 nano-servers (ARM server + 1Gbit/s Ethernet port + 3.5-inch disk drive). Igneous was founded in 2013, with lots of Isilon experience in its seven founders’ backgrounds. It gained $3.1 million in seed funding that year, and received $23.6 million in an A-round in 2014. Two years later, it has announced initial hardware and software product availability. At the Silicon Valley briefing, we had a chance to find out more about this object storage box. We’ll concentrate on the technology here and why it was developed the way it has been, rather than on the cloud-focussed subscription service. Igenous CEO and cofounder Kiran Bhageshpur The hardware The dataBox is a JBOND (just a bunch of networked drives), and Igneous says: “Each nano-server has its own ARM-based processor, memory, disk controller, redundant Ethernet controllers, and boot flash. In essence, every drive itself is a server that talks IPv6 over Ethernet. Nano-servers can simply fail in place.” Each strap-on board has a 32-bit ARMv7 1GHz dual-ARM-Cortex-A9-core Marvell Armada 370 system-on-chip that includes two 1Gbps Ethernet ports and can talk SATA to the direct-attached 3.5-inch disk drive. That processor gives the card enough compute power to run Linux right up against the storage. The JBOND has 212TB usable from 60 x 6TB drives organized in 2 x (20 + 8) erasure coded drive sets. The dataRouter, an original design manufacture from Intel, is responsible for the management and remote control of an Igneous deployment. Two dataRouters are preferable for high availability, and dataRouter and dataBox scale independently. Igneous suggests that, with 4 dataBoxes (848TB), 3 x dataRouters are generally deployed and recommended, still offering an N+1 redundancy. For scale ... Igneous nanoserver with drive and system board separated and then plugged in Bhageshpur talked about data-centric computing with IoT, sensor, and media data growing in scale. He said on-premises data storage was needed because certain kinds of data had to be stored securely, meaning behind a customer’s firewall. The use of nano-servers restricts the failure domain size to the individual disk drive, with drives able to fail in place, and he asserted that giving each drive its own ARM server and Ethernet port meant there were no bottlenecks in the system. He discussed Seagate’s Kinetic drives, saying Seagate did not let you run code on the Kinetic drives, and these drives have never been put into production. A failed startup called Coraid had Ethernet-addressed storage, using the AoE protocol, but Coraid was too early and failed. Igneous software The software stack running in the Igneous hardware provides patented Reed-Solomon-based erasure coding. Nano-servers’ interactions are coordinated by software running in the dataRouter and in the Igneous cloud. The dataBox implements a fully-distributed, key:value store, and performance can be up to 650MB/s for large sequential GETs and PUTs with concurrent streams. The goal is to be as performant as S3 from an overall capacity point of view. Youtube Video It is extensible to search and other (micro) services, cloud native services, with Bhageshpur mentioning data inspection, indexing, transforming and reducing as potential services. For example, data could be searched for based on metadata created by applications instead of only the storage attributes created by a filer. Check out this video for more insight into this. We're reminded of Coho Data and its technology enabling storage-related services to run directly in its array. That product does not, though, use Ethernet-addressed drives. Services CTO Jeff Hughes talks about classifying images in machine learning in the video. For example, when image data is written (on PUT) it could also be classified. Hughes says it’s like bring cloud functions/services like Amazon’s Lambda directly into a customer’s data center. He also says Igneous has made it possible to run containerized data services directly inline with data operations without impacting latency. Target applications would involve datasets generated by machines, with a need for low latency and high throughput. He said initial use-cases could be auto-tagging, metadata extraction, image processing, and text analysis. Bhageshpur told us: “We will offer services leveraging our architecture in the future,” and that the architecture allows them to add more compute and SSDs. He said Igneous will build services, as will partners and customers – but not write code to run on the nano-servers directly. The Igneous system is a black box that runs S3 services. We asked about HDFS support. The answer was “not today.” When pressed, he said: “At present, the Igneous appliance supports object storage via the use of Amazon’s S3 API. It also supports FTP for data migration. We will support other protocols as we go forward. Azure store maybe.” We imagine partners could add protocol converters to the dataRouters, which are x86 Linux systems. Bhageshpur’s backing VCs and customers get much more information about these promised Igneous data services, but only under a non-disclosure agreement, which we weren’t offered, of course. That left us frustrated, and scrabbling to try and imagine what the heck was sexy enough about these coming services to unlock VC and customer wallets. We can’t get that excited about the system because we simply don’t know enough about it. Getting back to the mundane, Igneous has white papers covering Igneous system use by Arq and Commvault for backup, CloudBerry and Cyberduck, infinite IO, s3cmd and Storage Made Easy. Igneous’ pricing for the minimum 212TB usable configuration is less than $40,000/year for 212TiB increments, which equates to less than $200/TB/year or around 1.5 cents per GB per month. Put another way, 1$/year gets you 5.3GB of usable capacity, or 1 usable TB costs $188 per year. ® Sponsored: DevOps and continuous delivery Tips and corrections 13 Comments More from The Register OpenIO pulls up ARM controller SOCs: Kinetic's Marvellous... can anybody do it? Comment Lucky for software-slingers, they can 10 Comments Seagate – or rather, its Kinetic Ethernet drives – have seen the light Hard disk biz mulls optical interconnects for key-value storage gear Seagate's Kinetic drives: They're moving... but in what direction? Comment Object storage nerds – it's time to have your say 8 Comments No Kinetic energy at DataDirect Networks: Ethernet drives snubbed No customer interest, we're told 2 Comments Scality reinvents the RING, adds extra Amazon S3 polish Software-flinger improves security, integration with v6.4 Seagate and pals form key-value hard-drive Kinetic gang Kinetic Open Storage Project is not the OpenKinect Project Whitepapers Overcoming the Obstacles to the All Flash Datacenter The top 6 challenges that can slow your adoption of all flash technology, and show you how to overcome them. Your top 5 cloud Data challenges solved The cloud s changing everything, Its transforming IT orgnisations with agility and efficiency like never before, enabling them to realise new IT as a service delivery models. Content management and collaboration platform for apps With Box Platform, businesses can add secure content management and collaboration to applications without having to build and maintain their own content infrastructure. The business value of Red Hat cloudforms Red Hat CloudForms offers customers a unified vendor-agnostic platform for automating self-service provisioning and workload life-cycle management across hybrid multivendor virtualised, private cloud, public cloud, and container-based environments Most read Folders return to Windows 10's Start Thing The Life and Times of Lester Haines Amazon files patent for 'Death Star' flying warehouse Trio charged with $4m insider trading by hacking merger lawyers Barcodes stamped on breast implants and medical equipment Spotlight Turns out there's a market for marijuana... plants' video surveillance Sphere 3D has had two offers to buy parts of its business It's a ratchet: Old storage guard face incoming tech squeeze Shrinkage!? But it's sooo big! More data won't leave storage biz proud So. A new tech upstart wants 'feedback'. Um, maybe it actually does Well, FC-NVMe. Did this lightning-fast protocol just get faster? Double-DIMMed XPoint wastes sockets I'm not having a VMware moment – there's just something in my eye Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Serving Central Oregon since 1903 Monday, January 2, 2017 Subscriber Sign In Manage Account Subscribe Toggle navigation Local/State Business Real Estate Sports High School Ducks Beavers Golf Community Sports Outdoors Lifestyle Restaurants Drinks Food Home & Garden Family Milestones Travel Outdoors Cook Like a Chef Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Endorsements Submission Policies Health Pulse Magazine Entertainment Events Music Movies GO! Arts Restaurants Drinks Books TV Obits Jobs MORE Nation Outdoors Events Classifieds Webcams Special Publications BendHomes.com Subscribe Digital Newsstand Slideshows Submit a photo Reader Comments Home Local/State Business Sports Lifestyle Entertainment Obits Jobs Events Classifieds Webcams BendHomes.com Slideshows Submit a photo Movies GO! Restaurants Education Environment Bend Deschutes County Politics OSU-Cascades Marijuana Home Local / State Incentive programs for businesses are the latest to receive scrutiny print Share | e-mail Facebook Tweet StumbleUpon Google Oregon news: state agency audits Incentive programs for businesses are the latest to receive scrutiny By Saul Hubbard / The (Eugene) Register-Guard / Published Dec 21, 2016 at 12:02AM EUGENE — Oregon should work to ensure better return on investment and transparency in the $340 million a year in tax breaks and cash incentives it provides to businesses, a new audit from the Secretary of State’s Office concludes. The audit, released Monday, examines Business Oregon, the state’s economic development agency, and the incentives it provides directly to private companies. Those sweeteners — including forgivable and low-interest loans, tax credits, and direct cash assistance — total $72.5 million a year. But the review also examined property tax waivers granted by local governments through state-approved enterprise zones and the Strategic Investment Program. Those add up to $267.5 million a year in waived property taxes throughout Oregon. Technology firm Intel is the biggest recipient with $162.5 million a year in tax breaks from Washington and Multnomah counties. Lane County currently has several enterprise zones, which provide property tax waivers to a wide range of companies. Hynix, which shut its West Eugene plant in 2008, was the county’s largest recipient of property tax breaks: $65 million over 10 years. “It is critical that Business Oregon and other state agencies regularly evaluate and improve their business subsidy programs to make the best use of limited public resources,” Secretary of State Jeanne Atkins said, in a prepared statement. “Taxpayers should expect nothing less.” Generally, the audit found that economic development officials, when they give a business an incentive, aren’t adequately monitoring and reporting the number of jobs the company creates or retains, the wages of those jobs, and the state’s overall return on investment. For example, analyzing 231 direct Business Oregon incentives between 2011 and 2012, the audit found that most went to firms where wages were lower, on average, than those in the surrounding county as a whole. The audit also found that only 30 percent of Business Oregon incentives between 2006 and 2015 went to firms in rural areas, even though urban areas “already have faster employment growth.” Regarding the enterprise zones created by local governments, the audit found that the standard zones appear to be working better than the long-term rural zones, which provide a longer tax break. In 2015, each new job in a long-term rural enterprise zone cost $55,000 in waived property taxes, versus $4,200 per job in standard zones. Data storage centers, which tech giants like Apple, Facebook, and Google have built in Oregon in recent years, have been particularly costly in terms of job creation, the audit found. Data centers’ combination of high investment in equipment — meaning potentially high property taxes — and few workers needed to maintain them, meant that each job they created cost $87,000 to nearly $800,000 in lost property taxes in 2015. The audit also concludes that, despite some recent improvements, there is still a lack of transparency in the different tax breaks and other incentives that the state and local governments provide. For example, some subsidy programs don’t publicly disclose what requirements — like a set number of created jobs or investment in a facility — businesses must comply with in order to receive their incentive. Others don’t provide details on whether a recipient ultimately complied with those requirements or not. 15958701 View next article in Local/State     Get Central Oregon's top headlines delivered to your inbox every morning GO print version Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus This image is copyrighted. To purchase photo click here! Close window 2016: The year in review The Bulletin's top photos of 2016 Pulse Magazine Central Oregon's health and wellness magazine Special coverage: OSU-Cascades opens in Bend Get daily headlines to your inbox GO Connect with The Bulletin Popular Comments Popular stories for Local / State Missing dog found in Bend! Then lost! 12/29/2016 What was to be a heart-warming reunion between a Southern California woman ... more Central Oregon highway deaths spike in December 12/30/2016 For 11 days in December, Central Oregon highways were as deadly as ... more Redmond caterer flunks health department check 01/01/2017 One of the biggest catering companies in Central Oregon has notched one ... more Income continues to divide east and west Bend 12/31/2016 Recently released U.S. Census data show Bend has seen a lot of ... more One-woman organization helps homeless where they are 12/29/2016 Paying the rent may be the best-known challenge faced by low-income Central ... more Recent article comments» View more comments» Comments powered by Disqus The Bulletin Contact Us Staff Directory Advertise with Us Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Connect with The Bulletin Subscriptions New Subscription Vacation Hold Back Copies Share Because You Care Newspapers In Education Subscription Rates General Account Help Our Partners Baker City Herald La Grande Observer Northeast Oregon Classifieds Union Democrat Del Norte Triplicate Curry Coastal Pilot Central Oregon Nickel Bend Homes Northwest Web Press Quick Links Digital Newsstand Special Ad Sections Restaurant Guide Obituaries TV Listings Movie Listings ODOT Web Cams Oregon Lottery Parade Magazine Submit an Event Submit a worship service Photos Submit Photos View Reader Photos View Bulletin Photos Purchase Photos Explore more of Central Oregon with a subscription to The Bulletin. Subscribe © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | webmaster@bendbulletin.com | 541-382-1811 Quick links Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Manage Account ODOT Web Cams Movie Listings Restaurant Guide Submit Photos Submit an Event © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | webmaster@bendbulletin.com | 541-382-1811
null
null
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Happy Holidays! This site relies upon advertisements to continue producing new Linux/open-source content over the past 12+ years. If you wish to continue blocking ads, please consider this holiday joining ad-free Phoronix Premium. Besides an ad-free experience, Phoronix Premium grants access to multi-page articles on a single page and other benefits while still supporting our site. Or if you insist on blocking ads, perhaps consider a holiday tip? Thanks for your support and happy holidays. QEMU 2.8 Released Written by Michael Larabel in Virtualization on 21 December 2016 at 06:12 AM EST. Add A Comment QEMU 2.8 is now available as a significant update to this important piece of the Linux virtualization stack. QEMU 2.8 is set to deliver on a number of ARM improvements, POWER9 CPU support, Extended Interrupt Mode (EIM) support in the Intel IOMMU device, greater CPU support for the x86 code paths, vhost-vsock support in the VirtIO code, support for the VirtIO Crypto device, support for grant copy in Xen, SPICE now supports pure OpenGL rendering when gl=on is set, block improvements, several TCG tiny code generation enhancements, and a wide range of other improvements. More details on the QEMU 2.8.0 changes via the QEMU Wiki. Add A Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Virtualization News RISCVEMU: RISC-V System Emulator, Can Boot Fedora The KVM & Xen Changes For Linux 4.10: Includes Intel GVT Work Bareflank Hypervisor Advances With VMM Isolation, Windows Support Xen Project Hypervisor 4.8 Released QEMU 2.8 Is Coming Next Month With New Features Intel XenGT 2016Q3 Update Adds Windows 10 Guest, Kaby Lake Support Popular News Wine 2.0 Is Looking Like It Will Be A Late January Release Mesa's RADV Vulkan Driver Receives Some Fixes For DOOM Former Valve Developer: Steam Linux Project Was The Hardest The Top BSD News This Year: Ubuntu Atop BSD, FreeBSD 11.0, DragonFly's HAMMER2 Arcan Display Server Working On X.Org / Wayland Compatibility Lineage: Forking CyanogenMod To A New Android Distribution Latest Linux News RadeonSI Patches Boost Deus Ex: MD Performance By ~70% Dawn-CC: Automatically Adding OpenACC/OpenMP Directives To Programs KDE Kirigami UI 2.0 Beta Released: Better Android Integration, QQC2 Focus Linux 4.9/4.10, Solaris Rumors, Graphics Driver News Ended Out 2016 GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Should Tarballs Be On Their Way Out The Door In 2017? Steam's Linux Marketshare Ended Slightly Lower For 2016 Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 Steam's Top Grossing Games Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Featured Articles Happy New Year! That's A Wrap For 2016 With 3,336 New Articles + 248 Reviews/Featured Articles Setting Up A MoCA 2.0 Ethernet-Over-Coax Network, Linux LAN Benchmarks EXT4 / F2FS / Btrfs / XFS On Early Linux 4.10 Kernel NVIDIA CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks For Ending 2016 + cuDNN Caffe AlexNet/Googlenet Running The Intel NUC6i7KYK On Linux With Skylake Iris Pro Graphics Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Holiday Gift Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Tesla's superfast P100D offers tech-heavy luxury for the rich Inside Mercedes' Silicon Valley research center What to expect at CES 2017 Latest in Gear Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 chip is big on photography and VR 2h ago View You only have two weeks left to buy a Tesla with free supercharging  4h ago View 18 Tesla's superfast P100D offers tech-heavy luxury for the rich 4h ago View 25 Inside Mercedes' Silicon Valley research center 6h ago View Image credit: save Save share Taiwan to get first dibs on ASUS' Zenbo home robot It'll be available for ordering on January 1st, starting from about $620. Richard Lai, @richardlai 12.21.16 in Robots Comments 1036 Shares Share Tweet Share Save At Computex, ASUS captured the hearts of many with its cute home robot, Zenbo, with Chairman Jonney Shih hinting at a retail launch before end of this year. Well, he's not too far off in the end. At today's local launch event, the company announced that its Intel-powered bot will be up for grabs in Taiwan on January 1st, albeit in a limited quantity for the first batch. Price-wise it starts from NT$19,900 or about US$620 -- just a tad more than the intended $599 price point -- for the 32GB standard package, and then there's a 128GB model plus self-charging dock for NT$24,900 or about US$780. But the biggest news today is perhaps ASUS' collaboration with Taiwan's National Police Agency, in order to enable emergency video calls with the police via Zenbo. Details are vague at the moment, but we did see a live demo in which a demonstrator pinged the actual call center (which is probably why they only did the demo once). When this feature eventually rolls out, my guess is that this will require a special voice command or gesture for toggling, and maybe the police can even take over Zenbo's control to better assess the situation. Other additions made to the Zenbo's voice-controlled feature list mainly surround local services, including food delivery, taxi or van booking, online shopping, banking, medicine prescription, music streaming, house cleaning, gaming and more, but we'll have to wait and see how far voice commands will take us for these. With kid companionship being one of the big selling points, Shih also unveiled a simple Blockly-based programming suite that will let children as young as five years old use basic logic to automate a Zenbo's movements. As for the even younger kids, they'll also be entertained by simple games and story-telling, which now include an optional subscription featuring Shimajiro the Tiger (aka Eric in Taiwan) -- the 32GB model comes with a one-month free subscription with 19 stories, whereas the 128GB model offers an extra month. As for the basic set of features, Zenbo is able to control your TV plus stream content to it, be remote-controlled to roam around home for surveillance purposes, human fall-detection alert via a ZenWatch 3, and offer remote screen assistance to help those who aren't as tech savvy. All of these go on top of the Zenbo's collision and drop avoidance capabilities thanks to the sensors dotted around its body, as well as its depth camera in its head for facial and object recognition. For those living outside of Taiwan, it'll likely be a while before Zenbo makes its way to other markets, which is just as well since such a product will only learn quicker as its user base grows. Besides, it's much more useful when local services plus speech recognition are properly tuned in each market, so it'll be worth the wait. But of course, you can always fly over to Taiwan to pick up a Zenbo -- just make sure you have an extra plane ticket for the little guy. In this article: asus, blockly, gear, robot, robots, taiwan, video, zenbo By Richard Lai @richardlai Richard's love for gadgets was probably triggered by an electric shock at the age of five while poking his finger into power sockets for no reason. Since then he has managed to destroy a few more desktops and phones until he was sent to England for school. Somehow he ended up in London, where he had the golden opportunity to buy a then senior editor a pint of lager, and here we are. 1036 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 16m 16m ago Snowden document suggests NSA could have proof of Russian hack Looks like the NSA has a history of positively identifying Russian hacks. By S. Buckley,  16m ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in AV What's on TV: 'Always Sunny,' 'Man Seeking Woman' The 74th Golden Globe Awards air Sunday night. By R. Lawler,  1h ago save Save share View 2h 2h ago in Mobile Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 chip is big on photography and VR Say hello to the mobile processor that will define 2017. By J. Fingas,  2h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Personal Computing Steam's 2016 top sellers include 'No Man's Sky' and 'Rocket League' The game hub has also revealed the winners of its first annual awards. By J. Fingas,  3h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago You only have two weeks left to buy a Tesla with free supercharging  Starting on Janauary 15th, new Tesla owners will have to pay to charge their car. By S. Buckley,  4h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: 'Open Source' Robo-Car in '17? NEWS & ANALYSIS: Nokia Hits Apple With Patent Suits NEWS & ANALYSIS: Thinnest Nanowire Self-assembles NEWS & ANALYSIS: SK Hynix to Build Wafer Fab in South Korea NEWS & ANALYSIS: Korea Fines Q'comm Nearly $1B NEWS & ANALYSIS: IoT Ready to Light Up in 2017 News & Analysis TDK in Talks to Buy InvenSense Peter Clarke 12/20/2016 11:30 PM EST Post a comment NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet LONDON--TDK Corp. (Tokyo) is in talks to acquire inertial and microphone MEMS company InvenSense Inc. (San Jose, Calif.) for about $1.1 billion, according to a Reuters report. TDK reportedly offered $12 a share for InvenSense according to Reuters, which referenced unnamed sources. The report added that the companies hope to conclude negotiations by the end of the year. InvenSense announced that it hired a financial advisor to evaluate indications of interest in the company in November (see Could Sony, ST, Intel or China acquire InvenSense? ). InvenSense is a relative newcomer to the MEMS sensor scene but rose quickly to gain design wins with smartphone companies such as Apple and Samsung and to go public in 2011. It competes against Bosch Sensortec and STMicroelectronics in consumer electronics applications. TDK, which started out as a maker of magnetic tape, is a significant supplier of electronic components into smartphones having bought German passive components supplier Epcos AG in 2008. In December 2015 TDK moved to acquire German chip company Micronas for about $200 million and in 2016 agreed to acquire French MEMS manufacturer Tronics Microsystems SA for about €48 million euros ($51 million). Reuters report  www.invensense.com This article was originally published by EE Times Europe.   —Peter Clarke covers business news and analog for EE Times Europe. Email This Print Comment More Related Links Chips Execs See Maturing Industry Global Chip Sales Could Be Flat This Year Europe to Rethink 10/100/20 Chip Project Cray Sets Deep Learning Milestone IBM Scans 10nm Temperature Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] Be the first to post a comment regarding this story. Most Recent Comments                 1/3/2017 2:15:49 AM GeniusEE You guys need to refuse coverage of any gonadless chip announcement that does not include 1K budgetary pricing. With $10,000 FPGA chips at Digikey, not sure if I should care about... 1/3/2017 2:15:49 AM GeniusEE You guys need to refuse coverage of any gonadless chip announcement that does not include 1K budgetary pricing. With $10,000 FPGA chips at Digikey, not sure if I should care about... 1/3/2017 1:58:25 AM GeniusEE "That's an easy one...just shy of 11 bits" 1/3/2017 12:28:30 AM Bert22306 It could be that people idolize, or want to emulate, or wish they could be, whatever they can understand. If you talk to the average "person on the street," it is surprising what... 1/2/2017 9:28:58 PM David Ashton @Crusty...happy new year....if you're looking at new scopes then do bear in mind the experiences of the late Glen Chenier (bless his cotton socks...wish he was still with us): http://www.edn.com/electronics-blogs/test-voices/4435528/The-scope-from-Hell- He... 1/2/2017 9:02:06 PM Kevin Neilson I'd say a supermodel is one who can earn a large income well past normal earning years based on recognition and not on inherent "value".  Gisele Bündchen earned around... 1/2/2017 7:13:24 PM realjjj Supermodel might be a Victoria Secret marketing term at this point in time but not quite sure as i'm not even mildly familiar with that circus. This summer ahead of the Olympics,... 1/2/2017 6:44:36 PM perl_geek Assuming we're dealing with quadcopters here, (Predators being a different proposition altogether), I would expect they're going to be astonishingly noisy in RF. 4 cheap electric... 1/2/2017 6:09:18 PM RadioGraybeard A drone can be anything from an under $500 RC hobby toy to a military UAV with the wingspan of a Boeing 757.  I think the problems of looking for them vary with the size... 1/2/2017 6:07:04 PM Crusty1 Hi David; I am on the look out for an new DSO, my OWON 25MHz DSO is still good, but with the clock speeds that I am using, evan as an amateur, it looks like 100MHz is the order... Navigate to Related Links Chips Execs See Maturing Industry Global Chip Sales Could Be Flat This Year Europe to Rethink 10/100/20 Chip Project Cray Sets Deep Learning Milestone IBM Scans 10nm Temperature Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest January 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "Rosy Resolutions" "Your caption here!" 1 Comment All Cartoons November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus It was a seamless transition from Senior Principal Engineer to Museum Curator. 94 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  47   What Are the Coolest Engineering Gifts?  46   Half-Ton Megaprocessor is Finally Finished  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  36   I Got an Uber-Cool Badge and a Mega-Cool ...  34   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  31   Could Engineers be Accused of Killing Jobs?  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  29   Deep Thoughts Regarding the Bodacious Brain  28   Replacing Tantalum Bypass Capacitors with ...  28   The Time Has Come to Build My Own ...  5   Korea Fines Qcomm Nearly $1B  4   What I Learned as a "Wrapper"  4   Drone Detection: An Interesting RF Challenge  3   Get a Signal's Details  3   TSMC Says 10nm on Track, Countering Reports  3   We're Following the Wrong Celebrities  2   IoT: A New Twist on an Old Idea  1   IoT Ready to Light Up in 2017  1   Thinnest Nanowire Self-assembles  1   'Open Source' Robo-Car in '17? Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Planet Analog Working With Us: About | Contact Us | Media Kits Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2017 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Computing Apple CEO promises fresh Mac hardware, as report shows Apple is ignoring its desktops, macOS Apple CEO promises fresh Mac hardware, as report shows Apple is ignoring its desktops, macOS By Joel Hruska on December 21, 2016 at 7:30 am Comment Apple’s recent MacBook Pro updates and “courageous” iPhone 7 have proven to be controversial, and a recent pair of news items highlights how much pent-up frustration is aimed at the device manufacturer. First, Tim Cook made several posts to an Apple employee bulletin board, detailing Apple’s thinking on thinking on both desktops and the intersection between hardware and software design. Cook writes: The desktop is very strategic for us. It’s unique compared to the notebook because you can pack a lot more performance in a desktop — the largest screens, the most memory and storage, a greater variety of I/O, and fastest performance. So there are many different reasons why desktops are really important, and in some cases critical, to people. The current generation iMac is the best desktop we have ever made and its beautiful Retina 5K display is the best desktop display in the world. Some folks in the media have raised the question about whether we’re committed to desktops. If there’s any doubt about that with our teams, let me be very clear: we have great desktops in our roadmap. Nobody should worry about that… From a strategic point of view, we also focus on things where software, hardware and services all come together and bring out the magic that only Apple can. That’s our secret sauce. It shows up in a lot of different places, and it’s something that we look for in new employees. Apple CEO Tim Cook. A brand new report from Bloomberg offers an interesting counterweight to Cook’s confidence. According to that investigation, Apple has made a number of strategic decisions that took emphasis away from the Mac design teams. The software team has been reorganized, such that a dedicated macOS team no longer exists and most of the software engineers at Apple are iOS first, Mac second. Hardware engineers are now asked to work on multiple projects at once, or to develop multiple versions of a potential product simultaneously. For example, Apple engineers working on the 2016 MacBook update reportedly wanted to add a second USB-C port and Touch ID support, according to the report. Instead, Apple pushed out a slightly iteration of the same platform and a new “rose gold” color. Engineers working on Mac hardware no longer command the same attention from Jony Ive, the report said, and the appetite for leapfrogging the competition with a more daring approach to technology doesn’t always pay dividends — apparently Apple intended to introduce new battery technology with the MacBook Pro, but unspecified problems killed that option. The Bloomberg report concludes on this note: “Mac fans shouldn’t hold their breath for radical new designs in 2017 though. Instead, the company is preparing modest updates: USB-C ports and a new Advanced Micro Devices Inc. graphics processor for the iMac, and minor bumps in processing power for the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro.” Apple’s innovation decline Part of the problem Apple is facing is straightforward: CPUs haven’t really scaled since 2013. I discussed this last August, but it bears repeating. The image below shows the CPUs Apple currently sells in the three-year-old Mac Pro as compared with the most recent chips available from Intel: Each 2013-era chip is contrasted with its 2016 equivalent. Now, the one thing Apple could do is introduce some high core-count chips that weren’t really available in 2013. Back then, the Xeon E5v2 family topped out at 12 cores; modern CPUs in the E5v4 family top out at 22 cores within the same 135W TDP. But that option carries a hefty frequency penalty: The 12-core E5-2697v2 has a base clock of 2.7GHz and a boost clock of 3.5GHz. The 22-core E5-4699v4 has a 2.2GHz base frequency and a 3GHz boost clock. In other words, if your workload is embarrassingly parallel and can easily scale above 12 threads, the E5-4699v4 is a better option. If it doesn’t — or if you can’t afford the $7,000 price tag Intel has hung on the chip — you won’t see benefits. The GPU market is a markedly different story. AMD’s Polaris refresh would be a good fit for the iMac or even potentially lower-end variants of the Mac Pro, while Vega should address the Mac Pro market head-on (and of course, Nvidia has its own lineup of GPUs, should Apple be interested). Either way, the GPUs baked into current Mac systems are quite old. Apple has never put graphics front-and-center, and it failed to follow up on the graphics-centric argument it made for the Mac Pro. Instead of investing in OpenGL or OpenCL (macOS still only supports OCL 1.2, despite OCL 2.0 now being widely available), Apple has doubled-down on Metal, its own custom iOS API that it also backported to macOS. But major companies like Adobe, which do make use of GPU acceleration, have only begun to add Metal support and it’s not fully baked yet. But I don’t think the issues Apple is facing with macOS and its various Mac systems are simply a matter of lackluster hardware cycles. Apple used to present buyers with a very simple argument: “It just works.” Those three words, however inaccurate or accurate you feel they happen to be, captured most of how Apple marketed itself to customers. MacOS was easier to use. The iPhone and iMac were designed to work together. Apple hardware was a consolidated, discrete ecosystem, with fewer choices but better integration of its various components. And while you may not have found this argument particularly appealing, there was truth to it. Apple built routers and peripherals that were designed to interface with its own software and platforms in ways that other companies rarely matched. That argument seems much less potent now than it did in the past. Apple is leaving the peripheral business (apart from dongles, natch) and its clearly not putting the resources into macOS development that it once did. The latest MacBook and MacBook Pro don’t ‘just work’ unless you’ve got a varying number of dongles to hook up. In the event the company does refresh the Mac Pro, everyone who shucked out for Thunderbolt 2 adapters so they could plug non-Thunderbolt peripherals into the system is going to need to buy Thunderbolt 3 adapters for their Thunderbolt 2-to-USB (or what have you) adapters so they can continue to use their hardware. It’s not very Mac-like, when you get right down to it. In fact, it’s precisely the kind of inelegant-but-functional arrangement I associate with PCs. There’s another answer to this issue, though — one that has nothing to do with Tim Cook or Steve Jobs and everything to do with the evolution of the PC and smartphone ecosystems. In retrospect, it’s clear that the iPod, iPhone, and touchscreen interfaces arrived during the last great hurrah of Moore’s Law, at a time when process node scaling and multi-core products were still delivering rapid improvements. The original iPhone in 2007 happened because it became possible for a capacitive touchscreen device to happen. Steve Jobs and Apple still deserve credit for the idea, but the idea only worked because technology had advanced to the point that it could be made to work. Such inflection points are rare — one could argue that we’ve only had a handful throughout the entire history of computing. The first computers relied on a non-realtime batch interface, followed by command-line interfaces that incorporated video terminals and keyboards. The addition of the mouse and GUI are significant enough to deserve their own separate classification, followed by the rise of capacitive touchscreens since 2007. In 72 years (1945 – 2016) we’ve had four of these transitions, and Steve Jobs’ career happened to fall at a time when he could make significant contributions to both. In the end, it scarcely matters. However loyal Apple customers may be in the short term, they’ll inevitably leave the platform if Tim Cook doesn’t give them reason to stay. 2016 was a distinct let-down in this regard, and 2017 isn’t looking much better if the Bloomberg report is right. Tagged In apple intel Polaris mac Macbook imac mac pro tim cook macintosh dongles Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Why iPhone production isn’t coming to the United States Dec 30 Five reasons you should buy a car right now Dec 30 ET deals: Dell Inspiron 15 5000 15.6-inch laptop for $549 Dec 30 The year in space: Supernovas, gravitational waves, theoretical planets, and Hammer pants Dec 30 FBI, DHS release report on Russian hacking as administration-ordered sanctions take effect Dec 30 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
Politics | Arts & Entertainment | Style & Design | Business & Technology | Search for: Submit Observer Politics National New York New Jersey International Editorials Arts & Entertainment Art Movies Music Performing Arts TV Style & Design Fashion Food & Drink Health & Wellness Home Design Real Estate Travel Business & Technology Deals Innovators Internet Culture Media Startups Subscribe to Newsletters Analog v. Digital How Much Did Wacom’s MobileStudio Pro Impress This Traditional Cartoonist? He called himself a "Luddite" from the start By Brady Dale • 12/21/16 8:11am Indy comic artist Evan Dahm doesn’t seem so sure. Brady Dale for Observer There is a fierce divide in the comics community between people who draw using pencil and paper and people who use different kinds of tablets to make artwork that doesn’t touch a piece of paper until someone prints it out. These days, basically everyone uses some level of computer retouching in their drawing process, but there are still many purists who insist on doing the lion’s share of their drawing using pencil, ink and paper. Some only do their basic line work in ink and then add heavy blacks, colors and shading later in Photoshop, but there are still artists who go so far as to do their coloring by hand. So, when Wacom asked us to have a look at the latest version of the company’s MobileStudio Pro, we invited comic artist Evan Dahm to join us in checking out the new device. Dahm publishes all of his work for free as webcomics, but the self-described “Luddite” draws the strips by hand and insists his comics have always been intended to be seen as printed books. Dahm just announced a book deal with First Second to make Island Book, about a young girl in search of a monster. It marks the first time Dahm will let someone else publish one of his stories. We previously covered Box Brown’s cartoon history of the game Tetris, from the same imprint of Macmillan Publishers. Wacom MobileStudio Pro Courtesy of Wacom We met up with Dahm and the Wacom team at a Think Coffee near Washington Square Park. We turned the tablet over to Dahm while we discussed the device itself with the company’s Douglas Little.. The MobileStudio is distinct from Wacom’s more longstanding line of pen displays, the Cintiq. A Cintiq is an interactive display. Like a computer screen, it lets the user actually see an image made by the computer. It’s an interactive display so that the artist can draw on the screen and see their lines right in front of them. Cintiqs need a computer to work, however. The MobileStudio does not need another computer (though it can be used that way). It is a whole computer, running Windows 10. The lightest device currently available in the Wacom store has a 13″ display, with an Intel Core i7 processor, 512 GB of storage and 64 GB of RAM. It costs $2,499.95. The new device has dramatically increased its accuracy and sensitivity, according to Little. It has enough power to run any of the graphics software that artists might favor. One of its most interesting features is a 3D camera, allowing creators to capture real objects and use them as the basis for three-dimensional designs, whether that’s for making objects in digital forms, architectural elements or manufacturing designs. Evan Dahm doodles up a sort of head. See the space between the line and the tip of the pen? Little highlighted how the device has updated what Wacom refers to as “optical bonding.” When creators use a Cintiq or a MobileStudio, the tip of the stylus touches a different place than where the line appears because there is a gap between the glass users touch and the LCD. This difference is visible from the perspective of the drawing above, but the gap doesn’t look nearly so stark from the perspective of the person holding the pen. Dahm said that he’d been bothered by that gap when trying out Cintiqs in the past, but “I do not see that here,” he told us. “It does have the feel like you are actually on the paper,” Dahm said. Wacom pens can track much more than where the pen touches the tablet. “Our pens record X and Y axis, pressure, rotation and tilt,” Little explained. These allow artists to create different effects. Imagine, for example, a brush tool that makes concentrated color at the center but fades out at the edges. Tracking rotation allows the artist to make swirling effects with their line. SEE ALSO: Webcomic artists’ strategies have changed with the internet. As we were discussing the pen’s interaction with the screen, Dahm discovered that he could move the page with his figners, spin it around and zoom in and out. “I love that you can use your hands on it,” he said. Little added that it often takes artists a few days of work to become familiar with how to make the software do what they want, “but that’s when you hit a wall and say, ‘This is really cool,'” he said. Dahm made the test drawings seen to the left. He tried different tools and made objects or creatures that the tools suggested. You can see everything from scribbles, to figures, to structures to ambiguous experiments with volume. Evan Dahm’s creations with the MobileStudio Pro. The simple figure in the top center with a halo is Dahm’s character Rice Boy. Evan Dahm Still, Dahm said he still prefers the messiness of paper. The random, emergent effects that can be created by a real pen’s interaction with a material that is, at a microscopic level, lots of tiny fibers. “In order to introduce that messiness” into an all-digital process, Dahm said, “it’s another step.” One of the devices selling points, from the Wacom’s perspective, was that an artist cannot really make a mistake. Everything is completely fixable. Dahm seemed to feel that the mistakes themselves are part of his process. As a full time cartoonist, he completes about two pages per week, working from his home office in Brooklyn. While he usually has a couple projects going at the same time, he’s halfway through his third book of his four volume storyline, Vattu. He gives away his comics for free online. “I would have no audience if I didn’t do that,” he told us. Though just under 300 fans support his work on Patreon, he makes his living primarily off of book sales. “The book is the ultimate format and the way I am most proud of presenting the story,” he said. Dahm makes epic comics. His first graphic novel, Rice Boy, ran to 460 pages. That’s a lot of scanning. Dahm doesn’t use a large format scanner, either, so he has to scan each page in parts and stitch them back together in Photoshop, but he says he has those chores so ingrained into his process at this point that he hardly notices it. He does his coloring digitally, but even after trying out Wacom’s latest version with the improved paper simulation, Dahm can’t see himself switching to an all digital process. “I would have to change how I think too much,” he said. Up NextThe Fox News Food Stamp Outrage? Yeah, There’s A Movie About That Article continues below More from Culture The Fox News Food Stamp Outrage? Yeah, There’s A Movie About That Up NextThe Fox News Food Stamp Outrage? Yeah, There’s A Movie About That Observer About Newsletters Advertise Contact Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 21, 2016December 21, 2016 by Monika Donimirska HyperX Announces Sponsorship of LIRIK, World’s #1 Twitch Streamer FOUNTAIN VALLEY, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Underscoring its commitment to the eSports community, HyperX®, a division of Kingston® Technology Company, Inc., today announced the signing of LIRIK, a top live-streaming Twitch Partner. LIRIK streams (https://www.twitch.tv/lirik) six days a week to a loyal fan base of over 1.5 million subscribers, and under the new sponsorship LIRIK will use HyperX keyboards and mousepads for live gameplay and industry events and tournaments. HyperX will also be creating a first ever co-branded mousepad with LIRIK, allowing fans to support their favorite streamer while gaming with a precise and comfortable surface. Since his start in 2011, LIRIK found his fame streaming World of Warcraft and DayZ and his channel grew exponentially to a current daily average of 10,000 – 30,000 viewers per stream. A streamer for the people, LIRIK encourages fans to choose the games he will play and has attempted multiple 24 hour livestreams. In the future, LIRIK’s livestreams will integrate HyperX gear to support his gameplay performance. “Working with HyperX is a natural extension for my gameplay, and I’m thrilled to be using HyperX’s new ALLOY FPS keyboard for all my gaming needs,” said LIRIK. “HyperX is known for quality products and creating authentic gaming experiences. I’m looking forward to doing big things with HyperX for the growing gaming community.” LIRIK’s first activity with HyperX will be the “HyperX New Year’s Stream,” a social streaming event hosted by Dick Clark Productions at the Marriott Marquis, overlooking New York City’s iconic Times Square. Joined by Cloud Nine’s n0thing and NRG’s Seagull, the HyperX New Year’s Stream will combine a traditional Twitch experience with incredible atmosphere, giveaways, promotions, and festive views of the city. The event will stream live on HyperX’s Twitch channel (https://www.twitch.tv/hyperx), beginning at 8 p.m. EST through 1 a.m. EST. HyperX is an avid supporter of eSports and the gaming community, developing products designed specifically for FPS genres – including the HyperX Cloud Revolver headset, which delivers a studio-grade sound stage that enables gamers to directionally target the enemy, enhanced comfort and superior quality. The new HyperX ALLOY FPS Mechanical Gaming Keyboard is the official keyboard of Intel Extreme Masters and used in the Intel Showcase across all Season 11 gaming events. Additionally, ALLOY FPS is the recommended keyboard of top gaming organizations such as NaVi Gaming, Echo Fox and Hell Raisers. About HyperX HyperX is the high-performance product division of Kingston Technology encompassing high-speed DDR4 and DDR3 memory, SSDs, USB Flash drives, headsets and mouse pads. Targeted at gamers, overclockers and enthusiasts, HyperX is known throughout the world for quality, performance and innovation. HyperX is committed to eSports as it sponsors over 30 teams globally and is the main sponsor of Intel Extreme Masters. HyperX can be found at shows across the globe including Brasil Game Show, China Joy, DreamHack, ESL One and PAX. For more information visit the HyperX home page. HyperX® is a division of Kingston Technology Company, Inc., the world’s largest independent memory manufacturer. Established in 2002, HyperX is headquartered in Fountain Valley, California, USA. For more information, please call 800-337-8410 or visit www.hyperxgaming.com or connect with HyperX on social channels including: YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/hyperx; Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/hyperxcommunity; Twitter: http://twitter.com/hyperx; Instagram: https://instagram.com/hyperx/; LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/hyperx; and Google+: https://plus.google.com/+hyperx/videos. Editor’s Note: For additional information, evaluation units or executive interviews, please contact Mark Tekunoff, Kingston Technology Company, Inc. 17600 Newhope Street, Fountain Valley, CA USA 92708, 714-438-2791 (Voice). Press images can be found in Kingston’s press room here. Kingston, the Kingston logo and HyperX are registered trademarks of Kingston Technology Corporation. All rights reserved. All other marks may be the property of their respective titleholders. CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious City of Palo Alto Adds 60 Megawatts of Solar to Its Renewable Energy Portfolio; Solar Power Now Supplies One-Third of City’s Electric Needs Next PostNext Finish Line Reports Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Results Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts World Patent Ratings Issues First Round of 2017 Intangible Asset Valuation Reports For Internet Software and Service Providers January 3, 2017 Satellites can improve regional air quality forecasting January 3, 2017 Satellite images reveal ocean acidification from space January 3, 2017 Space debris from satellite explosion increases collision risk for space craft January 3, 2017 Asteroid research benefits from Gaia satellite mission January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,238.83 -10.43 (-0.46%) Dow 30 19,762.60 -57.18 (-0.29%) What tech titans should say to Trump — and vice versa Rob Pegoraro Contributing Editor Yahoo FinanceDecember 14, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What could be one of the more awkward sit-downs in recent US political history takes place in New York Wednesday afternoon: President-elect Donald Trump has invited the chief executives of some of America’s foremost tech companies to talk shop. While none of these tech executives signed any #NeverTrump pledges, they also made no move to endorse him during the campaign and some expressed distinct unease over Trump’s views. That could lead to some edgy moments — so could the real policy differences between Trump and these tech leaders. What they should say to Trump View photos Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos. REUTERS/Brendan McDermidMore The cast of characters includes Alphabet, Inc., (GOOG, GOOGL) CEO Larry Page and Chairman Eric Schmidt, Amazon (AMZN) founder Jeff Bezos, Apple (AAPL) CEO Tim Cook, Cisco (CSCO) CEO Chuck Robbins, Facebook (FB) COO Sheryl Sandberg, IBM (IBM) CEO Ginni Rometty, Intel (INTC) CEO Brian Krzanich, Microsoft (MSFT) CEO Satya Nadella, Oracle (ORCL) CEO Safra Catz and Tesla (TSLA) and SpaceX founder Elon Musk. With no detailed agenda set beyond a broad focus on jobs—and with few concrete tech-policy goals announced by Trump—the summit attendees might as well start by telling Trump to his face why they still oppose some of the tech-related stances he took during the campaign. No, Mr. President-Elect, they should say: You can’t order parts of the internet closed up when it was designed to route around such interruptions. No, you can’t demand that tech companies ship secure encryption that also supports back-door access to law-enforcement authorities. These C-suite types could soften the last blow by noting that Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton waffled quite a bit about encryption, giving Trump a chance to look decisive on the issue now. They should offer their assistance with cybersecurity in general. The recent history of hacks into both government and political organizations—some of which the CIA now thinks were done by the Russian government to hurt Trump’s opponent Hillary Clinton— shows the public sector needs the help. At the same time, the tech execs ought to take the opportunity to say they will not help the government build any registries of religious or ethnic minorities—a task that some of their employees have already pledged to resist. But I fear they won’t: When The Intercept asked Apple, Facebook, Google, IBM, Twitter (TWTR), and government contractors Booz Allen Hamilton, CGI and SRA International if they would refuse to develop a registry of Muslims, only Twitter said no. (The others didn’t respond or declined to comment on the issue.) And Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey has yet to be reported to be on the guest list for this get-together. Dorsey would also be the best person to tell Trump directly that sharing conspiracy theories and punching down on his favorite social network have consequences. What Trump should say to them View photos Donald Trump. AP Photo/Evan VucciMore By most accounts, Trump wants to spend this afternoon talking about creating jobs. That’s a discussion we need—the tech industry has both created and destroyed jobs in vast numbers, and the numbers haven’t balanced out evenly in many cities and states across the US. Trump not only can cut executives off when they start warbling on about “disruption” as a good in its own right, but he’d also probably enjoy it. Read More And after months of campaigning against shipping jobs overseas, Trump also has the standing to ask when the last time any of these companies didn’t have outsourcing manufacturing as a default setting. (Yes, Trump’s own businesses have done the same thing, but an inconsistency between his words and deeds hasn’t quieted Trump before; he might as well make the most of it.) Amazon’s Bezos may get some particularly direct questioning, and not just because he owns The Washington Post. Amazon initiatives like the no-cashiers Amazon Go retail prototype and Prime Air drone delivery of packages suggest a particularly intense focus on getting human labor out of the loop. Tech executives do have good stories to tell about generating employment and what the government can do help. For instance, IBM’s Rometty wrote in a USA Today op-ed that she will urge Trump to put more government funding into retraining workers for the skilled jobs her company has trouble filling. Given Trump’s habit of denouncing environmental regulations, the jobs part of the discussion looks to be their best shot to talk up the green-energy opportunities they’ve created by trying to drive data-center costs as low as possible. The role of independent workers who find customers on platforms like Uber and Airbnb got too little attention during the campaign, but Trump would do well to ask what regulations hinder or help the “gig economy.” Inconveniently enough, Uber’s Travis Kalanick and Airbnb’s Brian Chesky are both overseas this week. But Kalanick will begin advising Trump, the Washington Post’s Brian Fung reported. Other concerns: copyrights, patents, taxes We know Trump resents Chinese copying of intellectual property, so it’s a safe bet he’ll ask these tech executives what they’d like to see done about companies overseas violating US copyrights and patents to sell copycat products. I hope Trump’s guests remind him of the corrosive role played inside the US by a different sort of intellectual-property theft: “patent trolls” who threaten businesses and even their customers with litigation over generic patents that shouldn’t have been issued in the first place. Finally, Trump can take on the increasingly elaborate accounting games Big Tech plays to stash income overseas in a way that few other politicians could. Today’s his chance to say: “Look, we all try to chisel away at our tax bills—but you make me look like an amateur. Let’s cut out the BS here.” That would be a welcome departure from business as usual. But it might not happen. None of what I’ve suggested may happen. With Trump, it remains difficult to know what he’s going to say until he opens his mouth. Email Rob at rob@robpegoraro.com; follow him on Twitter at @robpegoraro. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next No N. Korea missile will be capable of reaching US: Trump AFP Joe Scarborough launches into furious, days-long tweetstorm after reporter suggests he 'partied' with Trump Business Insider Is Donald Trump Going to Take Away Your Gun? -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Rosie O'Donnell Slams Donald Trump On Twitter International Business Times Hillary Clinton Is Not Done Making History Yet The Daily Beast CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things BGR News Warren Buffett predicted the fall of Eddie Lampert and Sears over 10 years ago Business Insider Lawsuit: Dude ranch owner asked chef for 'black people food' Associated Press U.S. Intelligence Got the Wrong Cyber Bear Bloomberg Wake up on time or face the consequences Yahoo Finance Video Samsung's new washing machine will save you time and aggravation Yahoo Finance Dishwasher of famed Carnegie Deli makes bid to become the owner CNBC Here's how much surgeons, lawyers, and 18 other top-earning professionals make per hour Business Insider Natural Gas Storage Dives Under 5-Yr Average on Big Draw Zacks Puerto Rico's new gov promises immediate push for statehood Associated Press 2017: A Challenging Year for Emerging Market Credit? Bloomberg Video Trump presidency puts California Legislature in defense mode Jay: "providing health coverage to immigrants" ok AP, there is a difference between an "immigrant" and an illegal immigrant. Stop trying to equate the two Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.2k GoPro got smoked in 2016 — here's how it can turn around in 2017 Yahoo Finance Obamacare Repeal Will Test the Definition of ‘Insurance’ The Fiscal Times These 5 industries are hiring more remote job seekers in 2017 CNBC Stocks start 2017 with gains, but many markets stay shut Associated Press In Opinion: How to prepare for a likely recession in 2017 Newsweek A cutting board that can also hold your iPad Yahoo Finance Video What 15 strategists forecast for the S&P 500 in 2017 Yahoo Finance SpaceX Finally Explained What Caused Its Rocket to Explode Fortune Amazon’s Craziest New Business Plan Oilprice.com Samsung Launches Three New Galaxy A Phones Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide) A training tool for boxers Yahoo Finance Video The worst tech moments of 2016 Yahoo Finance TrackR Pixel Will Help You Find Anything for $25 Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide) Sorry, Baby Boomers: You're Never Going to Retire Motley Fool Why VW's new Atlas SUV will work wonders for its US business Business Insider ANZ to Sell Shanghai Rural Stake for $1.3B Bloomberg Video Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand Acer has launched its 2-in-1 convertible, Spin 7 in India Monit Khanna Dec 21, 2016, 06.24 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit AcerImage Credit Acer, the PC maker has unveiled world’s thinnest convertible notebook - “Acer Spin 7” in India. Acer Spin 7 gets 360 degree hinges, for easy convertibility. The device features a 14-inch full-HD IPS panel with a resolution of 1920x1080 pixels. The display comes protected with Corning Gorilla Glass for added protection. The touch screen also gets Acer Color Intelligence software that dynamically adjusts gamma and saturation in real-time, optimizing screen color and brightness. The body of the Spin 7 is covered in a matte black trim with diamond-cut edges around the touchpad, adding to the premium look and feel. Under the hood, the Spin 7 is rocking Intel’s latest 7th Generation Intel Core processors, paired with 8 GB LPDDR3 RAM and 256 GB SSD storage for snappy performance and multitasking. The machine gets a fan-less design and weighs just 1.2 kg. The Spin 7 enables the users to enjoy a long lasting performance up to 8 hours without any battery woes. Acer Spin 7’s cutting-edge audio and video technology with a fast wireless 802.11ac WiFi provides best browsing, entertainment and video calling experience. Coming to the I/O on the Acer Spin 7, the machine comes loaded with dual USB 3.1 Type-C ports which replicate the chaos with the current generation MacBook Air. The Type-C ports also charge the machine. Mr. Chandrahas Panigrahi, Sr. Director and Consumer Business Head, Acer India, said, “We are extremely excited to launch one of our flagship products in India, something that we are really proud of. Considering that Acer has always focused on delivering industry leading innovations, the Spin 7 is a reflection of just that. Our top-of-the-line Spin 7 will allow consumers to enjoy extreme portability without compromising on performance or versatility.” Acer Spin 7 starts at a price point of Rs 1, 09,000, and will be available through authorised retail stores across the country. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: WindowsTabletsSpin 7notebookslaptopsGadgetsAcer Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryAsus will hold its Zennovation event on Jan 4, releases teaser Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author Dell XPS 13 Convertible tipped for CES 2017 Moto X 2017 spotted in renders Samsung to launch its A-series smartphones in January Related stories Acer OneR Windows Hybrid gives 500 GB storage and priced at Rs 19,999 Acer One S1001 vs Notion Ink Cain: Which budget Windows 2-in-1 should you buy? Instagram Is Now Available For Windows 10 PCs And Tablets Free Windows Tablets To The Lucky Passengers Of Virgin Atlantic Asus Makes Transforming Windows Tablets Way Less Chunky A Slimmed Down Windows 10 Will Make Cheap Tablets Suck Way Less Personalized Recommendations Editor's Pick Lenovo Yoga 510 Review: Inconsistent Performer The Magic of George Michael: Bringing the “Faith” over a Glorious 30-Year Music Career OnePlus 3T review: Still the best damn phone for less than Rs 30,000 Nucleya Adds His Signature Bass To Papon’s Bihu in The Dewarists’ Latest Music Collaboration Confused between OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T? Read this Super Mario Run: My first 20 minutes! Hot Right Now CyanogenMod reborn, download Lineage OS right now BSNL has launched Rs 144 unlimited calling plan to take on Reliance Jio Leaks suggest iOS 10.3 incoming with mysterious 'Theater Mode' BHIM app tops Google Play store within 3 days of launch Microsoft to launch Surface Pro 5 tablet soon: Report Google's Gboard keyboard app is now being used on 500 million devices Dell XPS 13 Convertible tipped for CES 2017 Vivo V5 Plus will launch on Jan 23 with dual-selfie cameras Overlook Paytm, PM Modi launches a new ‘BHIM’ mobile app PSA: Android Nougat update has arrived for the OnePlus 3T and the OnePlus 3 Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social The next Galaxy Note may be a Galaxy S8 Plus instead, leaks suggest Android 7.0 Nougat is rolling out to Moto Z Phones in India Android 7.0 Nougat is rolling out to Moto Z Phones in India OnePlus 3T soft-gold variant goes on sale starting January 5 Overlook Paytm, PM Modi launches a new ‘BHIM’ mobile app AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: The Lloyd Mathias Interview (Part 1) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Lloyd Mathias Interview (Part 2) #AdAgeUnicorns: Lloyd Mathias to Share His Marketing Journey on December 15 #AdAgeUnicorns: The R Balki Interview (Part 2) Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Micromax Canvas Mega 4G Q417 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 7499BUY5.5" Screen, 3GB RAM Lava A97 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black & Gold) ₹ 5300BUY5"Screen, 5MP Camera Asus Zenfone Max ZC550KL - 16GB (Black) ₹ 9199BUY5000 mAh Battery About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Computing Apple CEO promises fresh Mac hardware, as report shows Apple is ignoring its desktops, macOS Apple CEO promises fresh Mac hardware, as report shows Apple is ignoring its desktops, macOS By Joel Hruska on December 21, 2016 at 7:30 am Comment Apple’s recent MacBook Pro updates and “courageous” iPhone 7 have proven to be controversial, and a recent pair of news items highlights how much pent-up frustration is aimed at the device manufacturer. First, Tim Cook made several posts to an Apple employee bulletin board, detailing Apple’s thinking on thinking on both desktops and the intersection between hardware and software design. Cook writes: The desktop is very strategic for us. It’s unique compared to the notebook because you can pack a lot more performance in a desktop — the largest screens, the most memory and storage, a greater variety of I/O, and fastest performance. So there are many different reasons why desktops are really important, and in some cases critical, to people. The current generation iMac is the best desktop we have ever made and its beautiful Retina 5K display is the best desktop display in the world. Some folks in the media have raised the question about whether we’re committed to desktops. If there’s any doubt about that with our teams, let me be very clear: we have great desktops in our roadmap. Nobody should worry about that… From a strategic point of view, we also focus on things where software, hardware and services all come together and bring out the magic that only Apple can. That’s our secret sauce. It shows up in a lot of different places, and it’s something that we look for in new employees. Apple CEO Tim Cook. A brand new report from Bloomberg offers an interesting counterweight to Cook’s confidence. According to that investigation, Apple has made a number of strategic decisions that took emphasis away from the Mac design teams. The software team has been reorganized, such that a dedicated macOS team no longer exists and most of the software engineers at Apple are iOS first, Mac second. Hardware engineers are now asked to work on multiple projects at once, or to develop multiple versions of a potential product simultaneously. For example, Apple engineers working on the 2016 MacBook update reportedly wanted to add a second USB-C port and Touch ID support, according to the report. Instead, Apple pushed out a slightly iteration of the same platform and a new “rose gold” color. Engineers working on Mac hardware no longer command the same attention from Jony Ive, the report said, and the appetite for leapfrogging the competition with a more daring approach to technology doesn’t always pay dividends — apparently Apple intended to introduce new battery technology with the MacBook Pro, but unspecified problems killed that option. The Bloomberg report concludes on this note: “Mac fans shouldn’t hold their breath for radical new designs in 2017 though. Instead, the company is preparing modest updates: USB-C ports and a new Advanced Micro Devices Inc. graphics processor for the iMac, and minor bumps in processing power for the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro.” Apple’s innovation decline Part of the problem Apple is facing is straightforward: CPUs haven’t really scaled since 2013. I discussed this last August, but it bears repeating. The image below shows the CPUs Apple currently sells in the three-year-old Mac Pro as compared with the most recent chips available from Intel: Each 2013-era chip is contrasted with its 2016 equivalent. Now, the one thing Apple could do is introduce some high core-count chips that weren’t really available in 2013. Back then, the Xeon E5v2 family topped out at 12 cores; modern CPUs in the E5v4 family top out at 22 cores within the same 135W TDP. But that option carries a hefty frequency penalty: The 12-core E5-2697v2 has a base clock of 2.7GHz and a boost clock of 3.5GHz. The 22-core E5-4699v4 has a 2.2GHz base frequency and a 3GHz boost clock. In other words, if your workload is embarrassingly parallel and can easily scale above 12 threads, the E5-4699v4 is a better option. If it doesn’t — or if you can’t afford the $7,000 price tag Intel has hung on the chip — you won’t see benefits. The GPU market is a markedly different story. AMD’s Polaris refresh would be a good fit for the iMac or even potentially lower-end variants of the Mac Pro, while Vega should address the Mac Pro market head-on (and of course, Nvidia has its own lineup of GPUs, should Apple be interested). Either way, the GPUs baked into current Mac systems are quite old. Apple has never put graphics front-and-center, and it failed to follow up on the graphics-centric argument it made for the Mac Pro. Instead of investing in OpenGL or OpenCL (macOS still only supports OCL 1.2, despite OCL 2.0 now being widely available), Apple has doubled-down on Metal, its own custom iOS API that it also backported to macOS. But major companies like Adobe, which do make use of GPU acceleration, have only begun to add Metal support and it’s not fully baked yet. But I don’t think the issues Apple is facing with macOS and its various Mac systems are simply a matter of lackluster hardware cycles. Apple used to present buyers with a very simple argument: “It just works.” Those three words, however inaccurate or accurate you feel they happen to be, captured most of how Apple marketed itself to customers. MacOS was easier to use. The iPhone and iMac were designed to work together. Apple hardware was a consolidated, discrete ecosystem, with fewer choices but better integration of its various components. And while you may not have found this argument particularly appealing, there was truth to it. Apple built routers and peripherals that were designed to interface with its own software and platforms in ways that other companies rarely matched. That argument seems much less potent now than it did in the past. Apple is leaving the peripheral business (apart from dongles, natch) and its clearly not putting the resources into macOS development that it once did. The latest MacBook and MacBook Pro don’t ‘just work’ unless you’ve got a varying number of dongles to hook up. In the event the company does refresh the Mac Pro, everyone who shucked out for Thunderbolt 2 adapters so they could plug non-Thunderbolt peripherals into the system is going to need to buy Thunderbolt 3 adapters for their Thunderbolt 2-to-USB (or what have you) adapters so they can continue to use their hardware. It’s not very Mac-like, when you get right down to it. In fact, it’s precisely the kind of inelegant-but-functional arrangement I associate with PCs. There’s another answer to this issue, though — one that has nothing to do with Tim Cook or Steve Jobs and everything to do with the evolution of the PC and smartphone ecosystems. In retrospect, it’s clear that the iPod, iPhone, and touchscreen interfaces arrived during the last great hurrah of Moore’s Law, at a time when process node scaling and multi-core products were still delivering rapid improvements. The original iPhone in 2007 happened because it became possible for a capacitive touchscreen device to happen. Steve Jobs and Apple still deserve credit for the idea, but the idea only worked because technology had advanced to the point that it could be made to work. Such inflection points are rare — one could argue that we’ve only had a handful throughout the entire history of computing. The first computers relied on a non-realtime batch interface, followed by command-line interfaces that incorporated video terminals and keyboards. The addition of the mouse and GUI are significant enough to deserve their own separate classification, followed by the rise of capacitive touchscreens since 2007. In 72 years (1945 – 2016) we’ve had four of these transitions, and Steve Jobs’ career happened to fall at a time when he could make significant contributions to both. In the end, it scarcely matters. However loyal Apple customers may be in the short term, they’ll inevitably leave the platform if Tim Cook doesn’t give them reason to stay. 2016 was a distinct let-down in this regard, and 2017 isn’t looking much better if the Bloomberg report is right. Tagged In apple intel Polaris mac Macbook imac mac pro tim cook macintosh dongles Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Why iPhone production isn’t coming to the United States Dec 30 Five reasons you should buy a car right now Dec 30 ET deals: Dell Inspiron 15 5000 15.6-inch laptop for $549 Dec 30 The year in space: Supernovas, gravitational waves, theoretical planets, and Hammer pants Dec 30 FBI, DHS release report on Russian hacking as administration-ordered sanctions take effect Dec 30 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / 2016: A tipping point for excitement in self-driving cars 2016: A tipping point for excitement in self-driving cars Posted on Wednesday, December 21, 2016 by CNN in Business News If there’s one thing all Americans can actually agree on, it’s that the presidential election was the biggest story of the year. But in the background, self-driving cars started to gain steam. Automakers, tech companies and startups are all racing to develop autonomous technology. Even governments — generally behind the curve on technology — are getting involved. The money, brainpower and time poured into autonomy will likely spur huge changes in how we live. There’s no consensus for when autonomous vehicles will go mainstream, but don’t be surprised if they’re the biggest story of the year before long. 2016 kicked off with GM spending $1 billion to acquire Cruise Automation, a startup developing self-driving technology. In August, Uber spent a reported $680 million on self-driving truck startup Otto, which was only eight months old. This fall brought the second biggest tech acquisition in history — Qualcomm’s $39 billion takeover of NXP Semiconductors. There was a familiar theme behind the news: Qualcomm needed a path into making chips for autonomous vehicles. We saw other examples of the excitement for chips that power self-driving cars. The stock price of NVIDIA, which makes critical hardware for autonomous vehicles, more than tripled during 2016. Industry giant Intel said in November it would invest $250 million in autonomous driving, including developing chips and software to power the cars. The year saw a lot more than money being thrown around, and grand proclamations of an automated future happened nearly every week. Companies also begin to let average people ride in self-driving cars. This fall, Uber began letting customers in Pittsburgh and San Francisco hail a ride in a self-driving Volvo. NuTonomy, a Boston startup, started offering rides in Singapore. The cars operate with test drivers present, so that they can take over the vehicle if it malfunctions. Perhaps the boldest move of all came from Tesla. In October Tesla announced that all of its new vehicles now had the hardware to drive fully autonomously. All that’s left is developing the software. The strategy lets Tesla collect data from its cars, which is then used to train the cars to drive themselves. No one else in the industry is close to offering such a car. It was a year in which storied automakers embraced radically different business models. In May, GM said it would test self-driving taxis with Lyft. And Ford said it would deploy its own self-driving cars in a ride-sharing service in 2021. Google, a company that’s long been at the forefront of autonomous cars, doubled the number of cities it’s testing in to four. In December, it spun off its self-driving car project as Waymo, an independent company under the umbrella of Alphabet, Google’s parent company. Its cars drove over a million miles autonomously in 2016. One big question has been if government regulators will allow self-driving vehicles on roads. The U.S. federal government offered a warm welcome to autonomous cars in September, when it released guidelines for self-driving vehicles. The United Arab Emirates went farther, calling for 25% of residents to use self-driving vehicles by 2030. It’s unclear if the Trump administration will continue to be so receptive to autonomous vehicles, which are expected to imperil many jobs of working class Americans. In California, Uber clashed with the DMV over whether it needs permits to operate self-driving vehicles in the state. The DMV is expected to take legal action against Uber. Of course, Uber could operate without any trouble if it applied for the permits and shared safety data with the government. Despite these hiccups, regulators are largely on board with self-driving technology. But a big question remains — are Americans ready to actually ride in self-driving vehicles? An AAA survey this spring found that three in four Americans are scared to ride in a self-driving car. Programs such as Uber’s, which let customers take a brief ride in a self-driving car, are a way to ease the public into the future. In the coming years, we’ll see just how many of us will actually give up our keys. 2016: The year in supercars Apple AirPods review: Do they actually stay in your ears? Related Posts For gamblers, Brexit was bigger than the Royal baby The cost of pollution in China Hot date: Tinder owner Match ready for its debut Lester Holt’s winning ratings earn applause at NBC Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Countdown to 2017 with HEXUS and ARM [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Laptop System Builders News 5 Dell updates XPS 15 laptop with Kaby Lake CPU and Pascal GPU by Mark Tyson on 21 December 2016, 13:31 Tags: NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Dell (NASDAQ:DELL) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qadcih Add to My Vault: Dell will soon update its sleek XPS 15 laptop. The high performance new Dell XPS 15 9560 laptop will be able to be configured to pack a 15.6-inch Ultra HD 4K screen, an Intel Kaby Lake processor up to and including the Core i7-7700HQ, and discrete graphics courtesy of the Nvidia GTX 1050 GPU. The new laptop was spotted by VideoCardz. Visiting the Dell source page, it looks like the details tech referred to on that site have since been taken down. That is likely because Dell listed them by mistake "as GTX 1050 notebooks are expected to be shown at CES 2017," VideoCardz reminds us. Key specifications of the new Dell XPS 15 9650 are as follows: A 15-inch Ultra HD (3840×2160) screen - lower res screens are likely in the options. An Intel Kaby Lake (7th Gen) CPU, with a choice between the i3-7100HQ, i5-7300HQ, or i7-7700HQ processors. Buyers can configure discrete graphics up to and including a 4GB Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050. As GTX 1050 for mobile PCs hasn't been officially unveiled we don't have any concrete indication of the clock speeds and memory speeds of these GP107 powered components. If you are interested in the kind of performance Dell's new XPS 15 laptop might approach in various scenarios it is probably worth a look over the trio of GTX 1050 reviews published by HEXUS a month or two back. On availability and pricing; Dell should be officially launching this laptop during or shortly after CES 2017. Earlier generation XPS 15 laptops (with discrete Nvidia GTX 960M graphics) are priced between £1,199 and £1,749 depending upon processor, storage, screen, and memory options. Related Reading 8 Asus ROG readying a GTX 1080 laptop that’s less than 17mm thick The slim new GX501 sports a 15.6-inch 4K UHD screen with Nvidia G-Sync support. 3 Microsoft Surface Pro 5 planned for Q1 2017 says report Device will sport UltraHD display and be made by Pegatron Technology. 0 Lenovo announces Windows 10 Signature Kaby Lake laptops Nine new laptops join the ThinkPad T-Series, L-Series, X-Series, and Yoga-Series. Samsung updates its slim and light Notebook 9 line Nvidia is teasing 'something big' for its CES keynote Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to beyond 7GHz Intel seeks to adapt silicon transistors to quantum computing Nintendo Switch GPU speed said to drop drastically if undocked HEXUS Forums :: 5 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by plexabit - Wed 21 Dec 2016 15:54 I was hoping for a 1060 or at least a 1050Ti…No matter, it'll still be very powerful with the 1050. Posted by EvilCycle - Wed 21 Dec 2016 16:10 With an ultra HD screen, that 1050 isn't looking up to snuff very much for gaming, I hope the screens support lower resolutions with decent clarity otherwise you are going to have a choice between playing a slideshow or playing a blurry mess. Posted by LSG501 - Wed 21 Dec 2016 21:21 EvilCycle With an ultra HD screen, that 1050 isn't looking up to snuff very much for gaming, I hope the screens support lower resolutions with decent clarity otherwise you are going to have a choice between playing a slideshow or playing a blurry mess.I doubt playing at 1080p instead of 4k will be that much of an issue on a 15inch screen….it is a direct scaling of the screen so 4 pixels will be seen as 1 pixel in games. Posted by kopite - Thu 22 Dec 2016 09:29 I've been waiting for this to be anounced :D I need a new laptop for Web development and dont really want to have to use an mbp. Spec wise this should fit the bill nicely :D Posted by GoNz0 - Thu 22 Dec 2016 14:19 plexabit I was hoping for a 1060 or at least a 1050Ti…No matter, it'll still be very powerful with the 1050.It isn't capable of cooling the 960 without serious throttling issues so I doubt a 1060 would do anything other than catch fire. MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to beyond 7GHz 9 2 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 3 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 4 Cryptic rumour points to air cooled AMD Ryzen hitting 5GHz 9 5 Taiwanese motherboard makers optimistic about AMD Ryzen 6 1 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 2 Day 13: Win an iiyama G-Master 4K monitor 19 3 Festive greetings from all at HEXUS 19 4 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 5 Day 16: Win a Zotac Zbox and Pimax VR 15 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 Aerocool Targets Gamers and RGB Enthusiasts at CES 2017 2 Samsung introduces the stylish, powerful and practical Galaxy A 3 Experience 10 Years of ZOTAC Design and Engineering Excellence at CES 2017 4 Thecus launches two new Windows Storage Server Rackmount NAS 5 PQI into Fingerprint ID Application Market 6 Samsung to Introduce New Quantum Dot Curved Monitor at CES 2017 INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,944 Forum posts: 2,563,248 Forum threads: 247,030 Currently active users: 299 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
Neowin Login Sign up News Features Forums Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Asus' totally-not-creepy Zenbo home robot launches in Taiwan on January 1, priced from $620 By Andy Weir Senior News Editor Neowin LLC @gcaweir · Dec 21, 2016 with 14 comments Earlier this year, Asus announced Zenbo, its new home companion robot, designed to follow you around your home and interact with you, offering reminders, answering questions, and providing voice controls for media and smart home functions. While Zenbo clearly has a less than human form, Asus has anthropomorphized it to some extent, giving it a friendly - or creepy; YMMV - face on its touchscreen, along with a child-like voice. Today, Asus announced that Zenbo will go on sale in the company's home market of Taiwan on January 1, although stock will be limited at first. The device, which is powered by Intel, will come in two configurations: A standard package with 32GB storage, priced at $19,900 TWD (around $620 USD) A higher-end model with 128GB storage and a self-charging dock, priced at $24,900 TWD (roughly $780 USD) Zenbo offers a wide range of functions, some of which were highlighted at Asus' local launch event today. As Engadget reports, a few had previously been revealed, but there are some new additions too. New voice commands for services such as ordering food, booking a car, online shopping, gaming, and more New child-friendly features, including games and story-telling, along with simple tools to let kids as young as five years old program Zenbo's movements with basic logic Remote assistance and tech support Home surveillance Human fall-detection in conjunction with the Asus ZenWatch 3 Emergency video call functionality, enabling users to quickly contact emergency services, allowing officials to visually assess the situation Asus hasn't yet announced plans to offer Zenbo internationally. For now, if you're not in Taiwan, you can get to know more about Zenbo in the video below: Source: Engadget Tags Asus Zenbo Robot Digital assistant Smart home Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Acer admits defeat, gives up selling smartphones in India Next Story Save 50% off Scrivener for Windows - get it for just $20 Community Activity Refresh Trump will to recognize Crimea to Russia in Real World Issues NetWorx 5.5.4 in Front Page News Rainmeter 4.0.0.2746 in Front Page News Thecus W2810PRO review, a NAS device running Windows Storage Server 2012 R2 Essentials in Front Page News Internet Explorer suffers 55% YoY decline in market share, Google Chrome increases slightly in Front Page News Xbox One S available from $279 today, and two new 'Games with Gold' titles in Front Page News Details of Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 leaked ahead of CES launch in Front Page News Dog mauls husband and wife after they tried to dress 'Scarface' in a sweater in Real World News Related Stories ASUS announces the ZenWatch 3 Sep 1, 2016 ASUS introduces ZenScreen, a thin and light 15.6-inch portable display for your laptop Aug 31, 2016 ASUS ZenFone 3 Deluxe unveiled; is first to sport the new Snapdragon 821 processor Jul 13, 2016 ASUS launches ZenBook Flip UX360CA, a Windows 10 notebook with 'Cortana with Voice-Premium' Jul 7, 2016 · Hot! deals PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $69.00 88% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Wireless Charging Pad for Qi-Enabled Devices $68.00 $18.99 72% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Show Comments 14 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Internet Technology | Computer Electronics | Computer Software | Publishing & Information Services | Surveys, Polls and Research Asia-Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market to Grow 46% by 2022 - By Technology, Application & Country - Research and Markets Download image DUBLIN, Dec 21, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Asia-Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market (2016 - 2022)" report to their offering. The Asia Pacific artificial intelligence market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 46.9% from 2016 to 2022. Today, big data, that is generated exponentially every hour, becomes a treasurable asset to many organizations. To be competitive in a dynamic data-driven and Web-centric market, most of the high-tech companies such as Google, Apple, Intel, IBM, Microsoft, etc. employ big data analytics (BDA) to mine insights within their big data to drive productivity, effectiveness, and efficiency. On the other hand, artificial intelligence (AI) has grown rapidly from a nascent stage to intermediate one in the last decade. AI is a youthful field in Computer Science in building an autonomous machine that intends to replace humans with daily activities. Robots mimic human behavior and frequently perform dangerous tasks. AI scientists seek to create autonomous machines such as humanoid robots that have the capability of reasoning as human common sense. The report highlights the adoption of Artificial Intelligence market in Asia Pacific region. Based on the Technology, the Artificial Intelligence Market is segmented into Machine learning, Natural language processing, Image processing and Speech recognition market. On the basis of Application, the market is bifurcated into Government & Defense, BFSI, Consumer Goods & Retail, IT & Telecom, Healthcare, Energy & Utilities, Manufacturing, Education, Transportation and Others segment. The market is further geographically segmented into China, Japan, India, South Korea, Singapore, Malaysia and Rest of Asia Pacific market. Companies Mentioned: IPSoft Rocket Fuel Inc. Qlik Technologies Inc. Microstrategy Inc. Brighterion Inc. Microsoft Corporation Google Inc. IBM Corporation 24/7 Customer Inc. Next IT Corporation Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Market Overview 3. Asia Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market - By Technology 4. Asia Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market - By Application 5. Asia Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market - By Country 6. Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/8k7k85/asiapacific Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   SOURCE Research and Markets RELATED LINKS http://www.researchandmarkets.com More by this Source Research and Markets - Global Hypodermic Needles Market 2016-2020 - Key Vendors are BD, Medtronic & Retractable Technologies 23 Dec, 2016, 18:10 GMT North America Managed Security Services Market Report 2016 - Make Way for DDoS Attack Protection - Research and Markets 23 Dec, 2016, 18:10 GMT View all news by Research and Markets Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Internet Technology News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Sponsor Story: Tesla? Just a distraction from the real story 87% of Americans are ignoring this warning… Post to Facebook Tesla? Just a distraction from the real story 87% of Americans are ignoring this warning…  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2if1hka {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Story from Tesla? Just a distraction from the real story Rex Moore, for The Motley Fool 9:05 a.m. EST December 21, 2016 Story provided and presented by Motley Fool Self-driving cars have the potential to be a big market, but this could be even bigger. (Photo: The Motley Fool) You probably heard this: Billionaire Elon Musk just came up with this crazy idea that all his Tesla electric cars will soon be self-driving. Yes, Musk is a genuine genius and I’m a huge believer in where Tesla is steering the entire auto industry. But I have never seen so many people get so excited about a single peach while ignoring the entire orchard. All of the talking heads in the media go on and on about Tesla, but they’re not telling you the really BIG story behind it all. It’s the giant prize that Tesla and hundreds of other companies are chasing. And before you ask, no… it’s not self-driving cars. Self-driving cars could be almost insignificant compared to this new technology. Consider that the global self-driving market is supposed to reach $42 billion by 2025, according to Boston Consulting Group. But the tech I’m talking about? Cisco believes it will be a $19 trillion market before 2025. That’s 452 times bigger than self-driving cars! And as huge as that number is, consulting firm Accenture says 87% of consumers don’t even understand what this technology is. What an opportunity that presents! It’s going to be so big that companies like Cisco and Intel are budgeting billions to be a part of it. Even stodgy old General Electric is impressed… it sees an opportunity bigger than the entire economy of China! But again, 87% of consumers don’t yet understand what it is. 7 out of 8 people you see walking down the street have never even heard of it. And we believe that presents a huge opportunity for us individual investors, especially if we get in before the crowd. But that crowd may be just around the corner… I’ve already seen this technology being pitched on ABC’s Shark Tank show, and one of the investors on there went gung-ho for it by making one of the biggest investments in the show’s history. So, the masses will soon be catching on as this tech gets more and more popular. And I suspect when they do, they’ll be focusing on obvious names… like Cisco and Intel… as they look for their share of the pie. But, one renegade investor in Virginia is quietly recommending shares in a few not-so-obvious under-the-radar companies BEFORE this technology really goes mainstream. Think about how many amazing technologies you've watched soar to new heights while you kick yourself thinking, "I knew about that before everyone was talking about it, but I just sat on my hands." Don't let that happen again. This time, it should be your family telling you, "I can't believe you knew about and invested in that technology so early on." Heck, not long ago, I saw it featured on the show Shark Tank. Click here to gain instant access to this video. It’s free to you! So click here before every other Shark starts buying and so you don’t risk getting left behind. Rex Moore owns no shares in the companies mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Story from The Motley Fool <!--iframe-->   Members of the editorial and news staff of the USA TODAY Network were not involved in the creation of this content. 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2if1hka Motley Fool This stock could be like buying Netflix in 2004 Dec 28, 2016 More Stories from Motley Fool Trump's plan could make investors very wealthy Sponsor story The sneaky way to profit from Apple Sponsor story This stock could be bigger than Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Sponsor story 5 ETFs to keep you invested after retirement Sponsor story
null
BIoT CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Ridiculously small Linux build lands with ridiculously few swears Russian 'grid attack' turns out to be a damp squib Top Secret -cleared SOCOM staff in 11Gb Govt contractor breach Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Flight simulator sets fire to airport Yorkshire council hit with prolonged web outage HPE bucks trend to retain high-end server crown Government calls for ideas on how to splash £400m on fibre Ridiculously small Linux build lands with ridiculously few swears Folders return to Windows 10's Start Thing A vintage year for snoopers and big state-ists Twas the week before Xmas ... not a creature was stirring – except Microsoft admitting its Windows 10 upgrade pop-up went 'too far' Russian 'grid attack' turns out to be a damp squib Top Secret -cleared SOCOM staff in 11Gb Govt contractor breach Obama expels 35 Russian spies over election hacking Trio charged with $4m insider trading by hacking merger lawyers IT ops doesn't matter. Really? HPE: We're 'opening floodgates' for Synergy orders... a year after launch The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study ClusterHQ? More like Clusterfscked: Cluster bombs, says it came to market too early Windows 10 nags, Dirty Cow, Microsoft's Linux man love: The Reg's big ones for 2016 Check your privilege: CoreOS's container tech rkt gets priv-escalation defense on Intel chips Docker opens up crucial container plumbing code cunningly disguised as 'boring infrastructure' Policy The Channel Barcodes stamped on breast implants and medical equipment Qualcomm faces $853m fine for alleged antitrust violation How Google.org stole the Christmas Spirit Christmas Eve ERP migration derailed by silly spreadsheet sort El Reg just saved your Wikipedia Xmas US cops seek Amazon Echo data for murder inquiry Spotty battery life costs Apple's MacBook Pro its gold-star rating Tesla set to up prices by 5% in new year because of 'currency fluctuations' SPB Geek's Guide Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad 2016 just got a tiny bit longer. Gee, thanks, time lords Chinese boffins: We're testing an 'impossible' EM Drive IN SPAAAACE NASA explains how 'Spiders' grow on Mars Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things ‘Artificial Intelligence’ was the Fake News of 2016 2016: The Rise of the Intelligent (cloud) Machines Meet the Internet of big, lethal Things Uber's self-driving cars get kicked out of SF, seek refuge in Arizona Verity Stob Amazon files patent for 'Death Star' flying warehouse The Life and Times of Lester Haines What gifts did ol' kitten heels May get this year? How Rogue One's Imperial stormtroopers SAVED Star Wars and restored order More like this s3 Object Storage Software Gluster techie shows off 'MySQL of object storage' Minio projects Github star count has it beating Ceph and Swift 21 Dec 2016 at 14:50, Chris Mellor Backgrounder Minio and its µServer were first described by El Reg in December a year ago. Now we have had a closer look, courtesy of a press tour to Silicon Valley earlier this month. The basic product comes as three software items: Open source µServer Open Source Client Software development kit The µServer is a lightweight piece of code, written in Go, that runs as VM or in a container on on-premises COTS servers and storage, and provisions object storage as containers with an S3 access protocol; S3 being the near-enough de facto object storage access protocol these days. It is hardware-agnostic and positioned as a sort-of MySQL of object storage, with S3 being the analogous SQL of object storage. A distributed version enables the pooling of multiple nodes. Minio µServer supports various types of drive media and configurations; NVMe/SSD, SAS/SATA HDD, HGST Open Ethernet drive, RAID and JBOD configurations. It has reference hardware arrangements with Cisco, Intel, Quanta Grid and Supermicro. For example, an OCP-compliant D512B-2U from Quanta Grid involves a 2U chassis from Quanta with dual E5-2600v3 CPUs and 12 x 3.5-inch drive bays. The SMC 1U 5018A-AR12L is an Atom-powered system with 12 x 3.5-inch drive bays. As described by Minio the Client “provides a modern alternative to UNIX commands like ls, cat, cp, mirror, diff etc. It supports filesystems and Amazon S3 compatible cloud storage service (AWS Signature v2 and v4).” It runs on GNU/Linux, Windows, OS X, Solaris/Illumos and FreeBSD. Minio was co-founded by Anand Babu (AB) Periasamy and Garima Kapoor in 2014 and has a recorded $3.3m in seed funding, though it might be more. This comes from three VCs: General Catalyst Partners, Nexus Venture Partners and Index Ventures, and some nine angel funders, who include Mark Leslie and Jerry Yang. Before Minio, Periasamy was the co-founder and CTO at Gluster (June 2005 - October 2011) and joined Red Hat in the CTO office, when Red Hat bought Gluster for $136m in October 2011, staying until November 2014. There is a team of 16 engineers with no managers, and Periasamy running the show. He talks extremely fast. Listening to him pitch his company and its software, you realise the old corporate IT development type certainties just don't exist. DevOps, S3, Docker and GitHub is the world he knows. Minio founder and CEO AB Periasamy You could run Minio on Amazon’s EC2 or other public clouds. Minio tracks its downloads and Periasamy said: “More than 90 per cent of our downloads are happening on Docker. We provision object storage as containers. Minio is involved as a service.” Minio and Github He claims the old models of block storage and file storage are all going away. MongoDB andMySQL use simple key:value storage. Developers are familiar with it and looking for S3 storage, not object storage per se. Periasamy says that there are no knobs to turn and everything is dead simple. The object storage becomes part of an application’s code stack. Periasamy says: “Where does Minio fit? We need a scale where our data footprint is comparable to Amazon. That's where we'll survive or get crushed. … We have to be critical part of our customer's structure and then they'll pay us. … I don't want to be in the infrastructure business; that's a race to zero.” There is a Minio community centred around its Github presence, with 113 committers, 643 community members, and 6,000+ Github stars; “star" is a "Like" in the Github developer world. Minio Github star count versus Ceph and Swift. The download trends show exponential growth, and Periasamy talked of 300,000 Docker pulls. He says: ”We are now as big as Amazon when it comes to S3.” The team appear to be in tune with developers and push community values quite strongly. We asked Periasamy about Minio getting income from customers. He blithely replied: “Getting paid? At million dollar checks it starts to become reasonable for us. We don't want small business. It's a distraction. Let it go. We want growth.” He said he still has half his seed funding in the bank. Minio’s plan Minio has a phase 1 and phase 2 development plan. Phase 1’s goal is to lead in open source object storage. It involves providing Minio µServer and Client software and an SDK. Major software features include: Erasure coding over 16 drives (8+8) Bitrot protection through checksums Lambda functions triggered by events Replication Auto-expiry Minio Reed-Solomon-based erasure code runs in-box or across boxes. Over 16 drives there are 8 for data and 8 for parity. Data and parity blocks are sharded across the drives. Half the 16 drives could die and you're okay. Users can replicate from Minio to S3 Amazon or Google Cloud Storage (via S3) targets. You can continuously mirror between any S3-compatible storage service. Minio Mirror does a full scan and transfer first and then sends updates. Phase 1 started in 2015 and ends at the end of 2016. Phase 2 runs from 2017 to 2018 and its overall aim is to accelerate object storage adoption. It includes a Minio X product and a deep learning engine. Minio X Periasamy says: “The value of the data is many times more than the storage.” He thinks a killer app is to be able to search within unstructured data, like images, using deep learning-generated metadata. The idea is for the system to respond to queries such as: ”Find a blue coffee mug.” The metadata for a blue coffee mug could be viewed as a kind of semantic hash. This by the way, as we understand it, is currently impossible. Machines could then recognise coffee mugs in photos with no humans in the loop. In other words Minio X will generate and provide object content metadata, such as descriptions of elements in an image. Hang on, are they looking to kill image CAPTCHAs? Minio X image metadata generation – the theory anyway. Click image for a more detailed look. +Comment At this point we began to find it hard to be on the same planet. This is a guy who takes in $10m or so seed funding to build an S3-compatible object storage server, which he then open-sources. He’ll take in million dollar checks from large enterprises who like Minio for some reason, and then go off and build a deep learning facility to search inside objects. He's a nice guy and talks at lightning speed, and we’re left thinking he’s either a genius or or a speed-talking fantasist. Given the Gluster and Red Hat background, storage desk tends to think its the former. Put Minio on your S3/object storage/deep learning radar. ® Sponsored: Customer Identity and Access Management Tips and corrections 7 Comments More from The Register Scality reinvents the RING, adds extra Amazon S3 polish Software-flinger improves security, integration with v6.4 Another container-sized nugget: Scality S3 server joins nice and small party S3 gets direct appeal Scality waggles finger, shows off sixth RING De facto is as de facto does and de facto S3 API is the object API Scality developing way to stream objects to tape and the cloud Californians have lust for S3 targets but Azure is on the list too 3 Comments Dell slips Scality's RING onto its OEM finger Offers file/object storage server running the software CMO go through revolving doors at Cloudian and Scality All change in the object storage world Whitepapers Overcoming the Obstacles to the All Flash Datacenter The top 6 challenges that can slow your adoption of all flash technology, and show you how to overcome them. Your top 5 cloud Data challenges solved The cloud s changing everything, Its transforming IT orgnisations with agility and efficiency like never before, enabling them to realise new IT as a service delivery models. Content management and collaboration platform for apps With Box Platform, businesses can add secure content management and collaboration to applications without having to build and maintain their own content infrastructure. The business value of Red Hat cloudforms Red Hat CloudForms offers customers a unified vendor-agnostic platform for automating self-service provisioning and workload life-cycle management across hybrid multivendor virtualised, private cloud, public cloud, and container-based environments Most read Folders return to Windows 10's Start Thing The Life and Times of Lester Haines Amazon files patent for 'Death Star' flying warehouse Trio charged with $4m insider trading by hacking merger lawyers Barcodes stamped on breast implants and medical equipment Spotlight A vintage year for snoopers and big state-ists 'Twas Brillo but then Android Things, which watched as Google Weaved its Nest Gluster techie shows off 'MySQL of object storage' Minio projects Speaking in Tech: Right, he's smacked the journos. Now Trump's called the techies in... OpenStreetView? You are no longer hostage to Google's car-driven vision Speaking in Tech: Did an open source guru just ask us to join Amazon? Russia's bid for mobile self-sufficiency may be the saviour of Sailfish You want SaaS? Don't bother, darling, your kind can't afford it Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Asia-Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market to Grow 46% by 2022 - By Technology, Application & Country - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets Dec 21, 2016, 09:10 ET Share this article DUBLIN, Dec 21, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Asia-Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market (2016 - 2022)" report to their offering. The Asia Pacific artificial intelligence market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 46.9% from 2016 to 2022. Today, big data, that is generated exponentially every hour, becomes a treasurable asset to many organizations. To be competitive in a dynamic data-driven and Web-centric market, most of the high-tech companies such as Google, Apple, Intel, IBM, Microsoft, etc. employ big data analytics (BDA) to mine insights within their big data to drive productivity, effectiveness, and efficiency. On the other hand, artificial intelligence (AI) has grown rapidly from a nascent stage to intermediate one in the last decade. AI is a youthful field in Computer Science in building an autonomous machine that intends to replace humans with daily activities. Robots mimic human behavior and frequently perform dangerous tasks. AI scientists seek to create autonomous machines such as humanoid robots that have the capability of reasoning as human common sense. The report highlights the adoption of Artificial Intelligence market in Asia Pacific region. Based on the Technology, the Artificial Intelligence Market is segmented into Machine learning, Natural language processing, Image processing and Speech recognition market. On the basis of Application, the market is bifurcated into Government & Defense, BFSI, Consumer Goods & Retail, IT & Telecom, Healthcare, Energy & Utilities, Manufacturing, Education, Transportation and Others segment. The market is further geographically segmented into China, Japan, India, South Korea, Singapore, Malaysia and Rest of Asia Pacific market. Companies Mentioned: IPSoft Rocket Fuel Inc. Qlik Technologies Inc. Microstrategy Inc. Brighterion Inc. Microsoft Corporation Google Inc. IBM Corporation 24/7 Customer Inc. Next IT Corporation Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Market Overview 3. Asia Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market - By Technology 4. Asia Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market - By Application 5. Asia Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market - By Country 6. Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/8k7k85/asiapacific Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/asia-pacific-artificial-intelligence-market-to-grow-46-by-2022---by-technology-application--country---research-and-markets-300382398.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com Dec 21, 2016, 09:10 ET Preview: Track and Trace Solutions Market to Reach $5 Billion by 2025 - Rising Adoption by Healthcare Manufacturers to Fuel Market Growth - Research and Markets Dec 21, 2016, 09:10 ET Preview: Research and Markets - Global Fiber Laser Market - Forecasted to Grow 16% During 2016-2021 - Key Vendors are Epilog Lasers, IPG Photonics & Trumpf My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Dec 23, 2016, 13:10 ETNorth America Managed Security Services Market Report 2016 - Make... Dec 23, 2016, 13:10 ETInterventional Cardiology and Peripheral Vascular Devices Market... Explore More news releases in similar topics Internet Technology Computer Electronics Computer Software Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Asia-Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market to Grow 46% by 2022 - By Technology, Application & Country - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets Dec 21, 2016, 09:10 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Apply Inc. 5000 Europe Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise Launch! LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN SITEMAP PRIVACY AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. INNOVATE 3 Ways That Smart Paper Will Be Able to Bring Old-School Products Into the Digital Age Companies will have new ways to communicate with clients instantaneously. By Marley Kaplan Marley is passionate about technology and the impact it has on human communication, consumer behaviour and the media landscape. Leading innovation strategy across Fortune 500 brands, Marley shares insights to various publications and panels. In addition to her Inc Innovate column, Marley has contributed to Advertising Week NY, Campaign US, WPP's The Wire and more. In 2014, AlleyWatch named Marley one of the '21 People to Watch in Wearables’ for her consulting work with Intel. Marley earned her MA in Marketing in London, where she spent her early career in digital advertising roles. Keep up with Marley here. @MarleyLive Innovation Specialist@MarleyLive WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement This past month, I was invited to Stockholm to share a keynote presentation on the trends culminating towards a smarter world. The event, named JAUNT, was the first chapter in a series of innovation hackathons hosted by Stockholm-based innovation agency NINE. The focus of this event was smart paper, which I find to be a rising star in the IoT smart objects ecosystem since its origins are truly analogue. This event triggered me to dive deeper into the concept of smart paper and its applications in a business context. Smart paper is more than just a tricked-out version of an old school item. Rather, the hardware that can be incorporated into smart paper will allow businesses to engage on a more integrated level. Smart paper will allow interactions, information and content to be human-led and technology-supported, leading to better experiences both internally and consumer facing. 1) Never appear tied to technology devices in meetings again Paper in the traditional sense is most commonly associated with sharing information: contracts, notes, research papers, etc. Sharing information is the basis for our society thriving and the way in which we communicate has evolved at a rapid pace since the wide-swept adoption of the personal computer. With this new digital form of communication (i.e. SMS, social media, online forums) has come a resurgence of the analogue. People are now craving tactile and human experiences. Moleskine's Smart Writing Set is a seamless execution of digital meeting analogue in the realm of smart paper. The three-tiered product includes the Moleskine Paper Tablet, the Moleskine Pen+ and the Moleskine Notes App. These components all work together to allow the user to document text and sketches by hand - on paper - and translate in real-time into an image, vector or text file that can be shared instantaneously. This digital-meets-analogue technology allows for a more human experience in meetings, replacing the somewhat clunky and disengaging experience of typing notes on an open laptop or staring down at your phone. The ability to directly share individual handwritten notes also allows for non-linear thinking and sketching, allowing for more flexibility in methods of capturing and communicating new ideas. 2) Businesses will be able to track their physical products more securely As technology hardware becomes exponentially more compact and cheaper, the number of objects that can be integrated with hardware will increase. In the concern of technologically savvy paper, the hardware enabling services will be interwoven into the paper, making the paper material itself "smart." One of the latest technologies that has the capability to do this is Laser Enabled Advanced Packaging (LEAP), developed by scientists from North Dakota State University. By harnessing lasers in this new process, RFID chips are thinned down enough to be transferred into material as thin as paper money. These researchers point to this technology serving the banking sector, providing banks a secure way to identify counterfeit paper money. While the currency of money has been steadily evolving in the digital realm (i.e. bitcoin, online banking, Paypal and Venmo, etc.), this technology can bring back the tactile use case for paper money. Security concerns surrounding virtual money might nudge consumers towards tangible currencies, making the verification of paper money all the more valuable. This compact RFID hardware can be applied across sectors, and the cheaper and more readily available it becomes, the more it will be integrated into everyday products. The software use cases are still up for grabs by brands; however, they will need to be compelling enough for consumers to engage. A brand can apply smart paper technology to validate the authenticity of a product, track a product's production journey, or create an entirely new use case built upon this emerging platform. 3) Consumers will be able to instantaneously download content When it comes to the products themselves, brands are beginning to differentiate against competitors with services and experiences in addition to the base product. This concept is not radical; it is only expanding in scope via technology. Take the apparel industry as an example: paper labels and tags have traditionally been attached to products to share information such as where the clothing was made, the best methods to care for it, and even the story carried with a designer's name or brand heritage. Thanks to technologies like conductive ink and RFID, the communication and expansion of services can be expanded upon digitally. Smashbox cosmetics company executed this by developing a video tutorial unlocking feature on paper cards for their Smashbox ShapeMatters Palette. The product contains "Get the Look" cards printed with service-unlocking conductive ink developed by t-ink. By placing these cards on top of their phone (once open to the website Smashbox.com/ShapeMattersPalette), the consumer is directly connected to demo videos for Brow, Contour, Highlight and Shadow applications. As the ultimate physical and digital convergence, smart paper is perhaps the most analogue-gone-high-tech concept being explored to date. While more and more communication is occurring through virtual platforms, smart paper could bring a renewed sense of importance to physical goods. Whether companies are using smart paper to communicate more efficiently internally or expand upon the value of their product to customers, the technology is set to make an impact for both businesses and consumers alike. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Dec 21, 2016 Advertisement
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: 'Open Source' Robo-Car in '17? NEWS & ANALYSIS: Nokia Hits Apple With Patent Suits NEWS & ANALYSIS: Thinnest Nanowire Self-assembles NEWS & ANALYSIS: SK Hynix to Build Wafer Fab in South Korea NEWS & ANALYSIS: Korea Fines Q'comm Nearly $1B NEWS & ANALYSIS: IoT Ready to Light Up in 2017 News & Analysis TDK Agrees to Pay $1.3B for InvenSense Peter Clarke 12/21/2016 09:47 AM EST 2 comments NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet LONDON — TDK Corp. has agreed to purchase inertial and microphone MEMS InvenSense Corp. for about $1.3 billion in what will presumably be one of the last acts of consolidation in what has been the highly consolidatory 2016 for the semiconductor industry. The deal is expected to complete in the second quarter of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2018, which is the third calendar quarter of 2017, and InvenSense will operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary of TDK. It had been reported that the two companies were in discussions (see TDK in talks to acquire InvenSense ) although $12 per share offer has apparently been increased to $13 per share. InvenSense announced that it hired a financial advisor to evaluate indications of interest in the company in November (see Could Sony, ST, Intel or China acquire InvenSense? ). The deal has now been approved by the boards of directors of both companies. TDK already sells magnetic sensors that employ thin-film magnetic technology as well as pressure, temperature, electric current, and various other sensor types. The company has identified sensors and actuators as a key expansion area addressing applications in the automotive and industrial sectors and the Internet of Things. TDK said it intends to expand its sensor business. InvenSense is a relative newcomer to the MEMS sensor scene but rose quickly to gain design wins with smartphone companies such as Apple and Samsung and to go public in 2011. It competes against Bosch Sensortec and STMicroelectronics in consumer electronics applications. InvenSense's "fabless" manufacturing model enables development of high-performance and cost effective products via its unique CMOS-MEMS production process. InvenSense has also been a pioneer of sensor fusion where multiple sensor inputs are processed locally to produce more meaningful data. "TDK's sensor business, one of its strategic growth areas, can be strengthened by merging TDK's portfolio of magnetic sensor technologies, where its strength lies, and its wide range of sensor products with InvenSense's expanding sensor technology," said Shigenao Ishiguro, CEO of TDK, in a statement. Article originally posted on EE Times Europe.   Email This Print Comment More Related Links Bosch CEO: Hanging on to Lead 3D Printers Get New Material Why, Windows 10, Why? iPhone 7, No Headphone Jack Creates a Recipe for e-Waste Custom Magnetics: When Do You Need Them? Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank Author Re: Syntax error Clive"Max"Maxfield   12/22/2016 10:09:50 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate @photonicssjd: Congratulations on one of the most complicated opening sentences/paragraphs ever. That's not fair -- you didn't give me a chance -- I bet I coudl create one that was more complicated if I tried. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Syntax error photonicsjd   12/22/2016 9:25:37 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Congratulations on one of the most complicated opening sentences/paragraphs ever. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 1/3/2017 2:15:49 AM GeniusEE You guys need to refuse coverage of any gonadless chip announcement that does not include 1K budgetary pricing. With $10,000 FPGA chips at Digikey, not sure if I should care about... 1/3/2017 2:15:49 AM GeniusEE You guys need to refuse coverage of any gonadless chip announcement that does not include 1K budgetary pricing. With $10,000 FPGA chips at Digikey, not sure if I should care about... 1/3/2017 1:58:25 AM GeniusEE "That's an easy one...just shy of 11 bits" 1/3/2017 12:28:30 AM Bert22306 It could be that people idolize, or want to emulate, or wish they could be, whatever they can understand. If you talk to the average "person on the street," it is surprising what... 1/2/2017 9:28:58 PM David Ashton @Crusty...happy new year....if you're looking at new scopes then do bear in mind the experiences of the late Glen Chenier (bless his cotton socks...wish he was still with us): http://www.edn.com/electronics-blogs/test-voices/4435528/The-scope-from-Hell- He... 1/2/2017 9:02:06 PM Kevin Neilson I'd say a supermodel is one who can earn a large income well past normal earning years based on recognition and not on inherent "value".  Gisele Bündchen earned around... 1/2/2017 7:13:24 PM realjjj Supermodel might be a Victoria Secret marketing term at this point in time but not quite sure as i'm not even mildly familiar with that circus. This summer ahead of the Olympics,... 1/2/2017 6:44:36 PM perl_geek Assuming we're dealing with quadcopters here, (Predators being a different proposition altogether), I would expect they're going to be astonishingly noisy in RF. 4 cheap electric... 1/2/2017 6:09:18 PM RadioGraybeard A drone can be anything from an under $500 RC hobby toy to a military UAV with the wingspan of a Boeing 757.  I think the problems of looking for them vary with the size... 1/2/2017 6:07:04 PM Crusty1 Hi David; I am on the look out for an new DSO, my OWON 25MHz DSO is still good, but with the clock speeds that I am using, evan as an amateur, it looks like 100MHz is the order... Navigate to Related Links Bosch CEO: Hanging on to Lead 3D Printers Get New Material Why, Windows 10, Why? iPhone 7, No Headphone Jack Creates a Recipe for e-Waste Custom Magnetics: When Do You Need Them? Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest January 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "Rosy Resolutions" "Your caption here!" 1 Comment All Cartoons November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus It was a seamless transition from Senior Principal Engineer to Museum Curator. 94 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  47   What Are the Coolest Engineering Gifts?  46   Half-Ton Megaprocessor is Finally Finished  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  36   I Got an Uber-Cool Badge and a Mega-Cool ...  34   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  31   Could Engineers be Accused of Killing Jobs?  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  29   Deep Thoughts Regarding the Bodacious Brain  28   Replacing Tantalum Bypass Capacitors with ...  28   The Time Has Come to Build My Own ...  5   Korea Fines Qcomm Nearly $1B  4   What I Learned as a "Wrapper"  4   Drone Detection: An Interesting RF Challenge  3   Get a Signal's Details  3   TSMC Says 10nm on Track, Countering Reports  3   We're Following the Wrong Celebrities  2   IoT: A New Twist on an Old Idea  1   IoT Ready to Light Up in 2017  1   Thinnest Nanowire Self-assembles  1   'Open Source' Robo-Car in '17? Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Planet Analog Working With Us: About | Contact Us | Media Kits Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2017 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
null
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 21, 2016December 21, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Asia-Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market to Grow 46% by 2022 – By Technology, Application & Country – Research and Markets DUBLIN, Dec 21, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Research and Markets has announced the addition of the “Asia-Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market (2016 – 2022)” report to their offering. The Asia Pacific artificial intelligence market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 46.9% from 2016 to 2022. Today, big data, that is generated exponentially every hour, becomes a treasurable asset to many organizations. To be competitive in a dynamic data-driven and Web-centric market, most of the high-tech companies such as Google, Apple, Intel, IBM, Microsoft, etc. employ big data analytics (BDA) to mine insights within their big data to drive productivity, effectiveness, and efficiency. On the other hand, artificial intelligence (AI) has grown rapidly from a nascent stage to intermediate one in the last decade. AI is a youthful field in Computer Science in building an autonomous machine that intends to replace humans with daily activities. Robots mimic human behavior and frequently perform dangerous tasks. AI scientists seek to create autonomous machines such as humanoid robots that have the capability of reasoning as human common sense. The report highlights the adoption of Artificial Intelligence market in Asia Pacific region. Based on the Technology, the Artificial Intelligence Market is segmented into Machine learning, Natural language processing, Image processing and Speech recognition market. On the basis of Application, the market is bifurcated into Government & Defense, BFSI, Consumer Goods & Retail, IT & Telecom, Healthcare, Energy & Utilities, Manufacturing, Education, Transportation and Others segment. The market is further geographically segmented into China, Japan, India, South Korea, Singapore, Malaysia and Rest of Asia Pacific market. Companies Mentioned: Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/8k7k85/asiapacific Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  SOURCE Research and Markets CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Imprimis Pharmaceuticals and FocusScript Partner to Exclusively Offer the Correct Compound™ Program Next PostNext ANI Pharmaceuticals Announces Launch of Authorized Generic of Lithobid® Extended Release Tablets Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts World Patent Ratings Issues First Round of 2017 Intangible Asset Valuation Reports For Internet Software and Service Providers January 3, 2017 Satellites can improve regional air quality forecasting January 3, 2017 Satellite images reveal ocean acidification from space January 3, 2017 Space debris from satellite explosion increases collision risk for space craft January 3, 2017 Asteroid research benefits from Gaia satellite mission January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 21, 2016December 21, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Eco-Wise Element Brand Launches In Arizona BETHESDA, Md., Dec. 21, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Marriott International, Inc.® (NASDAQ: MAR) today announced the opening of Element Chandler Fashion Center, which marks the debut of the eco-conscious brand in Arizona. Element Chandler Fashion Center, owned by Chandler HG, LLC, a Glacier House Hotels entity, is conveniently located adjacent to the Chandler Fashion Center – one of the largest malls in the Phoenix Metropolitan area. The new property features 107 light-filled guestrooms and an atmosphere designed to fuel a smart and sustainable stay while maintaining a balanced life on the road. A recognized industry leader in the eco-space, Element offers travelers a fresh interpretation of the traditional hotel experience with natural light, modern design, healthy options and green-minded sensibilities. This reimagined extended-stay experience is perfect for the traveler who is visiting for a few days or a few weeks. Guests can fuel their day with healthy options from the RISE breakfast stocked with refreshing smoothies, wholesome granola and more, and wind down with the RELAX evening wine reception – both complimentary. Spacious studios and one-bedroom suites at Element Chandler Fashion Center offer a fluid design of modular furniture, fully equipped kitchens, the signature Heavenly® Bed and spa-inspired bathrooms. The hotel also features 600 square feet of meeting space as well as amenities that include: the RESTORE gourmet pantry, the signature Bikes to Borrow program, which offers guests complimentary bikes along with a local trail map, a state-of-the-art 24-hour fitness center, a heated outdoor swimming pool, and fast and free Wi-Fi throughout the property. “We are excited to launch Element in Arizona, continuing the growth momentum of the brand while meeting a local demand for the healthy, active traveler in the area,” said Paige Francis, Vice President, Global Brand Management for Element Hotels. “Element Chandler offers travelers a smart, sustainable option near upscale shops and restaurants, and easy access to the numerous businesses along the Price Road technology corridor. Guests can enjoy clean, modern design and everything they need whether they’re staying with us for two nights or two weeks.” The newly constructed Element is located directly across from Nordstrom and within walking distance to the many other retail stores and dining options in the Chandler Fashion Center. Easily accessible from both Santan Freeway and Loop 101 Price Freeway, Element Chandler Fashion Center is 10 minutes from Wild Horse Pass, 20 minutes from Sky Harbor International Airport (PHX) and less than 30 minutes from downtown Phoenix and Arizona State University. Nearby space and technology businesses along the Price Road corridor include Intel, Orbital Sciences Corporation, Space Data and Boeing Iridium Satellite. About Element Hotels Element® Hotels is made to order for guests in the know and on the go. Its bright design defies convention, bathing guest rooms and public spaces in natural light. Stylish and sustainable throughout, Element offers extended stay comfort with a conscience and lots of signature amenities from its healthy RISE breakfast and RELAX evening reception to saline swimming pools, spacious fitness centers, bikes to borrow and electric vehicle charging stations. Element made history in 2008 as the only major hotel brand to pursue LEED certification for high-performance buildings brand-wide.   Element is proud to participate in the industry’s award-winning loyalty program, Starwood Preferred Guest®, in which members can link accounts with Marriott Rewards® and The Ritz-Carlton Rewards® for instant elite status matching and unlimited points transfer. Visit www.ElementHotels.com or connect on Facebook. Marriott International, Inc. (NASDAQ: MAR) is the world’s largest hotel company based in Bethesda, Maryland, USA, with nearly 6,000 properties in 120 countries and territories. Marriott operates and franchises hotels and licenses vacation ownership resorts. The company’s 30 leading brands include: Bulgari®, The Ritz-Carlton® and The Ritz-Carlton Reserve®, St. Regis®, W®, EDITION®, JW Marriott®, The Luxury Collection®, Marriott Hotels®, Westin®, Le Méridien®, Renaissance® Hotels, Sheraton®, Delta Hotels by MarriottSM, Marriott Executive Apartments®, Marriott Vacation Club®, Autograph Collection® Hotels, Tribute Portfolio™, Design Hotels™, Gaylord Hotels®, Courtyard®, Four Points® by Sheraton, SpringHill Suites®, Fairfield Inn & Suites®, Residence Inn®, TownePlace Suites®, AC Hotels by Marriott®, Aloft®, Element®, Moxy® Hotels, and Protea Hotels by Marriott®. The company also operates award-winning loyalty programs: Marriott Rewards®, which includes The Ritz-Carlton Rewards®, and Starwood Preferred Guest®. For more information, please visit our website at www.marriott.com, and for the latest company news, visit www.marriottnewscenter.com and @MarriottIntl. About Glacier House Hotels Glacier House Hotels is headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona.  Principals Jordan Scott and Ryan Kucker are excited to open their first Starwood property and believe the Element by Westin is an ideal fit for the Chandler high-tech driven market. Element Chandler was developed and built by Glacier House Hotel Development, LLC and will be managed by Glacier House Hotel Management, LLC.    This will be Glaciers’ first Element Hotel and have 3 others approved in Ontario, CA, Superior, CO and Oak Creek, AZ. For more information on Glacier, Chandler Element, and other projects, please visit www.glacierhousehotels.com. Note on Forward-Looking Statements: The anticipated five year rooms growth and the number and locations of hotels that Four Points expects open in 2017 are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of U.S. federal securities laws, not historical facts, and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including supply and demand changes for hotel rooms; competitive conditions in the lodging industry; relationships with clients and property owners; the availability of capital to finance hotel growth; and other risk factors that Marriott International, Inc. identifies in the most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q that it filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; any of which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by those statements. We make those statements as of the date of this press release, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. SOURCE Marriott International, Inc. CategoriesSatellite Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Chef JJ's Brings The Heat To Indianapolis This Winter With A Big List Of Events Next PostNext Genpact Selected to Assist in Transforming Hyatt's Global Finance and Accounting Operations Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts World Patent Ratings Issues First Round of 2017 Intangible Asset Valuation Reports For Internet Software and Service Providers January 3, 2017 Satellites can improve regional air quality forecasting January 3, 2017 Satellite images reveal ocean acidification from space January 3, 2017 Space debris from satellite explosion increases collision risk for space craft January 3, 2017 Asteroid research benefits from Gaia satellite mission January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Nvidia Surges in 2016 Using Graphics Chips to Challenge Intel by Ian King More stories by Ian King December 21, 2016, 6:00 AM EST CEO Huang’s evangelism is paying off, boosting earnings Data-center operators, automakers turning to PC-gaming part Nvidia Surges in 2016, What's Next for the Company? When Paulina Sliwinska, a fund manager at Edinburgh-based Baillie Gifford & Co., made the trip to Silicon Valley looking for the next big thing in technology, she found it -- not in a hot startup run by a 23-year-old whiz kid just out of Stanford, but in a 23-year-old semiconductor maker that’s had the same chief executive officer since its founding. Jen-Hsun Huang, CEO of graphics-chip maker Nvidia Corp., has won over Sliwinska and many other investors this year with claims that his products, once confined to the niche of computer-gaming machines, are breaking out to become key components of nascent technologies from voice recognition to self-driving cars. Jen-Hsun Huang Photographer: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg “He’s so engaging,” said Sliwinska. “Even from this point the opportunities in front of it over the next 10 years are astonishing.” After she met Huang in August, the fund added to its position and is now the 10th-largest holder. The company is the best performer on the Nasdaq 100 Stock Index this year, outpacing the No. 2 stock by a multiple of almost three. Under Huang, Nvidia has built itself into the leading supplier of graphics processors, the chips that deliver the ever-more-realistic images that make computer games so immersive and addictive. For most of its history, that’s been a relatively small market, with the much bigger businesses of computer processors and smartphone chips dominated by Intel Corp. and Qualcomm Inc. This year, though, Huang’s longtime belief that the fundamental advantages of his graphics chips would give them a broader role in fast-growing fields such as artificial intelligence and self-driving cars has begun to pay off -- and is buoying Nvidia’s earnings. In the third quarter, demand for chips used in data centers and cars helped fuel a 54 percent surge in sales, and profit doubled to a record. That performance was the result of years of investment in the hardware and software aimed at enabling computers and cars to think for themselves, according to Huang. The stock surged 30 percent on Nov. 11, the day after the earnings report. Yet there was no victory lap from the CEO -- his company is going to battle in markets also targeted by famously fierce rivals Intel, whose annual R&D spending is twice Nvidia’s revenue, and Qualcomm, which has the largest cash balance in the chip industry. “The only thing we can guarantee is the velocity with which we innovate,” Huang said in an interview at the time. Nvidia declined to make Huang available for comment for this story. Huang, 53, runs Nvidia like it’s still a startup, making snap decisions and demanding fast execution, according to those who have worked for him. For a semiconductor maker, that’s no small feat: Designing a chip, getting it ready for market and then having it manufactured can take years and costs hundreds of millions of dollars. Chip companies publish road maps that reflect those intricate details, and they build their organizations around it. Decisions on what to make in multibillion-dollar plants requires extensive planning. At Nvidia things can happen a lot faster. In the space of a short meeting hosted by Huang, an executive trying to give an update on progress of a new chip design might find himself silenced as Huang calls an engineer to check on a technical question -- then instantly decide the project’s dead or make the call to head in a different direction. Evangelical Approach Huang has long clung to the belief that graphics chips would play a key role in technological innovation. But past efforts to spread their use, such as in phones, have failed to catch on or taken a lot longer to deliver tangible results. While the annual advent of a new high-end GeForce chip from Nvidia has long been viewed as a gift from above for computer gamers -- many of whom think nothing of paying more for one component than most ordinary users would for a whole computer -- Nvidia as a company had been less revered in general until this year. Its stock has struggled to rise higher than $35 in the 17 years since it first went public. The shares closed just above $105 on Dec. 20. Some investors and analysts who follow Nvidia the most closely have missed that run-up. The reason: they’ve heard Huang’s pitches before -- such as when he was touting the company’s future as a provider of smartphone chips -- and initially wrote off his predictions about artificial intelligence and self-driving cars as no different from previous forays that fizzled. “Jen-Hsun didn’t dial it up or dial it down -- he was just as enthusiastic about the automotive opportunity as he was for Tegra,” said Ian Ing, an analyst at MKM Partners, referring to the company’s mobile phone chip, first announced in 2008. The Tegra line of chips was Nvidia’s attempt to get into smartphones, which Huang correctly pointed out were on the cusp of transforming computing and communication. Yet because he and others underestimated the importance of an integrated cellular connection, Nvidia’s offering failed to win significant business. Unlike other companies that lost out to Qualcomm, Huang didn’t close down the project -- instead Nvidia fielded its own game console, called Shield, as a way to try to create a market for Tegra and showcase its abilities to potential customers. While Shield never challenged the dominance of Xbox or PlayStation, the product led to orders for Tegra from Nintendo Co., which made the chip the heart of one its new game systems. “It was more or less a science project internal to Nvidia, and now Nintendo has adopted it,” said Kevin Cassidy, an analyst at Stifel Nicolaus & Co. “That’s another example of them pulling themselves up by their bootstraps, creating a market and then giving it to their customer.” Little Sleep The CEO gets little sleep, even on holidays, because he stays up late into the night reading everything he can get his hands on that concerns Nvidia and its businesses, no matter the language -- he is fastidious about translations, which he has staff ready to deliver whenever he needs them. While founding Nvidia and building it into the largest maker of graphics chips has made him a billionaire, he still runs the company with the paranoia and drive of someone scared it might fail at any moment, according to those who have worked for him. In public he speaks in soft tones, using careful pauses for emphasis and employing Silicon Valley’s patois to answer specific questions with broad, lofty discussions that contain grand assertions. Within the company, he has little patience for subordinates who aren’t making the grade and will call them to scream whenever he deems it necessary. The way he describes it, Huang has always been fighting the bigger guy. He likes to tell the story of how his Taiwanese parents sent him to be educated at what they thought was a private school in the U.S. when he was a child. The institution in Kentucky turned out to be more of a reform school, where he was one of the smallest guys in a rough environment having to get by on his wits and form alliances with the big kids. Huang’s grown-up bete noire, Intel, is located just across the 101 freeway, which runs the length of California’s Silicon Valley. This other Santa Clara-based chipmaker is also the world’s largest. Analysts who in the past have been unwilling to bet on Huang’s vision and execution have cited Intel’s ability to build other computer functions into its processors as an existential threat to Nvidia. Indeed, Nvidia’s chipset business disappeared almost overnight when Intel decided to build that technology into its products, starting in 2008. Still, Intel has never fielded a graphics chip good enough to persuade high-end computer users to switch from Nvidia. And now Huang’s company is trying to muscle in on the rapidly growing market for chips used in data center servers, Intel’s most profitable business. Data Flood Traditional data centers are stacked with machines powered by Intel’s most expensive server chips, and many would-be competitors have been trying to break Intel’s lock on the market. Now, the flood of information created by connected devices and online services is overwhelming conventional computing’s ability to analyze and put this data to use. Based on work Nvidia has been doing for several years, graphics chips are increasingly being programmed to run artificial intelligence systems that can perform tasks such as recognizing images and speech lightning-fast, without the help of humans. While Intel processors are extremely fast at performing complex operations, they have a limit in terms of their ability to perform multiple tasks at the same time. That’s where graphics chips have started to make inroads with their ability to perform a much larger number of smaller tasks in parallel. Google and Amazon.com Inc. offer graphics-chip-based computing as part of their cloud services. While graphics technology is making headway, the majority of data center work is done by Intel’s microprocessors and there are efforts by suppliers of other types of chips to tailor their less-power-hungry products for the market. For now, investors think Nvidia is leading efforts to provide the main engine for artificial intelligence. “They’re in one of the hottest spaces,” said Daniel Morgan, a fund manager for Synovus Trust Company. “You’d have to put them at the top of the list right now. They seem to be positioned really well.” In its most recent quarter Nvidia’s data center revenue, at $240 million, was up from just $82 million a year earlier. But that’s barely scratching the surface of a market where Intel has more than 99 percent market share in processors. The larger company’s server chip business delivered more than $2 billion in profit on $4.5 billion of sales in its latest quarter. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter In cars, one of Huang’s passions, Nvidia is aiming to provide the computing engines that will someday make vehicles better than humans at driving. While Tegra is used to run entertainment systems, Nvidia has produced more powerful graphics chips to do the work of taking inputs from radar, cameras and other sensors to build an electronic picture of what’s going on around the vehicle. There’s no shortage of competition from other chipmakers, though, and last year Nvidia didn’t make it into the list of top 10 providers of silicon to automakers. One chipmaker that did, NXP Semiconductor NV, last year bought another, Freescale Semiconductor. Now that combined company is being acquired by Nvidia’s mobile nemesis, Qualcomm. The Nvidia CEO’s willingness to make rapid changes of direction has already manifested itself in cars. Once famous for his love of Ferraris, Huang is now posting pictures of himself on his driveway surrounded by Teslas. Probably no coincidence: The first new version of his complete computer for self-driving cars was delivered personally to Tesla CEO Elon Musk, and Nvidia’s technology is the basis for Telsa’s next version of its driver-assistance technology. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now This Is Where the World's Highest-Paid Expats Live Top Investor Picks for Emerging Markets in 2017 Islamic State Claims New Year’s Massacre at Istanbul Nightclub Trump to Continue Making News, Policy via Unconventional Twitter Perdue Is Trump’s Lead Pick for Agriculture Secretary Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is STILL a Red-Hot Buy AMD stock is worth buying on any decent dip Dec 21, 2016, 10:28 am EST  |  By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer     View All   Calling 2016 a “good year” for Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) shareholders would be a considerable understatement. AMD stock is up 305% year-to-date, decisively ending a three-year dry spell. Source: Matthew Rutledge via Flickr Too much, too fast? Many would say so, pointing out that sales have been deteriorating since 2011 and the company has booked net losses in each of its past four years. Although the top line perked up a bit in the third quarter, the computer component maker is still regularly in the red. AMD is going to have to pull off some sort of mini-miracle if it’s going to justify the stock’s current price anytime soon. Thing is, it may well have a miracle or two up its sleeve for 2017. Advanced Micro Devices to Rise With Ryzen? It’s a rarity for a technology company’s fortune to be altered by the introduction of a new product. But, this is one of those times. The 10 Best S&P 500 Stocks of 2016 When Advanced Micro Devices unveiled its new “Zen” microprocessor technology in August, the market was hopeful, but cautious. AMD hasn’t been especially competitive in any market for a while, ceding to rivals like Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC), Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) and Qualcomm, Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM), and though the specs for Zen looked good, doubts lingered that it would be able to do what it was supposed to do when the architecture was put to its pre-launch test. Those worries, though, may not have been necessary. Zen is shaping up to be everything it was touted to be in front of its commercial debut in the first quarter of 2017. It may be the biggest and most successful launch Advanced Micro Devices has seen in a long, long while. Indeed, it wouldn’t be hyperbole to say Zen may end up saving the company. The processor truly is an engineering marvel. Renamed Ryzen in the meantime, the first entry in the Summit Ridge line of desktop processors are a true 8-core, 16-thread CPU that operates at a minimum of 3.4 GHz. That’s a bit stronger than the most comparable processor from Intel: the Core i7-6900K, which operates at a base frequency of 3.2 GHz. The i7 can be boosted up to 4.0 GHz, and it’s not clear exactly how far the Ryzen can be pushed. It’s likely to be in that 4.0 gigahertz ballpark though, and it’s going to require less power to get there. Ryzen has another dimension owners of AMD stock can get excited about — it’s got its own artificial intelligence technology built in that allows it to operate better. The Neural Net Prediction algorithm remembers which pathway a particular app runs best on, while Smart Prefetch tracks software behavior so it can best prepare the computer to run the program. It will likely be price competitive too. Although no official word had been given, initial estimates peg the processor’s price at between $500 and $600, versus the i7-6900K’s (current) sticker price of just over $1,000. And analysts have taken notice. Jefferies & Co. analyst Mark Lipacis recently upped the firm’s target on AMD stock to $13, up 22% from its current value of $10.66, explaining: “We’ve argued that AMD’s IP is undervalued and that it is in the midst of a turnaround, and AMD’s demos this week of its new Zen MPU in high-end performance applications reinforce the latter part of this thesis. Our checks continue to indicate AMD’s Zen MPU is being well received in the enthusiast DT channel, and the Asia Cloud Server market.” Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/12/advanced-micro-devices-inc-amd-stock-still-red-hot-buy/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Experts' Top Picks for 2017 3 Trump Stock Winners That Will Lose BIG in 2017 4 Job Stocks Rallying on Trump's Promises 3 of the Worst ETFs for Long-Term Investors 3 Top Tech Stocks You’ve Never Heard Of 7 Stocks That Won’t Be Around in 2018 More on InvestorPlace 10 Experts' Top Picks for 2017 3 Trump Stock Winners That Will Lose BIG in 2017 4 Job Stocks Rallying on Trump's Promises 3 of the Worst ETFs for Long-Term Investors 3 Top Tech Stocks You’ve Never Heard Of 7 Stocks That Won’t Be Around in 2018 More on InvestorPlace 10 Experts' Top Picks for 2017 3 Trump Stock Winners That Will Lose BIG in 2017 4 Job Stocks Rallying on Trump's Promises 3 of the Worst ETFs for Long-Term Investors 3 Top Tech Stocks You’ve Never Heard Of 7 Stocks That Won’t Be Around in 2018 More on InvestorPlace 10 Experts' Top Picks for 2017 3 Trump Stock Winners That Will Lose BIG in 2017 4 Job Stocks Rallying on Trump's Promises 3 of the Worst ETFs for Long-Term Investors 3 Top Tech Stocks You’ve Never Heard Of 7 Stocks That Won’t Be Around in 2018 Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for 2017: The Experts’ Picks 3 of the Worst ETFs for Long-Term Investors 3 Trump Stock Winners That Will Lose BIG in 2017 4 Job Stocks Rallying on Trump’s Campaign Promises 3 Trades That Will Rain on 2017’s Parade Most Popular Most Commented 16 Biotechnology Stocks to Sell Now 11 Health Care Equipment & Supplies Stocks to Buy Now 5 Tech Stocks That Doubled in 2016 and Still Have Potential 11 Health Care Equipment & Supplies Stocks to Sell Now 3 Metals & Mining Stocks to Buy Now 4 Media Stocks to Buy Now Why Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (HA) is a Must Add to Your Portfolio Hottest Construction Stocks Now – GV Hottest Retail Trade Stocks Now – JMEI NWY GTIM ARKR Hottest Wholesale Trade Stocks Now – JVA EDUC ASPN MMLP Hottest Mining Stocks Now – LONE LEU CHKR MPET Poll of the Day View and vote in our Best Stocks for 2017: Which one stock do you think will do best in the coming year? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money My 10 Investing Dictums (and a Rant, Too) DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today 4 Stocks Poised to Raise Dividends These four stocks could increase their dividend payments within the next few months. Vanessa Pulido Dec 21, 2016 12:20 PM EST These four stocks could increase their dividend payments within the next few months. Intel  (INTC) is outperforming in the post-PC world and currently pays 26 cents for its quarterly dividend. Home Depot (HD) is getting a boost from the U.S. housing market and is paying 69 cents for the quarterly dividend. UPS (UPS) is beating out the competition now that shoppers are turning more toward online retail and there's been a lot more mail shipping. UPS is paying 78 cents for its quarterly dividend.  Dollar General (DG) is eyeing a growing footprint. It pays 25 cents for the quarterly dividend.  If you liked this article you might like Dow, S&P 500 and Nasdaq Close Out 2016 With Strong Gains Stocks closed lower on the final trading day of 2016, but all three indices close the year with gains. Valerie Young Jan 1, 2017 2:20 PM EST Week in Review: Trump Rally Fizzles but Stocks End 2016 With Big Gains The post-Trump rally came to an end this week, as the Dow missed its 20,000 milestone and stocks ended lower Friday, while finishing 2016 with big gains. Valerie Young Dec 30, 2016 6:10 PM EST Dow, S&P 500 and Nasdaq Fall as Technology Sector Pulls Markets Down Stocks moved mostly lower on the final day of trading of 2016, but all three indices are poised to close 2016 with gains. Valerie Young Dec 30, 2016 3:17 PM EST Nvidia's 6 Big 'Risks': What Influential Research Firm Citron Gets Right — and Wrong The contrarian research firm led by Andrew Left raises some legitimate concerns about high-flying Nvidia going into 2017. But it also makes some more questionable claims. Eric Jhonsa Dec 30, 2016 11:00 AM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Home Search Skip to content Skip to navigation View mobile version The New York Times Personal Tech|Esports Sees Profit in Attracting Female Gamers Search Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go http://nyti.ms/2ig0aRj Loading... See next articles See previous articles Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Advertisement Supported by Personal Tech Esports Sees Profit in Attracting Female Gamers By GREGORY SCHMIDTDEC. 21, 2016 Continue reading the main story Share This Page Continue reading the main story Photo Stephanie Harvey, a competitive video game player, at the house and training center she shares with her teammates, manager and coach. Credit Jake Michaels for The New York Times. Mark Religioso, a brand manager for the video game publisher Bandai Namco Entertainment, wants more women to be involved in the professional gaming arena known as esports, where players compete in video game tournaments to win thousands of dollars in prize money. So this year, Mr. Religioso began planning “Bonnie and Clyde” tournaments, where esports teams consist of one man and one woman. He also began laying the groundwork for a mentoring program to foster interest in esports among women. “These are baby steps so that we can get more women on the team,” he said. “We need to make the scene a welcoming place.” Mr. Religioso’s efforts are one of several recent moves by video game makers and publishers to increase diversity in esports, which is rapidly becoming one of the video game industry’s most visible segments. As more women play video games, the esports industry is starting to focus on getting more of them involved in professional competition to help the effort expand and become mainstream. Continue reading the main story Advertisement Continue reading the main story Revenue from esports is expected to surpass $1 billion worldwide by 2018, yet the viewership for esports is only 15 percent female, according to the market research firm SuperData. There is little data on the number of women who actually play esports, but anecdotal evidence suggests the figure may be small. Photo Diane Tran at her computer, training for video game competition. Credit Jake Michaels for the New York Times. Efforts to increase diversity in esports go back more than a decade but have started gathering momentum. In 2003, the French esports company Oxent began organizing annual women-only tournaments; 40 teams competed in the 2016 tournament in Paris, an increase of 25 percent over the previous year. Twitch, the Amazon-owned site that livestreams video game play, began hosting Misscliks, a support community for women in gaming, three years ago after some of its founders became dismayed by the lack of women in esports. Twitch also established Inclusivity City, an area for diversity organizations, at its annual convention, TwitchCon, which ran Sept. 30 to Oct. 2 in San Diego. Advertisement Continue reading the main story And this year, apart from Bandai Namco’s efforts, Intel and the esports company ESL partnered to form AnyKey, an advocacy organization that seeks to create support networks and provide opportunities for women in esports. Many women gamers welcome these efforts. With a predominance of professional male players, the culture of the video game industry has long been perceived as misogynistic. Women in esports have frequently faced heckling from teammates and anonymous threats of rape and murder. “It’s an extremely toxic environment for women,” said Stephanie Harvey, 30, who is a top competitor in esports tournaments for the game Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. “To be a woman in esports, you have to have a thick skin.” How effective these efforts will be in drawing more women to esports is uncertain. Although Oxent, which has run the Electronic Sports World Convention for 13 years, has organized women-only tournaments for years for Counter-Strike, there is little evidence that they are encouraging more women to play competitively. Some gamers think the events reinforce the idea that women are not capable of competing with men. Lâm Hua, the head of content at Oxent, said the women-only tournaments were not entirely successful in drawing more women to esports, but after much debate, the company decided that they were “the first step in the grand scheme of women recognition in the sport.” For now, he said, they were “a necessary evil.” Other diversity efforts in esports have focused on normalizing the idea of women in gaming. Anna Prosser Robinson, a programming manager and onscreen personality at Twitch, helped push the company’s diversity initiatives after seeing women rise up, then drop out of esports. “We would see these awesome, compelling women be excited” about esports, she said. “Six months later, they would be gone.” The goal of Misscliks, she said, was to provide support and resources to encourage those women to create a network on Twitch and stay in esports. Ms. Prosser Robinson also helped bring diversity to TwitchCon this year with Inclusivity City, a physical space on the convention floor that hosted several diversity organizations like AnyKey and Hack Harassment, as well as a Smash Sisters tournament for women who play Nintendo’s Super Smash Bros. fighting games. Advertisement Continue reading the main story “Inclusivity is a core value of our brand,” Chase, a Twitch spokesman who goes by one name, said of the diversity effort at the convention. “It was a success this year and definitely something we could consider for next year.” AnyKey, the creation of Intel and ESL to increase the number of women in esports, focuses on two areas. One is research and discussion of the diversity issue, headed by T. L. Taylor, a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and the other is initiatives and solutions, led by Morgan Romine, a former esports player. Photo Coach Erik Stromberg observing his team in a training session. Credit Jake Michaels for The New York Times. AnyKey organized a women-only esports tournament in March at one of the industry’s largest events, the Intel Extreme Masters competition in Katowice, Poland. Ms. Romine said she saw women-only tournaments as a way to strengthen players’ skills and move them into open competition. “There is a lot of work that needs to be done, giving more women confidence and experience in that space,” she said. Mr. Religioso of Bandai Namco said he began noticing the lack of female esports players at regional esports tournaments last spring, like Final Round in Atlanta and Combo Breaker in Chicago. With the growth in esports, he saw an opportunity to reinvigorate interest in the company’s Tekken franchise. Next year, Bandai Namco will release Tekken 7, a one-on-one fighting game that the company hopes will be popular among esports competitors. Women make up about 23 percent of the fan base for the Tekken fighting games, Mr. Religioso said, but few are playing them competitively. Rather than segregate men and women, Mr. Religioso wants them to work together in the “Bonnie and Clyde” tournaments. He also wants to introduce Western audiences to the Tekken Girl’s Club, a mentorship program in Japan in which professional players teach women to master the game’s mechanics. Another solution to encourage more women into esports would be to change the way video games are made and marketed. Stephanie Llamas, director of research and insight at SuperData, said women should be participating more on the business side of the industry and developing games with women in mind. “It’s difficult to understand the demographic if you are not part of that demographic,” she said. Correction: December 23, 2016 An article on Thursday about efforts by video game makers and publishers to increase diversity in esports misidentified the city in California where the TwitchCon convention took place this year. It was in San Diego, not in San Francisco. A version of this article appears in print on December 22, 2016, on Page B6 of the New York edition with the headline: Esports Sees Profit in Attracting Female Gamers. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe Continue reading the main story We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think. What's Next Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Home Search Accessibility concerns? Email us at accessibility@nytimes.com. We would love to hear from you. Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 02:50 GMT, Jan 03, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeOp-Edge Berlin Xmas market attack: Impossible to prevent or security failure? Published time: 20 Dec, 2016 14:07 Get short URL Police stand in front of the truck which ploughed last night into a crowded Christmas market in the German capital Berlin, Germany, December 20, 2016 © Hannibal Hanschke / Reuters While 100 percent security is hard to achieve, it is also ineptitude on the part of the European authorities managing public safety which are to blame for allowing the Berlin Christmas market attack to happen; experts told RT. TrendsBerlin Christmas market attack A truck plowed into a Christmas market in western Berlin on Monday evening killing 12 people and injuring dozens more in what has been called a terrorist attack.  German Chancellor Angela Merkel told reporters on Tuesday: “There is much we still do not know with sufficient certainty but we must, as things stand now, assume it was a terrorist attack.” She also added it would be hard to bear if it turned out that the “person who committed this act was someone who sought protection and asylum.” Read more No doubt Berlin truck incident was terrorist attack – German Interior Ministry Hugh Bronson, a member of the Berlin parliament for AfD told RT that the tragedy would be followed by further “debate about migration and security will further polarize the society.” “The debate will be more aggressive. And we can prepare for a Christmas which is not exactly what we had hoped for,” he said. According to Bronson, “100 percent security is very difficult to achieve” especially in Europe “where we follow a policy of open borders.” “When there is a large crowd coming together to join and to celebrate and to enjoy each other’s company, it will attract people who want to inflict great harm and who want to create terror,” he told RT. The Berlin attack resembles what occurred in July on Bastille Day in Nice, France, said former FBI agent James Conway who is managing director of Global Intel Strategies. “A Christmas market which is a Christian symbol is a classic target for Islamic jihadists. It is the Christmas season, and there have been a lot of threats in respect to the upcoming Christmas season,” he told RT. Ricardo Baretzky, President of European Center for Information Policy, argues that a lack of competency on the part of the authorities managing public security is to blame for the possibility of such a tragedy and for the security situation to deteriorate during the year. “The problem here is that this is not the information or the intelligence, it is the ability to manage the risk in public spaces. Unless they can manage the risk in public spaces, this will escalate one way or another. Because it is not only about a terror threat as such, but it is also about the present risk situation when you are in public spaces. So, there are a lot of factors; there are a lot of signals and this is very dangerous in a sense that if they can’t manage this, it will escalate,” he told RT. Gregory Copley,editor of Defense & Foreign Affairs, said officials were cautious about releasing the details, and motive for the attack as “it would, and it does reflect badly on the German government’s policy of open borders which has allowed the security situation in Germany to deteriorate badly.” “We’ve also seen injunction from ISIS leaders urging their followers to use vehicles and so on to attack the civilian population. We saw results in Nice earlier this year, we’ve seen similar types of attacks, ostensibly lone-wolf or spontaneous attacks in the US. But with the incitement which comes from jihadist or Islamist leaders,” Copley told RT. Is it possible to prevent such attacks? According to Rania Khalek, independent journalist, it doesn’t matter what authorities are doing when they are trying to avoid this kind of attack as the core reason remains the spread of hateful ideology. “There are so many details that are still unclear, but whenever I do see the attacks targeting the West, all I can think is that for the past several years – the US government, the UK government, and the Gulf States like Saudi Arabia, and Turkey, and Qatar have been funding and arming all these different jihadist groups in the Middle East and really empowering this sort of religious extremism and spreading all this hateful ideology and a lot of sectarianism. And you see that coming back and blowing back into the West and particularly in Europe from ISIS-inspired attacks and attacks inspired by Al-Qaeda. Right now, what I see is a bunch of people in the US, especially on the right, blaming Islam like they always do. But there’s absolutely no discussion about the actual hateful ideology that ends up fueling those kinds of attacks,” she told RT. Year of terror: Timeline of attacks in Europe during 2016 https://t.co/O47eV7xCPR— RT (@RT_com) December 20, 2016 There is a larger political, social and economic story here, argues William Robinson, professor of sociology at the University of California, Santa Barbara. Part of that is a “disaster unleashed” by Western governments in the Middle East in the last 15 years. “The problem here is that security measures can only go so far in this type of terrorist attack and in the battle on the one hand between the Western governments and the ire that the Western governments have done, the anger that generated among groups that are prone to turn toward terrorism,” he told RT, adding that the attacks in countries like France and Germany indicate that there was also a lack of security measure being taken by the governments. Another part of the problem, Robinson went on to say, is that “Europe is entering a social, political and economic crisis and upheaval.” That doesn’t help to establish security either, the analyst added. A whole set of measures needs to be applied to improve the situation as “The complete prevention of any of these attacks simply through security measures eventually leads to a police state and the undermining of civil and political rights and freedom,” said Robinson. Radicals “have been trying to hit Berlin for quite some time”, says Jack Rice, former CIA officer and international lawyer. However, in case with Monday’s tragedy, German authorities “have a benefit” because they have a “survivor” – a man who was allegedly steering the truck - and can potentially find out who was behind the attack and why, Rice said.  “The problem that people face is that you can ramp this up, but there’s always a balancing act – you can increase security, you can even increase the powers of the police to try to stop this. But in some ways the more you ramp up some of this, the more you actually may encourage it. It is about trying to figure out how to stop the motivational structure behind this,” he said. Extremists using trucks as opposed to guns or explosives is another challenge security services have now to deal with. “It is different when you are looking for someone with an AK-47, it is different when you are looking for somebody who actually has plastic explosives, when you have something you can look for. At least then you are looking at a very particular chemical signs. What happens when you use something that everybody has? It changes everything,” Rice told RT. The statements, views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of RT. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español The only true 15-inch MacBook Pro alternative is about to get even better Dell's new XPS 15 just got leaked -- complete with never-before-seen Intel and Nvidia chips. Sarah Tew/CNET Laptops by Sean Hollister December 21, 2016 11:29 AM PST @starfire2258 Up Next The robots are coming to CES, and we can't wait to meet them Strange but true -- when we went looking for a Windows alternative to the new 15-inch MacBook Pro, only one laptop stood out. Right now, the Dell XPS 15 is the only machine with portability and performance to match Apple's largest laptop. Problem is, its CPU and graphics are about to be a year out of date. It looks like that will change at this year's CES in January, though, because Dell just leaked the product page for a new XPS 15 -- one with Intel's unreleased quad-core Kaby Lake CPUs and an unannounced Nvidia graphics chip. According to the listing, which has since been pulled but is mostly archived here (first spotted by VideoCardz.com), the XPS 15 will come with your choice of a new quad-core Intel Core i3-7100HQ, i5-7300HQ or i7-7700HQ processor, optional Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050 graphics and an optional fingerprint sensor that can let you log into Windows with a single tap. (Those fingerprint sensors are one of my favorite new laptop features.) We can't say what those new chips are capable of -- they haven't been announced yet, after all -- but if we're lucky that GTX 1050 might support VR. 23 Laptops for every holiday wish list Otherwise, the Dell XPS 15 sounds like it'll be the same excellent machine, with barely there bezels surrounding a beautiful 4K screen and a do-it-all Thunderbolt 3 port for single-cable docking. Plus there's the full-size SD card slot, HDMI and USB ports that the new MacBook Pro ditched, all wrapped up in an aluminum and carbon fiber body that weighs 4 pounds (1.8 kg). To be sure, it's possible the leaked site was inaccurate, and these details could change -- but the new processors, graphics and fingerprint sensor are pretty big things to accidentally add to the page. I'll probably buy one for myself if the price is right come January. Dell didn't immediately reply to a request for comment. Share your voice 0 comments Tags CES 2017 Laptops Dell 9 Design 8 Features 8 Performance 9 Battery CNET Review Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (13-inch, 2016) Apple's Touch Bar -- a thin screen that replaces the function keys on the new MacBrook Pro -- can't compete with the multitouch screen found on iPads and Windows laptops, but it has a lot more promise than you might expect. $1,736.75 See it Related Stories Is there a cash-back option for that store? The Cash Back Button tells you ​Apple working with Consumer Reports on MacBook Pro's battery issue 3 surprising uses for a Mac's Escape key Best laptops of 2016 Close   Discuss: The only true 15-inch MacBook Pro alternative... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: The robots are coming to CES, and we can't wait to meet them Iyaz's Top 5 favorite gadgets The host of "Top 5" lets you know which devices he's thrilled with. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:57 Most anticipated tech coming in 2017 Get a taste of what gadget wonders this year holds in store. by Bridget Carey Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Just In 8mins Militant killed in encounter in Kashmir’s Baramulla district 6hrs Railways see spike in cashless transactions 6hrs Alienation growing in J&K: Vohra 6hrs Demonetisation is yielding results, says Venkaiah 6hrs RSS, BJP leaders to go into a huddle over demonetisation Centre submits report to poll panel on Manipur Jayalalithaa’s absence a political opportunity for BJP: Venkaiah Obama to deliver farewell speech on Jan.10 Trinamool is with Akhilesh: Mukul Roy Party belongs to me, says Mulayam Centre stalling judicial transfers: SC Mulayam stakes claim to SP’s ‘bicycle’ symbol Duterte seeking shift away from the U.S. towards China, says envoy No conclusive evidence of Russian role in hacking: Trump’s spokesman Police officers suspected of beating Rohingyas detained CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD City student makes it to national science fair Share On JUST IN 8mins Militant killed in encounter in Kashmir’s Baramulla district 6hrs Railways see spike in cashless transactions 6hrs Alienation growing in J&K: Vohra 6hrs Demonetisation is yielding results, says Venkaiah 6hrs RSS, BJP leaders to go into a huddle over demonetisation Centre submits report to poll panel on Manipur Jayalalithaa’s absence a political opportunity for BJP: Venkaiah Obama to deliver farewell speech on Jan.10 Trinamool is with Akhilesh: Mukul Roy Party belongs to me, says Mulayam Centre stalling judicial transfers: SC Mulayam stakes claim to SP’s ‘bicycle’ symbol Duterte seeking shift away from the U.S. towards China, says envoy No conclusive evidence of Russian role in hacking: Trump’s spokesman Police officers suspected of beating Rohingyas detained CLOSE Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam 2016 in review News Cities Visakhapatnam Visakhapatnam City student makes it to national science fair Special Correspondent VISAKHAPATNAM: December 22, 2016 01:25 IST Updated: December 22, 2016 01:25 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Special Correspondent VISAKHAPATNAM: December 22, 2016 01:25 IST Updated: December 22, 2016 01:25 IST more-in D. Sree Harshini of Sri Prakash Vidya Niketan has brought laurels to her school by making her way into the National Level Science Fair, conducted by The Initiative for Research and Innovation in Science (IRIS), Department of Science and Technology, Government of India (DST), the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) and Intel Education. She presented her project in an innovative manner on Dermatoglyphics – a project related to behavioural sciences. The exhibition is being organised from Dec 21 to 23, 2016, at IISER, Pune, with the objective of providing a common platform to students to give shape to their innovative ideas and increase their awareness in science. The project aims to investigate and study the relationship between finger ridges, ATD angle of palm of students in the age group of 11 to 15 years with their intellectual abilities in both realistic and co-scholastic areas. School Director Chitturi Vasu Prakash congratulated Sree Harshini on her achievement. More In Visakhapatnam education Related Articles << Previous Story Phone call helps police crack murder case Next Story >> SNC chief on a 3-day visit to ENC Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Printable version | Jan 3, 2017 8:20:23 AM | http://www.thehindu.com/news/cities/Visakhapatnam/City-student-makes-it-to-national-science-fair/article16921195.ece © The Hindu Vizag-Vijayawada double decker train soon The double decker train, sanctioned between Visakhapatnam-Vijayawada, will soon begin its run, according to Union Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu.The M Special Correspondent Top Picks in The Hindu today 2016: poor 2017: good, on paper Matunga police celebrate “Mummy’s” birthday In Valley, jawans turn to ‘jugaad’ to safeguard their vehicles Shakespeare’s ‘Hamlet’ was dated wrongly? For men in uniform, panoply of duplicates Meet Ritu Phogat, the most expensive Indian woman wrestler at Pro-Wrestling League Tech predictions for 2017 Manipur blockade: Timeline British woman live streams labour on Facebook Now, apply for Haj using app Close X Next Story >> SNC chief on a 3-day visit to ENC Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2016, The Hindu
null
  Processors PC Cases Video Cards Motherboards Storage Mobile Memory Cooling Misc News Home | Forum | Shop | RSS Search Legit Reviews Press Releases  Elitegroup and Intel Steal the Show at CES with 200 Series Motherboards Elitegroup and Intel Steal the Show at CES with 200 Series Motherboards Posted by Steven Kean | Wed, Dec 21, 2016 - 5:32 PM Elitegroup and Intel Steal the Show at CES with 200 Series Motherboards December 21, 2016 [Taiwan－Taipei］The globally acclaimed leading brand of motherboards, mini PCs, notebooks and mobile devices – Elitegroup Computer Systems will pair up with Intel to showcase next generation 200 Series motherboards during CES 2017. Light and Sound Extravaganza to Turn on Gamers In order to deliver the best gaming experience, Elitegroup has focused on optimizing the performance and compatibility of their motherboards. After ceaseless testing and debugging, Z270 LIGHTSABER is finally ready for its debut to satisfy the PC master race. Z270 LIGHTSABER belongs to LEET gaming series, so the research and development team of Elitegroup took gamers’ opinions into account and added LEET Superior Audio II. This crisp audio solution for gamers eliminates electromagnetic interferences through the shortest routing design and isolation of the audio processing corner on the PCB. Moreover, the stereo system grade capacitors contribute to instilling lifelike acoustics. Meanwhile, the embedded amplifiers allow audiophiles to power high impedance headphones. As for the core, the 120db SNR audio chip makes sound localization easier with strong and crisp audio effects. To add icing on the cake for gaming zealots, the LEDs planted within the PCB isolation area flickers in accordance with the bassline. ECS Z270 Lightsaber Optimized Network for Gamers Elitegroup leads the industry with Killer E2500 LAN chips that are dedicated to gaming. Configure the priority of network packets with the new Killer Control Center, and never let your gaming performance be hindered by others who are torrenting or watching YouTube videos. Furthermore, with the exclusive Flash DiGi Power technology which is based on a 14 power phase design, the digital VRM and DURATHON II complement each other, striking the perfect balance between power efficiency and performance, and also resulting in perfect compatibility with Intel Optance technology. Unlocking the full potential of Intel seventh-generation processors, and easily breaking the 3200MHz mark of memory modules. ECS Z270 Lightsaber Perfect Build with High Compatibility Another attraction of CES will be the mini-ITX Z270H4-I motherboard. It’s no secret that the compatibility of the mini-ITX motherboard, heat sink, memory, graphics card, case and other components is the hardest part of building a small system, so the engineers at Elitegroup has designed this motherboard to make the most out of the tiny space. No matter whether users are building with tower fans, memory modules with heat sinks or all sorts of mini-ITX cases, the enhanced compatibility grants users the freedom of choosing whatever components they want. ECS Z270H4-I In the meantime, Elitegroup engineers worked magic to place a native NVME M.2 socket on the backside of the PCB. Besides supporting 2242 / 2260 / 2280 form factors, it is also fully compatible with Intel Optance technology for bringing ridiculously fast file transfer speed. Another M.2 2242 socket may be found on the front side. By installing an 802.11ac 2.0 WiFi module and pairing it with an 802.11ac Triple E wireless router, users may experience the latest MU-MIMMO technology, and never suffer from web traffic, connection timeout or crashes. Miniature Size that Meets Future Needs Despite the compact size of Z270H4-I, it is designed with LEET Superior Audio as well,  providing users low distortion, high definition, and extra smooth sound quality. Plus an S/PDIF interface for connecting your speakers to enjoy the delights of 4K blue-ray. ECS Z270H4-I Over and above, Z270H4-I is packed with USB Type-C, so users may connect their smartphones, tablets or other devices seamlessly, and marvel at the advanced speed of quick charging and data transferring. Moreover, users are able to setup intranet and internet connections simultaneously via the dual GbE LAN design. About ECS ECS, Elitegroup Computer Systems, was established in 1987. In recent years, ECS’s main focus has expanded from motherboards to All-in-One PCs, notebook computers, Mini PC and other mobile products. ECS is strongly committed to developing cutting-edge technology in order to create innovative products under environmentally friendly designs. ECS’s comprehensive quality control system ensures all of ECS products can be counted on for stability and reliability. Visit http://www.ecs.com.tw to learn more. Check out LegitReviews' Polls on LockerDome on LockerDome Tweets by @LegitReviews Explore Editorial Events Interviews News Forum Folding Shop Content Bluetooth Cooling Editorial Events Interviews Memory Misc Mobile Mods and Ends Motherboards News PC Cases Power Supply Press Releases Processors Reviews Storage Video Cards About Contact Us Disclaimer About Us Follow Us         Copyright © 2002-2017 LegitReviews.com - All Rights Reserved.  
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Happy Holidays: Linux Mint get a major upgrade The best Linux desktop just got even better. By Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols for Linux and Open Source | December 20, 2016 -- 21:04 GMT (13:04 PST) | Topic: Enterprise Software If you've been a good Linux user this year, Santa has a great new present for you in his bag: Linux Mint 18.1 "Serena." Linux Mint 18.1 is the best desktop available today. Not best "Linux" desktop. Best desktop period. With this long-term support Linux desktop, which is based on Ubuntu 16.04, Linux Mint is better than ever. Since I've already found Linux Mint 18 to be the best desktop out there of any sort, that's saying something. read this ​Microsoft's love affair with Linux deepens After testing the waters for years, Microsoft has launched its first service, Azure Cloud Switch, that's based on Linux. Read More Why? For starters, at long last you can automatically update Linux Mint. In the past, you had to manually replace Mint while keeping your personal files in a home directory located on another partition. Most other Linux distributions enabled you to avoid this problem. Now, Mint has jumped on the the easy upgrade bandwagon as well. To do this, all you need to do is to update your existing Linux Mint installation with the latest patches. Then, simply run (from your Cinnamon or MATE desktop): Update Manager > Edit > Upgrade to Linux Mint 18.1 This feature isn't ready yet for Mint with the KDE or Xfce desktops. It will be available in early 2017. I tried this method myself on my main desktop, an older Dell XPS 8300. This PC has a 3.4GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor, 8GB of RAM, and an AMD/ATI Radeon HD 5770 graphic card. The upgrade ran smoothly and flawlessly. I haven't had a single problem with any of my already installed programs. I also really liked Mint's update of its default desktop: Cinnamon. The new Cinnamon 3.2 has many small improvements. For example, the new screensaver has been rewritten from scratch. This has made it both faster and more responsive. It also has a couple of nice new features, such as enabling you to see your battery's status from the screensaver. If you're an Ubuntu Unity desktop fan, you can also now place your panels on the side of the screen. You can now place your panels and menubars on the side of the Linux Mint Cinnamon desktop. As usual, Mint has also updated its default programs. So, for instance, the office suite is now LibreOffice 5.1.4.2. The one major application change is that Mint is dropping the no longer maintained Banshee media player with Rhythmbox. I'm sorry to see Banshee go; it was the good end-user Mono .NET framework Linux program. Without a patch since 2014, however, it was time to drop it. While I'm running Mint on an old, but fast, computer, Mint still runs on old computers you might find at a yard sale. You only need 512MB of RAM to run it, although 1GB is recommended. You can fit Mint on a 10GB hard-drive, although 20GB is recommended. As for a display, you can run it on 1024×768 resolution. On newer systems, with Unified Extensible Firmware Interface (UEFI) instead of BIOS, you should have no trouble installing or running Mint. The Mint team reports that you might need to turn off Windows specific Secure Boot, but I haven't had any trouble running Mint side-by-side on my Secure Boot enabled Windows systems. Once more, I find myself really enjoying running Mint. Unlike so many other new and "improved" operating systems -- I'm looking at you Windows 10 Anniversary Update and macOS Sierra -- Linux Mint just keeps working. It doesn't fail the way Windows 10 has been with cumulative upgrades since the Anniversary Update. Instead, it just keeps working. Equally important, Mint doesn't require me to learn anything new to do my same old jobs. Yes, it's new and improved, but I don't have to change my work habits to get its benefits. Other desktop operating designers could learn from Mint. Want to see why I like it so much? You can download Mint today in both 32- and 64-bit versions with either the Cinnamon or MATE desktops. Related Stories: Linux Mint 18: The best desktop - period How to install Linux Mint on your Windows PC Has your Linux Mint desktop been backdoored? Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Enterprise Software ​Commonwealth defends Centrelink data matching bungle as working 'incredibly well' CXO Who controls the marketing tech stack in 2017: The CIO or CMO? Enterprise Software Tencent and NavInfo buy into Here maps and form Chinese joint venture Windows 10 Windows 10 tip: More hibernation secrets to save time and disk space × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Top 20 Cyber Security Companies 2015: Analysis of Leading Players, Competitive Positioning & Future Market Opportunities News provided by ReportBuyer Dec 19, 2016, 18:25 ET Share this article LONDON, Dec. 19, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Report Details The latest report from business intelligence provider visiongain offers comprehensive analysis of the top 20 cyber security companies revealing their revenues and market share derived from the $80.7bn cyber security market. Now: The latest announcement that the cyber security pact between the US and China agreed to in September has not prevented Chinese hackers from continuing their efforts to steal intellectual property from US companies, has led visiongain to publish this unique report, which is crucial to your companies. This is an example of the business critical headline that you need to know about - and more importantly, you need to read visiongain's objective analysis of how this will impact your company and the industry more broadly. How are you and your company responding to this news? Are you sufficiently informed? How this report will benefit you Read on to discover how you can exploit the future business opportunities emerging in this sector. Visiongain's new study tells you and tells you NOW. In this brand new report you will receive 472 in-depth tables, charts and graphs PLUS 4 EXCLUSIVE interviews with experts from Kaspersky Lab, Honeywell International, IBM and Dell – all unavailable elsewhere. The 421 page report provides clear detailed insight of the top 20 companies in the cyber security market. It reveals the key activities and performance of these companies in cyber security as well as detailed insight into how current threats to cyber security and requirements for solutions are shaping individual business strategy. By ordering and reading our brand new report today you will be better informed and ready to act. Report Scope - Detailed profiles of the top 20 cyber security companies revealing their cyber security revenues, market share and top 20 ranking - BAE Systems plc - Check Point Software Technologies Ltd - Cisco Systems Inc - Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Ltd (DTTL) - EMC Corporation - Ernst & Young Global Ltd (EY) - Fortinet Inc - General Dynamics Corporation - Hewlett Packard Company - International Business Machines (IBM) Corporation - Intel Corporation - Kaspersky Lab - L-3 Communications Corporation - Leidos Inc - Lockheed Martin Corporation - Northrop Grumman Corporation - PWC - Raytheon Company - Symantec Corporation - Trend Micro Inc - Each profile contains tables and charts detailing key financial performance indicators - Detailed tables for a total of 113 cyber security contracts - Each profile contains contract, services, product and M&A information - Detailed analysis of company performance and activities, identifying how cyber security threats and protection requirements are influencing business strategy - Analysis of the key factors, threats and security solutions that are driving the cyber security market - 472 detailed tables, charts and figures - 4 Interviews with key opinion leaders informing and underpinning the analysis: - Alexander Erofeev, Chief Marketing Officer, Kaspersky Lab - Jeff Zindel, Global Cyber Security Business Leader, and Erick Knapp, Director of Cyber Security Solutions and Technology, Honeywell International Inc - John Burnham, Director of Strategic Communications, IBM Security Systems - Julia Pope, Analyst Relations Lead, Dell Inc Who should read this report? - Anyone within the cyber security industry - CEO's - COO's - CIO's - Business development managers - Marketing managers - Technologists - Suppliers - Investors - Banks - Government agencies - Contractors How will you benefit from this report? - This report will keep your cyber security knowledge base up to speed. Don't get left behind - This report will reinforce strategic decision decision-making based upon definitive and reliable market data - You will learn how to exploit new technological trends - You will be able to realise your company's full potential within the market through competitive landscape analysis - You will better understand the competitive landscape and identify potential new business opportunities & partnerships with leading companies in cyber security Visiongain's study is intended for anyone requiring commercial analyses for the leading companies in the cyber security market. You will find data, financial performance, contracts and analyses of these companies. Buy our report today Top 20 Cyber Security Companies 2015: Analysis of Leading Players, Competitive Positioning & Future Market Opportunities. Avoid missing out by staying informed – order our report now. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/3421852/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/top-20-cyber-security-companies-2015-analysis-of-leading-players-competitive-positioning--future-market-opportunities-300381584.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Dec 19, 2016, 18:26 ET Preview: Hand Dryers Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2015 - 2023 Dec 19, 2016, 18:24 ET Preview: Oligonucleotide Synthesis Market by Product & Services, Application, End user - Forecasts to 2021 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Dec 19, 2016, 21:56 ETDepartment Stores Retailing in the Americas, 2015-2020 Dec 19, 2016, 21:55 ETInstant Noodles Market - Industry Trends, Manufacturing Process,... Explore More news releases in similar topics High Tech Security Computer Electronics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Top 20 Cyber Security Companies 2015: Analysis of Leading Players, Competitive Positioning & Future Market Opportunities News provided by ReportBuyer Dec 19, 2016, 18:25 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 20, 2016December 20, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Freedom to Control – Meet the DDJ-SZ2 Controller With Dedicated Controls for New Serato DJ Features TORRANCE, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Pioneer DJ has upgraded their flagship Serato DJ controller to create the DDJ-SZ2. Use the new DDJ-SZ2 4-channel controller to get hands-on with the latest additions to Serato DJ, including key shift, key sync, pitch play and Serato Flip. The multi-colored Performance Pads give you instant feedback on pad modes and playing statuses, and thanks to the improved jog wheel latency, scratching is more responsive and precise than ever. To help you get the most out of the controller, the DDJ-SZ2 comes bundled with the latest version of Serato DJ. The Pitch ‘n Time DJ and Serato Flip expansion packs are also included so you can use several new features including pitch play and key sync. The DDJ-SZ2 will be available in the U.S.A. and Canada in January 2017, with a retail price of $1,999.00. Watch the DDJ-SZ2 introduction video. Learn more about the DDJ-SZ2 controller for Serato DJ. FREE SERATO VIDEO EXPANSION PACK PROMOTION We’re putting a voucher for a free Serato Video expansion pack in the boxes of the first 3,000 DDJ-SZ2 controllers that we ship worldwide. This comes along with the Serato DJ, Pitch ‘n Time DJ and Serato Flip expansion packs bundled with the controller as standard, so if you’re one of the first DJs to buy the DDJ-SZ2, you’ll have full control of audio and video performances. KEY FEATURES OF THE DDJ-SZ2 1. Layout mirrors CDJ-style set-up Mix and scratch instinctively on the controller, which looks and feels similar to a full professional CDJ + DJM set-up. Big Jogs: Scratching feels natural on the big jog wheels taken from the CDJ-2000NXS2, and the illuminating On-Jog Display gives you information about the current playback status and position for more precise performances. Jog Feeling Adjust, also from the CDJ series, lets you customize the resistance and backspin time. Multi-colored Performance Pads: Use the large, multi-colored tactile Performance Pads to trigger Hot Cues, samples and FX. Hit the pads harder to increase the volume of samples and watch their colors change as they indicate the selected pad mode and playing status. DJM-style mixer section: Stay in control at all times thanks to the simple layout of the mixer section which mirrors the design of the DJM series. 2. Dual USB port for smooth DJ changeovers Dual USB ports lets you hook up two computers at the same time and use the top-loaded A/B switch for seamless DJ transitions. 3. Native support and dedicated controls for new Serato DJ features Key shift, key sync and pitch play: Use dedicated controls to trigger the new key shift and key sync functions in Serato DJ, which let you adjust the key of tracks and sync the keys of tracks during mixes. Pitch play lets you play your Hot Cues across a range of different keys and assign them to the controller’s Performance Pads. Serato Flip: Create and save Hot Cue sequences to make custom edits of your tracks and use the dedicated Serato Flip controls to play them back at the touch of a button. Get even more creative by skipping or repeating track sections on the fly. 4. Professional performance features and FX Sound Color FX: Spice up your sets with the four popular Sound Color FX from our DJM series; Echo, Jet, Pitch and Filter. You can sync Echo with the BPM of the track that’s playing. Oscillator: Add texture and tension to your tracks with the four oscillator sounds; Noise, Drop, Laser and Siren. Turn the oscillator parameter knob to create new tones. 5. Magvel crossfader The Magvel crossfader – taken from the club standard DJM-900NXS2 – is the ultimate to mix and scratch with. Accurate and smooth, it’s durable for more than 10 million movements and is liquid and dust resistant. 6. High-quality sound Hear your tracks loud and clear thanks to the audio circuit inherited from professional Pioneer DJ gear. Contact resistance is reduced by the AC inlet, and the high-performance D/A converter made by Cirrus Logic, Inc., and low jitter oscillator mean the DDJ-SZ2 reproduces clear and powerful sound that’s faithful to its source. 7. Other features Plug and play: Simply connect your laptop and start mixing via Serato DJ. All buttons and controls, as well as the built-in sound card, are Serato DJ-ready. Aluminium-finished top panel and jog wheels: For a quality look and feel. Slip Mode: Silently keeps a track playing during a loop, scratch or Hot Cue. Release the jog wheel and the track comes back at exactly the right place. Needle search pad: Instantly jump to a specific part of a track with a simple touch of the pad. Peak limiter: Controls clipping of the master output. P-Lock Fader Cap: Locks all fader knobs to prevent dropping.   DDJ-SZ2 SPECIFICATIONS           DDJ-SZ2 Software     Serato DJ Input ports     CD/Line x 4 (RCA) Phono x 2 (RCA) MIC x 2 (XLR & ¼-inch TRS Jack x 1, ¼-inch TRS Jack x 1) Output ports     Master Out x 2 (RCA x 1, XLR x 1), Booth Out x 1 (¼-inch Stereo Phone Jack) Headphone Monitor Out x 2 (Front ¼-inch TRS Jack, 3.5 mm Stereo Mini Jack)   Other ports     USB (Type B) x 2 Sampling Rate     44.1 kHz D/A Converter     24-bit A/D Converter     24-bit Frequency response     20Hz ～ 20kHz (LINE) Total Harmonic Distortion ratio     0.002% or less (USB) 0.004% or less (LINE) S/N ratio     111 dB or above (USB) Headroom     19 dB Maximum dimensions （W×H×D）     870 x 98.4 x 419.5 mm (34.3 x 3.9 x 16.5 in) Unit weight     10.7 kg (23.6 lbs)     SERATO DJ SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS   Compatible OS （Windows®）   Windows® 10, 8.1, 7 (The latest service pack) Compatible OS （Mac）   macOS Sierra 10.12, OS X 10.11, 10.10, 10.9 (Updated to the latest version) CPU (32/64 bit)   Intel® processor CoreTM i7, i5 or above Memory   4GB or more of RAM Serato Video requires a graphics card with 384MB of dedicated video memory Display resolution   Resolution of 1280 x 720 or greater   * Serato DJ is a registered trademark of Serato Audio Research Ltd. * Windows is a registered trademark or a trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. * Mac and Mac OS are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. * Intel and Intel Core are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries. * The names of companies, product names, and technology names mentioned herein are the trademarks of their respective owners. About Pioneer DJ Pioneer DJ Americas, Inc. is the subsidiary of Pioneer DJ Corporation responsible for sales and marketing in North, Central, and South America. For more than 20 years, Pioneer DJ has been a market leader in the design and production of innovative DJ equipment and software. The company works closely with DJs and clubs to deliver next generation products that inspire and shape the global dance music community. Its portfolio includes brands such as Pioneer Professional Audio and Pioneer DJ Radio, rekordbox dj software, as well as social platforms KUVO and DJsounds. Pioneer DJ Corporation is a privately held company headquartered in Yokohama, Japan. Website: www.pioneerdj.com Stay up to date: www.pioneerdj.com/news Follow us on: Facebook at facebook.com/PioneerDJUSA Instagram at instagram.com/PioneerDJUSA Twitter at twitter.com/PioneerDJ YouTube at youtube.com/pioneerdjglobal Other Channels: www.rekordbox.com www.kuvo.com www.pioneerproaudio.com www.djsounds.com www.pioneerdjradio.com CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious TBC Bank of Georgia Increases Loan Approval Rate by 40 Percent Using FICO Technology Next PostNext 花旗集團委任私人銀行、企業及投資銀行亞太區業務發展主管 Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 香港大都會人壽於《指標》財富管理大獎 2016 勇奪8項殊榮 January 3, 2017 Samsung Electronics Unveils Family Hub 2.0 and Smart Built-in Appliances at CES 2017 January 3, 2017 Coast Guard assists disabled vessel in Morris Cove, Conn. January 3, 2017 MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 12 January 2017. 6pm 26 January 2017. 6pm 09 February 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 12 January 2017. 6pm 26 January 2017. 6pm 09 February 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CNSX COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX ISDX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing Market Briefing - US markets ended in the green yesterday, led by gains in telecom, real estate and technology firms. Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:24 20 Dec 2016 ., December 20 2016 UK Market Snapshot UK markets finished mixed yesterday. The FTSE 100 index posted small gains, amid a sharp decline in the Pound. Exporters, Imperial Brands and Reckitt Benckiser Group advanced 1.8% and 2.7%, respectively. Precious metal miners, Polymetal International and Randgold Resources rose 1.3% and 2.3%, respectively, on higher gold prices. BP added 0.2%, after it signed an agreement worth $2.2 billion for a 10.0% stake in the Abu Dhabi Company for Onshore Petroleum Operation’s (ADCO) oil concessions. On the losing side, Ashtead Group tumbled 4.8%, after a leading broker downgraded its rating on the stock to ‘Sell’ from ‘Neutral’. Barclays declined 2.7%, amid news that the lender is preparing to tell its 7,000 business clients to increase their trading or find another bank. Peers, Royal Bank of Scotland Group and Standard Chartered dropped 2.0% and 2.8%, respectively. The FTSE 100 rose 0.1%, to close at 7,017.2, while the FTSE 250 slipped marginally, to settle at 17,782.4. US Market Snapshot US markets ended in the green yesterday, led by gains in telecom, real estate and technology firms. Apple, Intel and Microsoft gained 0.6%, 1.6% and 2.1%, respectively. Allied World Assurance Co Holdings surged 13.1%, after Fairfax Financial Holdings, down 2.1%, agreed to purchase the former in a cash and share deal for $4.9 billion. United Technologies advanced 2.1%, following a broker upgrade on the stock to ‘Outperform’ from ‘Neutral’ who also raised its price target to $125.0 from $108.0. Walt Disney rose 1.3%, after its ‘Rogue One: A Star Wars Story’ movie collected an estimated amount of $155.0 million in the US and Canadian markets over the weekend, scoring the second biggest ever for a December opening. The S&P 500 edged up 0.2%, to settle at 2,262.5. The DJIA rose 0.2%, to settle at 19,883.1, while the NASDAQ gained 0.4%, to close at 5,457.4. Europe Market Snapshot Other European markets closed mostly lower yesterday, dragged down a slump in banking shares. Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena plummeted 11.0%, after the troubled Italian lender announced that it will launch a share sale programme to raise about €5.0 billion by the end of the year to avoid a rescue by the Italian Government. Deutsche Bank declined 3.7%, after a leading broker downgraded its rating on the stock to ‘Sell’ from ‘Hold’. Meanwhile, news emerged that the lender might reach a deal to settle its claims with the US Department of Justice over mis-selling of mortgage-backed securities. Danone shed 1.4%, as it trimmed its sales outlook for the full year. The FTSEurofirst 300 index shed 0.1%, to close at 1,422.7. Among other European markets, the German DAX Xetra 30 added 0.2%, to close at 11,426.7, while the French CAC-40 eased 0.2%, to settle at 4,822.8. Asia Market Snapshot Markets in Asia are trading mostly higher this morning. In Japan, the Bank of Japan (BoJ) kept its benchmark interest rates unchanged and its 10-year Japanese Government bond yield target at around 0.0%. Oil giants, Japan Petroleum Exploration and Inpex have dipped 3.1% and 3.2%, respectively. Auto exporters, Toyota Motor, Suzuki Motor and Mazda Motor have declined 0.6%, 2.0% and 2.4%, respectively. In Hong Kong, brokers, Haitong Securities and CITIC Securities have slid 1.2% and 1.5%, respectively. Lenders, Bank of China and HSBC Holdings have dipped 0.9% and 2.2%, respectively. In South Korea, index majors, POSCO and Samsung Electronics have gained 0.8% and 1.1%, respectively. The Nikkei 225 index is trading 0.2% higher at 19,432.8. The Hang Seng index is trading 0.3% down at 21,769.2, while the Kospi index is trading 0.3% higher at 2,043.7. Key Corporate Announcements Today AGMs DotDigital Group, Gfinity, JPMorgan Japanese Inv Trust, JPMorgan Japan Smaller Companies, Schroder Income Growth Fund, Westmount Energy Ltd., Applied Graphene Materials Plc, British Empire Trust, Artilium EGMs Record, Tritax Big Box REIT Interim Dividend Payment Date Creston, E2V Technologies, NB Distressed Debt Investment Fund Limited, NB Distressed Debt Investment Fund Limited Ext Shs, NB Distressed Debt Investment Fund Limited Red Ord Key Corporate Announcements for Tomorrow AGMs Minds + Machines Group Limited (DI), Syqic, Uranium Resources, VinaCapital Vietnam Opportunity Fund Ltd., Blue Star Capital EGMs Bank Audi S.A.L. GDR (Repr 1'Com'Shr Lbp1650)(Reg S), Charles Stanley, Empiric Student Property Final Dividend Payment Date Smart (J) & Co. Interim Dividend Payment Date Investec, JPMorgan Elect Managed Growth Shares, JPMorgan Elect Managed Income Shares, JPMorgan Global Convertibles Income Fund Ltd Special Ex-Dividend Payment Date Canadian General Investments Ltd. Quarterly Payment Date UIL Limited (DI) Quarterly Ex-Dividend Date Total SA Trading Announcements Public Power GDR SA (Reg S) Commodity, Currency and Fixed Income Snapshots Crude Oil At 0430GMT today, Brent Crude Oil one month futures contract is trading 0.11% or $0.06 lower at $54.86 per barrel, ahead of the American Petroleum Institute’s weekly oil inventory data, scheduled to be released later today. Yesterday, the contract declined 0.53% or $0.29, to settle at $54.92 per barrel, reversing its gains from the prior session. Gold At 0430GMT today, Gold futures contract is trading 0.08% or $0.90 lower at $1139.60 per ounce. Yesterday, the contract advanced 0.46% or $5.20, to settle at $1140.50 per ounce, extending its gains from the last session. Currency At 0430GMT today, the EUR is trading marginally higher against the USD at $1.0402, ahead of the Germany’s producer price index for November, slated to release in some time. Moreover, the Eurozone’s current account data for October, due to release today, will be monitored by traders. Yesterday, the EUR weakened 0.43% versus the USD, to close at $1.0402. Meanwhile, economic data showed that German Ifo business climate index jumped to its highest level since February 2014 in December. At 0430GMT today, the GBP is trading a tad lower against the USD at $1.2395. Yesterday, the GBP fell 0.71% versus the USD, to close at $1.2398. Meanwhile, International Trade Secretary, Liam Fox, indicated that he was open to a transitional Brexit deal though remained cautious about signing up to too many of the EU’s regulations. In other news, the US Markit services sector growth slowed in December from last month. Fixed Income In the US, long term treasury prices rose and pushed yields lower, following news of the assassination of the Russian ambassador to Turkey, raising geopolitical uncertainties. Yesterday, yield on 10-year notes plunged 6 basis points to 2.54%, while yield on 2-year notes declined 4 basis points to 1.24%. Meanwhile, 30-year bond yield plummeted 7 basis points to 3.12%. Key Economic News Euro-zone labour cost rose in 3Q 2016 In the Euro-zone, labour cost climbed 1.50% in 3Q 2016 on a quarterly basis. Labour cost had advanced 1.00% in the prior quarter. Euro-zone construction output advanced in October On a monthly basis, the seasonally adjusted construction output in the Euro-zone advanced 0.80% in October. Construction output had registered a revised drop of 0.80% in the prior month. German Ifo current assessment index climbed in December The Ifo current assessment index recorded a rise to 116.60 in Germany, in December, compared to a reading of 115.60 in the previous month. Markets were anticipating the Ifo current assessment index to climb to 115.90. German Ifo business expectations index advanced in December In December, the Ifo business expectations index in Germany recorded a rise to 105.60, in line with market expectations. In the prior month, the Ifo business expectations index had recorded a level of 105.50. German Ifo business climate index advanced in December The Ifo business climate index registered a rise to 111.00 in December, in Germany, compared to market expectations of an advance to 110.60. The Ifo business climate index had registered a level of 110.40 in the previous month. US Markit services PMI declined surprisingly in December In the US, the preliminary Markit services PMI eased unexpectedly to 53.40 in December, compared to market expectations of an advance to 55.20. Markit services PMI had registered a reading of 54.60 in the previous month. US Markit composite PMI fell in December In December, the preliminary Markit composite PMI registered a drop to 53.70 in the US. Markit composite PMI had registered a reading of 54.90 in the previous month. BoJ left key interest rate unchanged at -0.10%, upgraded economic outlook The BoJ maintained its benchmark interest rate at -0.10%, meeting market expectations. The BoJ kept monetary policy steady and took a more positive view of the economy, strengthening market expectations that its future policy direction could be an increase in interest rates rather than a rate cut. The central bank also warned that inflation expectations remain weak and risks to the outlook abound, ranging from developments in the Chinese and US economies to Brexit and geopolitical uncertainties. . Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any research has been produced by an independent third party provider. Further details can be provided on request. Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report. However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report. This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete. The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice. Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell. The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report. Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions. Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio. Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing www.guardianstockbrokers.com Pre Market Briefing informs you of what is happening before the market opens. We believe our Pre Market Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Pre market briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
Tuesday 3 Jan 2017 / Tehran - 06:20 / GMT - 02:50 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Technology Tue Dec 20, 2016 12:49 Samsung Claims Sleek New Laptops Are Lightest on Market, at Just 1.8lbs Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- Samsung may not be keeping its PC division around too much longer—the company stopped selling PCs in Europe a few years ago, and rumors abound that it wants to sell the division to Lenovo. But, for now, the company is still making PCs, and, ahead of CES, Samsung has announced a couple with the bold claim that they're the lightest on the market. The new Notebook 9 comes in a 13.3-inch and 15-inch version, with the smaller of the two weighing just 1.8lbs. That's a full pound less than our current laptop pick, the HP Spectre x360, and it even comes in 0.2lbs less than Apple's MacBook. Indeed, even the 15-inch version, at 2.17lbs, comes in at a lower weight than these 13-inch competitors. The new Samsungs are thin, too; 14.9mm for the large screen, 13.9mm for the small one. If thin and light are what you crave above all else, Samsung's hardware is worth looking at. On the inside, the Notebook 9 uses (unspecified) Intel Kaby Lake i5 and i7 processors. We assume these are ultra low-power Y series parts. While the different-size screens offer different diagonals, they seem to be otherwise equivalent: 1920×1080, 350 nits brightness with a 500 nit "outdoor mode." Unusually, Samsung claims them to be high dynamic range screens, though the company does not specify if they support HDR-10 or some other specification. At 13.3 inches, you get a SATA SSD, up to 256GB, and up to 16GB RAM; at 15 inches, you get upgraded to an NVMe SSD and up to 256GB, though oddly the spec sheet says that this only goes up to 8GB RAM. Both include 2×2 802.11ac, Bluetooth 4.1, a 720p webcam, and an integrated fingerprint reader with Windows Hello support. Both devices also include two USB 3.1 generation 1 ports, one USB Type-C port that's also used for charging, an HDMI port, a microSD reader, and a headset jack. The 15-inch device adds a USB 2 port into the mix. The lack of Thunderbolt 3 means they don't hit all our desired features, and the use of SATA on the 13-inch device is also a little disappointing. Given the light weight and slim size, don't be surprised to find a compromise somewhere. That's the battery. Both systems come only with a 30Wh battery, with even Samsung only estimating seven hours of battery life. Those competing systems may weigh a pound more, but they're boasting three-to-six more hours of life away from an outlet in return. As partial compensation, the Notebook 9's battery supports fast charging; a full charge can be done in 80 minutes, and more than two hours worth can be added in 20 minutes. The Notebook 9 doesn't appear too picky about its charger, either; Samsung says that even smartphone chargers that support USB Type-C will be able to charge it (though obviously at a slower rate than the 45W charger that Samsung provides). Pricing and availability haven't been revealed yet. We expect to hear more at CES.         LATEST STORIES (8) Iraqi Chopper Striking ISIL Positions Near Tal Afar Saudi Arabia's Costly War on Yemen and Its Great Losses in 2016 Iraqi Special Forces Recapture Another Neighborhood in Eastern Mosul Iraqi Special Forces Evacuate Civilians from Danger Zone in Mosul Elite Iraqi Forces in Battle with ISIL Militants in Mosul Mosul Operations: ISIL Terrorists Scatter in Fear After Tough Offensive by Iraqi Popular Forces Over 32 Killed, 61 Wounded as Blast Hits Sadr City Area of Baghdad Iran Opens Line of Small Caliber Ammunition NIOC Approves Qualification of 29 Foreign Energy Firms for Int'l Tenders Eternal Condemnation: Marking the First Anniversary of Sheikh Nimr’s Execution by Riyadh Turkey Mourns Victims of Istanbul Nightclub Attack Official: Iran's Petchem Exports to Hit 20mln Tons by Yearend Fabulous Fireworks Across World Greet 2017 Iran Ups Steel Exports by 51 Percent in 8 Months Damascus: Militants in One More Town Joining Peace Agreement with Syrian Gov't Iraqi Chopper Striking ISIL Positions Near Tal Afar TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi choppers struck at ISIL gathering positions near Tal Afar, West of Mosul. [VIDEO] Saudi Arabia's Costly War on Yemen and Its Great Losses in 2016 TEHRAN (FNA)- The Saudi campaign was launched in 2015 with the aim of reinstating Yemen’s former president Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, but it has been unsuccessful in achieving its goal after two years of unfair war. [VIDEO] Iraqi Special Forces Recapture Another Neighborhood in Eastern Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi forces achieved more victories by recapturing the Al-Intisar area in Eastern Mosul during their ongoing military operation against ISIL terrorists. [PHOTOS] Iraqi Special Forces Evacuate Civilians from Danger Zone in Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi special forces evacuated civilians from Al-Methaq neighborhood in Mosul to a safer location while advancing to more districts in the Eastern parts of the city. [PHOTOS] Elite Iraqi Forces in Battle with ISIL Militants in Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- The Iraqi Rapid Response Division opened its way into the Northern edge of Al-Intisar neighborhood, while the Counter-Terrorism Service (CTS) advanced to the Southern side of the adjacent Al-Quds area. [VIDEO] Mosul Operations: ISIL Terrorists Scatter in Fear After Tough Offensive by Iraqi Popular Forces TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi popular Forces' tough battle power pushed ISIL back from regions West of Mosul and destroyed a number of their suicide vehicles. [VIDEO] Over 32 Killed, 61 Wounded as Blast Hits Sadr City Area of Baghdad TEHRAN (FNA)- A car bomb that went off in Baghdad’s Sadr City area left over 32 people dead and 61 wounded. Another twin car explosions also hit Baghdad neighborhood near al-Kindi and al-Chawadir hospitals in Eastern and central parts of the city. [PHOTOS] Iran Opens Line of Small Caliber Ammunition TEHRAN (FNA)- Iran launched another production Line of small caliber ammunition on Monday and Iranian Defense Minister Hossein Dehghan attended the ceremony. [PHOTOS] NIOC Approves Qualification of 29 Foreign Energy Firms for Int'l Tenders TEHRAN (FNA)- The National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC) approved qualification of several international exploration and production (E&P) companies for participating in oil and gas tenders. Eternal Condemnation: Marking the First Anniversary of Sheikh Nimr’s Execution by Riyadh TEHRAN (FNA)- People of good conscience from around the world are holding rallies to mark the first anniversary of the execution of prominent Shiite cleric Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr by the Riyadh regime. Turkey Mourns Victims of Istanbul Nightclub Attack TEHRAN (FNA)- Relatives carry the coffin of one of the 39 victims of the Reina night club attack during his funeral ceremony on January 1, 2017 in Istanbul. [PHOTOS] Official: Iran's Petchem Exports to Hit 20mln Tons by Yearend TEHRAN (FNA)- A senior energy official disclosed that Iran is planning to considerably boost the export of its petrochemical products before the end of the current Iranian year (will end March 20, 2017). Fabulous Fireworks Across World Greet 2017 TEHRAN (FNA)- Fireworks explode in Marina Bay during New Year celebrations in Singapore January 1, 2017. [PHOTOS] Iran Ups Steel Exports by 51 Percent in 8 Months TEHRAN (FNA)- Iran's private sector exported over 3.7 million tons of crude steel and related products in the first eight months of the current Iranian year (March 20-November 20), showing a considerable growth compared with last year's corresponding period, official data released by the government said. Damascus: Militants in One More Town Joining Peace Agreement with Syrian Gov't TEHRAN (FNA)- Militants in a key town in Western Damascus are about to end fight against the Syrian government after long talks with the reconciliation committee in the region. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2017 ©
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,327 Reviews & Articles | 53,559 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: MSI GeForce 1050 GAMING X 2G Video Card (Give Feedback & Win!) TRENDING NOW: New Call of Duty Vietnam game teased by Sledgehammer Home Reviews Computer Systems SFF PCs GIGABYTE BRIX BKi5A-7200 (Kaby Lake) Mini PC Review GIGABYTE's BRIX BKi5A-7200 (Intel Kaby Lake) mini PC could be the perfect little device for your Netflix 4K PC streaming. Come take a look. By: Steven Bassiri | SFF PCs in Computer Systems | Posted: Dec 19, 2016 10:29 pm Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA TweakTown Rating: 91%Manufacturer: GIGABYTE Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 2 [Packaging and System] Page 3 [Teardown of the BKi5A-7200] Page 4 [BIOS] Page 5 [Test Setup and Benchmarks] Page 6 [Temperature and Power Consumption] Page 7 [What's Hot, What's Not & Final Thoughts] Introduction     The BKi5A-7200 is possibly the first "desktop" to use the Kaby Lake microarchitecture since it utilizes a Kaby Lake-U mobile processor. The BRIX lineup of mini PCs is GIGABYTE's custom iteration of Intel's Next Unit of Computing form factor, which is basically a laptop in desktop form. I have reviewed many generations of BRIX mini PCs, and they have proven to be quite formidable desktop replacements.   With the recent proliferation of NGFF M.2 x4 PCI-E 3.0 SSDs, the bottleneck that once was storage speed has been alleviated. These days you can find thin ultrabooks that are just as snappy as powerful desktops because of newer SSD technologies, and the BRIX takes full advantage of this technology. Some of you may have heard the news that you will need to use a Kaby Lake CPU to stream Netflix in 4K on the PC, and the BKi5A-7200 has an i5-7200U Kaby Lake CPU.     So, what's in Kaby Lake that would make it a requirement for 4K Netflix Streaming? Well, there are both performance improvements as well as security improvements inside the integrated graphics processor, but the security improvements are what I think Netflix really cares about. Kaby Lake does have new dedicated fixed function media engines that are designed to significantly improve 4K (UHD) playback and but it also supports HDCP 2.2, PlayReady 3, and Widevine, which are designed to protect 4K content from pirates.     Specifications     The BKi5A-7200 uses an Intel i5-7200U, which is a little faster than the i5-6200U with a base clock of 2.5GHz (200MHz higher) and Turbo of 3.1GHz (300MHz higher). The i5-7200U has two cores and four threads, a 15W TDP, and the new Intel HD Graphics 620.   The device also supports USB 3.1 type-C and type-A, HDMI 2.0, mini DisplayPort 1.2, 1Gbit NIC, and Intel Dual Band Wireless-AC 3168.     Pricing   GIGABYTE informed us that the MSRP is roughly $390. Next Page Shopping Information PRICING: You can find products similar to this one for sale below. United States: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon's website. United Kingdom: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon UK's website. Canada: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon Canada's website. Content Page Summary Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 2 [Packaging and System] Page 3 [Teardown of the BKi5A-7200] Page 4 [BIOS] Page 5 [Test Setup and Benchmarks] Page 6 [Temperature and Power Consumption] Page 7 [What's Hot, What's Not & Final Thoughts] Recommended for You ASRock Beebox-S (Intel Core i5-6200U) Mini PC Review... ASRock DeskMini 110 Mini-STX Mini PC Review Intel Skull Canyon NUC NUC6i7KYK Mini PC Review GIGABYTE BRIX Skylake BSi7H-6500 Ultra Compact PC... Right of Reply We at TweakTown openly invite the companies who provide us with review samples / who are mentioned or discussed to express their opinion of our content. If any company representative wishes to respond, we will publish the response here. Related Tags GIGABYTE Intel BKi5A-7200 i5-7200U BRIX Mini PC Windows 10 Netflix Got an opinion on this content? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Dell's new XPS 13 is a surprise 2-in-1 foldable tablet Nintendo Switch and Wii U third party partners compared Liberty City is coming to GTA V thanks to new mod CNN demonstrates Russian hacking with Fallout 3 pic Prey developer promises PC version is 'really flawless'View More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Amped Wireless Apollo Pro Long Range HD Camera Review Lost mac adress after downgrading bios from f20 to f8 z170x g7 Marvell-based PCIe SSD card (AHCI) not detected on Z77X-U5DH Asus K53SD black screen How do I print wirelessly with my wireless router + multiple computers?View More Forum Posts Press Releases Das Keyboard to demo the world's first cloud-connected keyboard at CES 2017 Samsung unveils CH711 curved quantum-dot monitor SK Hynix to construct a cutting-edge NAND flash FAB in Cheongju MSI and Phanteks launch new front USB 3.1 Type-C solutions ViewSonic reveals the VP2771 27-inch monitor with SuperClear IPS panelView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Next Page
null
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Holiday Gift Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Steam's 2016 top sellers include 'No Man's Sky' and 'Rocket League' Tesla's superfast P100D offers tech-heavy luxury for the rich Lenovo Yoga 910 review: The devil is in the details Latest in Gear Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 chip is big on photography and VR 2h ago View You only have two weeks left to buy a Tesla with free supercharging  4h ago View 18 Tesla's superfast P100D offers tech-heavy luxury for the rich 4h ago View 25 Inside Mercedes' Silicon Valley research center 6h ago View Image credit: save Save share Apple still has 'great desktops' on the way But has it listened to users' concerns? Jon Fingas, @jonfingas 12.19.16 in Personal Computing Comments 991 Shares Share Tweet Share Save If you've been following the Mac lineup in recent years, you'd be forgiven for thinking that Apple had largely given up on desktops. The current-generation iMac is over a year old, the Mac mini hasn't been updated since 2014 and the Mac Pro hasn't been touched since it was redesigned in 2013. Does the company care about people who need more power than a laptop? Yes, if you ask Tim Cook. In an internal forum post, the CEO explains that desktops remain "really important" and that there are "great desktops in our roadmap." The reasons why won't shock you. Simply put, you can "pack a lot more performance" in a computer that isn't constrained by portability -- bigger displays, extra ports and just more raw power. Sometimes that difference is "critical" to users, Cook adds. There weren't signs that Apple was about to axe desktops, and to some extent it's at the mercy of Intel. Remember, Intel's 7th-generation Core processors won't be available in desktop form until January at the earliest -- Apple can't really update the iMac's processors until then. It doesn't have as much justification for the Mac mini or Mac Pro, but customers might not be happy if it slapped older chips into those systems at this point. Cook's statement still leaves a lot of uncertainty, though. Just which desktops still have a life left at Apple? And more importantly, will future revisions address criticisms? Mac Pro customers, for example, have complained both about neglect (a modern 5K iMac is more powerful in some respects) and a design that's at once overkill and doesn't go far enough. Pros don't always want dual processors and dual graphics cards, but they sometimes want more expansion than the current Mac Pro can offer. Although Apple may still care about desktops, there's a lingering concern it either treats them as a low priority or doesn't understand what desktop buyers really want. Source: TechCrunch Coverage: Marco.org In this article: apple, computer, desktop, gear, imac, macmini, macpro, pc, personal computing, personalcomputing, timcook 991 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 16m 16m ago Snowden document suggests NSA could have proof of Russian hack Looks like the NSA has a history of positively identifying Russian hacks. By S. Buckley,  16m ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in AV What's on TV: 'Always Sunny,' 'Man Seeking Woman' The 74th Golden Globe Awards air Sunday night. By R. Lawler,  1h ago save Save share View 2h 2h ago in Mobile Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 chip is big on photography and VR Say hello to the mobile processor that will define 2017. By J. Fingas,  2h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Personal Computing Steam's 2016 top sellers include 'No Man's Sky' and 'Rocket League' The game hub has also revealed the winners of its first annual awards. By J. Fingas,  3h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago You only have two weeks left to buy a Tesla with free supercharging  Starting on Janauary 15th, new Tesla owners will have to pay to charge their car. By S. Buckley,  4h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
menu Login SEARCH facebook twitter linkedin RSS twitter facebook linkedin RSS Login SEARCH Innovation Cloud Big Data Social Mobile Internet of Things Digital Leadership IT management Transformation Strategy and vision Risk and compliance Outsourcing C Suite Technology Data Centre Security Software Services Applications and development Skills and Training Communications Business Enterprise SME Start-up Vendor Public sector Internet Whitepapers Search for: Home » Innovation » Cloud An insight into the cloud storage industry Case study 20 December 2016 Michael Tso, CEO and co-founder of Cloudian discusses with Information his company's role in the cloud storage industry, as well as its current state COMMENT The storage industry is a fast-paced, highly competitive and constantly developing environment. Whilst public cloud has made a major impact, not all data can be sent to the cloud Nick Ismail  What does Cloudian offer within the storage industry? Cloudian is the leader in Amazon S3-compatible object storage systems. We came to the market in 2011 with our flagship product, HyperStore, and a vision of bringing object storage to users of all sizes, built around the Amazon S3 API. Cloudian HyperStore brings cloud-compatible storage into the data centre. You can think of it as cloud storage, like Amazon S3 or Google GCP, except it’s in your data centre and behind your firewall. It shares important characteristics of cloud storage, like petabyte scalability, built-in data protection, and cost effectiveness. And it can tier data to the cloud, so it works together with public cloud for scalability and offsite data storage when needed. Cloudian recently had a funding round, how much was raised and why was this important?  We have recently raised $41 million in our Series-D funding round. This came from our existing investors, Intel Capital, Eight Roads, INCJ and Goldman Sachs. We also gained four new investors, Lenovo, City National Bank, Epsilon Venture Partners and DVP Investment. >See also: How acquisitions are transforming the storage landscape This funding round brings our total to $79 million, which is a great achievement and shows the commitment and confidence these investors have in object storage in general and Cloudian in particular. What strategy will Cloudian be implementing going forward after this funding?  In 2017, Cloudian will be focusing on growth and product development.  We are adding significantly to our team globally, with a particular emphasis on the USA and Europe. We will also be investing further in our marketing campaigns to ensure that our potential customers can build a really good understanding of what we offer and why we are ideal for their needs. Ongoing product development will also continue to be central to the strategy of the business, and we have a range of groundbreaking enhancements and announcements to bring to market throughout the year. Will Cloudian be expanding its reach across EMEA? Cloudian will be expanding its reach across EMEA and this process is already underway. We recently opened a new European demonstration facility in Amsterdam as well as introducing several more members to our European team in the UK, Benelux and DACH regions. >See also: What’s in store for cloud in 2017? We have just announced a new customer in Amsterdam, Internet Unie, which will be using Cloudian as a hybrid storage solution, tiering data with AWS. How does Cloudian’s compatibility with Amazon position you against other object storage vendors?  At the very beginning, we knew that in order for object storage to grow it was going to need a standard API that would be widely accepted by application and platform developers and we believed that this would be the Amazon S3 API. Five years on from our launch and Amazon S3 has become the de facto standard and new applications are being built with its API all the time. This puts Cloudian in the perfect position. Whilst many of our competitors must create gateways between platforms, Cloudian doesn’t need one – it is guaranteed to work with the Amazon S3 API and all S3 features, tools and applications. What are the benefits of Cloudian’s recently announced integration with Google? Google Cloud Platform offers a range of services including its Nearline and Coldline service for archival data. Data protection is an important use case for our products, and archival services are of particular interest there. Many of our customers backup data to the Cloudian storage in their data centre, and then migrate older backup data to an archival service such as Google Coldline or Amazon Glacier. >See also: When cloud gets personal: the consumerisation of the enterprise This provides a local copy of the backup data for fast data restores, while moving a copy offsite for DR purposes. It’s a great example of hybrid storage – combining on-premises and cloud storage in one application. What do you think are the driving forces behind adopting hybrid cloud storage?  Many businesses still have data that cannot be sent to the public cloud. This can be for a number of reasons, for example critical, sensitive or government regulated data. In fact, a recent survey conducted by ActualTech Media showed that 60% (from 400 UK and US organisations) of its respondents have data that must remain on-premises. These restrictions are driving the adoption of hybrid cloud storage, and interoperability and security between platforms is more important now than it ever has been. What does Cloudian’s new EU demonstration centre mean for local regions?  Opening a facility in Amsterdam, where our Director of EMEA is based, was the first step in our EMEA expansion. Prior to this centre, our demonstrations were conducted from our US facility. As demand for Cloudian and object storage in general increased, it made sense to open a centre in Europe and as Amsterdam is very central it is easy to travel to from all over Europe. Customers will be able to see the benefits and performance of HyperStore for themselves through locally performed proof-of-concept demonstrations. What do you think the current state of the storage industry is? The industry is in a very exciting phase of development. The speed of technological change is accelerating, and cloud computing has made an enormous impact in every part of the technology landscape and storage is no different. >See also: Success of AWS is turning S3 into an enterprise storage ‘must have’ With the momentum behind trends such as IoT and automation really gathering pace, there are great opportunities on the horizon for storage vendors who can deliver products and services with the performance, compatibility and value customers are looking for. How has the industry changed since Cloudian’s launch in 2011 and where do you see it heading in 2017?  The storage industry is a fast-paced, highly competitive and constantly developing environment. Whilst public cloud has made a major impact, not all data can be sent to the cloud. Customers are looking to optimise their use of storage technologies to build the best solutions for them. With this in mind we believe the storage industry is now moving toward bespoke hybrid solutions.   Related Topics Amazon S3 Cloud cloud storage cloudian Cloudian Hyperstore Google GCP Hybrid cloud storage Comments (0) Leave a Reply Cancel replyLogin to comment Prev Next Read More Latest Popular Welcome to the world of the Snooper’s Charter 7 ways driving simulators are influencing the design of new cars 5 eDiscovery takeaways for 2017 Browser-based malware: evolution and prevention 8 predictions for business networks in 2017 The smart nation: Singapore’s masterplan The path to manageable data Wine cellar, swimming pool and a treehouse: Inside Zoopla’s new office Rolling into the digital age: inside Rolls-Royce’s tech transformation Turning big data into high-class insights Products Information Age Magazine Since its launch in 1995, Information Age has been regarded as one of the most respected technology titles in the B2B realm. More than 20 years on from its inception, the publication stands as the UK’s number one business-technology magazine, holding a strong influence over its prestigious readership of IT leaders.Find Out More Information Age Digital Edition Since its launch in 1995, Information Age has been regarded as one of the most respected technology titles in the B2B realm. More than 20 years on from its inception, the publication stands as the UK’s number one business-technology magazine, holding a strong influence over its prestigious readership of IT leaders.Find Out More Keep Informed by email Subscribe I am happy to receive updates and offers from Information AgeI am happy to receive updates and offers from carefully selected 3rd parties We do not sell or distribute our subscriber details with other companies or individuals for any reason. If you are interested in the details you can read our privacy policy. The Vitesse Network Small Business Growth Business Information Age What Investment Growth Company Investor Tax Guide Vitesse Events Vitesse Media Further Information Preference Centre Information Age Hub Contact Us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions About Vitesse Media About this website Vitesse Media Plc, 14 Bonhill Street, London EC2A 4BX T. 0207 250 7010 © 2017 Vitesse Media Plc © 2017 Vitesse Media Plc Further Information [+]
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 20, 2016December 20, 2016 by Monika Donimirska First 3rd party product support LabVIEW FPGA can replace NI RIO product now. The nuclear RIO technology of National Instruments has been broken through. NI’s monopoly position has been overthrown. The first 3rd party product of world supports LabVIEW FPGA has been released. MangoTree Digital Technology Co. Ltd from China has been broken through the key technology of NI. Their products can replace NI’s All RIO series products and support LabVIEW and LabVIEW FPGA programming. It is said that NI has informed its employees of the world about their products and admit their technology. Their newest product Atom-RIO is more powerful than NI’s RIO and it can meet all users’ application requirements. The price of Atom-RIO is 1/10 of NI’s same RIO Product. Atom-RIO can give the performance user want! The flexibility user want! And the Price user want! The majority of people may suspect the IP infringement oftheir products. It is reported that their products communicate with LabVIEW by VISA in essence, so the problem of IP infringement may do not exist. Atom-RIO can be used in Test, Measurement and Control field. The architecture of Atom-RIO is very incredible, it combines Intel CPU and Xilinx FPGA. As we know, FPGA has been widely used in measurement and control field with its ability of parallel processing, high reliability and high responsiveness. The combination of CPU and FPGA is the most powerful architecture at present. In the world, Atom-RIO has been used in the development of aero-engine, unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV), robot control, etc. Moreover, they claimed that their products have been purchased by more and more NI’s partners, and gained favorable reputation after usage. They have owned a huge number of customers all over the world.  From the picture on their website we can know that they have received the attention from 54 countries and regionsin the world: (MangoTree Tech website: en.mangotree.cn) Atom-RIO owns powerful features: Up to 2.58GHz Intel Dual-core Celeron Processor; 64GB SSD 、4GB DDR RAM; USB3.0、USB2.0 、Gigabit Ethernet and HDMI interface; Spartan6 LX75 FPGA(Optional LX150); Support Windows、WES7 and Pharlap RT OS; PCIe DMA Communication; Support all NI C series module. With the PCIe interface, Intel CPU can communicate with FPGA for real-time data interaction. Atom-RIO is a small and reliable system of industry control and collection. Using the reconfigurable I/O (RIO) technology, it can realize user-defined application with high-performance. With Atom-RIO, user can develop applications quickly based on LabVIEW. User can access the I/Os on Atom-RIO directly by using basic I/O function of LabVIEW FPGA. With Intel Dual-core Celeron processor, Atom-RIO can excute LabVIEW real-time program reliably. WIte Gigabit Ethernet interface, Atom-RIO can do communication on the network. The company also upload related videos on YouTube:  1. MangoTree Atom-RIO Total User Tutorial : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6cNy4g_X1Y 2. Atom RIO Super-Fast Marbles Separate: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kUFSdnqcE_I 3. 3rd Party Hardware LabVIEW Program: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noxPsilD0ak 4. Atom RIO Video Acceleration: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16NTJIN9iT8 Media Contact Company Name: MyElecFans Contact Person: GuoGU Email: hezuo@elecfans.com Phone: 010-62951833 Country: China Website: http://www.elecfans.com/ CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious THE ‘FRIEALTOR’ FUTURE OF REAL ESTATE… NEW ONLINE PLATFORM COULD PAVE THE FUTURE OF PROPERTY Next PostNext Top Auto Tools Provides Completely Unbiased Reviews on the Best Auto Tools and Car Parts Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 香港大都會人壽於《指標》財富管理大獎 2016 勇奪8項殊榮 January 3, 2017 Samsung Electronics Unveils Family Hub 2.0 and Smart Built-in Appliances at CES 2017 January 3, 2017 Coast Guard assists disabled vessel in Morris Cove, Conn. January 3, 2017 MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple You won’t need an expensive gaming PC to run Microsoft’s AR headsets Mark Coppock Digital TrendsDecember 20, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share microsoft announces pc specs for low cost mixed reality hmds winhec xr imageMore One of the most challenging aspects of today’s virtual reality (VR) gaming systems, such as the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive, is the relatively high PC specifications needed to run them. While the specs have been scaled back a bit in some cases, for the most part, you need a robust CPU and GPU to support today’s VR systems. Another roadblock is the high price of VR in addition to those relatively high-end PCs. Microsoft is out to challenge both, with a lower cost of entry for mixed reality — meaning VR combined with augmented reality (AR) — head-mounted displays (HMDs) that the company originally as coming from OEMs in 2017. While entry-level HMDs will start at $300, their PC requirements weren’t announced at Microsoft’s Creators Update event, and that’s apparently been rectified at Microsoft’s recent WinHEC conference, as Tom’s Hardware reports. More: Windows 10 Creators Update bundles VR and AR, partner headsets start at $300 The new HMDs jointly announced by Intel and Microsoft will offer a range of capabilities, from 1080 x 1200 resolution per eye up to 1440 x 1440 per eye, and a host of different connectivity options. That means that while pricing starts out much lower than competing VR systems for lower mixed reality capabilities, you’ll likely have to pay closer to the going rate for full-on VR gaming. Microsoft Similarly, the lower-end HMDs will require lower specs from PCs as well, further easing the cost of entry into the world of VR. On the low end, HMDs connected to notebooks will support casual games, 360-degree video, and simpler Universal Windows Apps via Windows Holographic with only an Intel Core i5 (for example, the Core i5-7200U), Intel HD 620 graphics, and 8GB of RAM driving things. Desktop PCs will have a lower minimum spec CPU, for example, a desktop Core i3 processor (for example, Core i3-6100 or higher). Microsoft Ramping up to higher-end VR games running on premium HMDs will require dedicated graphics, faster CPUs, and more RAM whether you’re running on a notebook or a desktop. Things get confusing from there, however in that Microsoft indicated these lower minimum specs are as of “Holiday ’17.” As of Creators Update, coming in spring 2017, more robust specifications similar to today’s VR systems with Nvidia or AMD dedicated graphics or higher will be required. Read More Microsoft That uncertainty aside, it’s clear that Microsoft and Intel want to make mixed reality HMDs more affordable and accessible to more people running lower-end PCs. These systems won’t replace today’s high-end VR gaming systems, but rather augment them and bring mixed reality to a much wider audience. No matter how things shake out in terms of PC specifications and pricing, it’s obvious that mixed reality will be an important PC trend in 2017. Qualcomm’s Snapdragon processors now fully support Windows 10 Netflix 4K streaming hits Windows 10 PCs — but only those with Intel ‘Kaby Lake’ CPUs Windows Holographic Shell delivers low-end VR with modest system requirements Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech Obama boosted White House technology; Trump sees risks Associated Press The battle between SSD and HDD is over, and the winner is clear Digital Trends Celebrity sues Tesla, claims Model X drove itself through a wall and into his house BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360MarketUpdates Tweet   Wireless Connectivity Market Consumption and Growth Patterns 2016-2021 Wireless Connectivity Market research report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of this market.   Wireless Connectivity Market (EMAILWIRE.COM, December 20, 2016 ) Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the Wireless Connectivity market in key regions is stated and industry policies and news are analysed. In depth analysis of an industry is a crucial thing for various stakeholders like investors, CEOs, traders, suppliers and others. The Wireless Connectivity industry research report is a resource, which provides technical and financial details of the industry. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Wireless Connectivity Market Research Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10397655 Next part of the Wireless Connectivity market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The process is analysed thoroughly with respect to three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs (material cost, labour cost, etc.) and the actual process. Major Key Players are Analysed in the Wireless Connectivity Market Report: · Intel Corporation (U.S.) · Qualcomm Incorporated (U.S.) · NXP Semiconductor N.V. (Netherlands) · STMicroelectronics N.V. (Switzerland) · Texas Instruments Inc. (U.S.) · Atmel Corp. (U.S.) · MediaTek Inc. (Taiwan) · Cypress Semiconductor Corporation (U.S.) · EnOcean GmbH (Germany) · NEXCOM International Co. Ltd. (Taiwan). Applications of Wireless Connectivity Market: · Wearable Devices · Healthcare · Automotive & Transportation · Consumer Electronics · Other Get Sample PDF of Wireless Connectivity Market Research Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10397655 After the basic information, the report sheds light on the production. Production plants, their capacities, production and revenue are studied. The Wireless Connectivity market consumption for major regions is given. Also, the Wireless Connectivity industry growth in various regions and R&D status are also covered such as: · United States · China · Europe · Japan Also, type wise consumption figures are given. Types of Wireless Connectivity Market: · Wi-Fi · Bluetooth · ZigBee · NFC · Cellular · Enocean Have any Query Regarding this Report? Contact us@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10397655 Further in the report, the Wireless Connectivity industry is examined for price, cost and gross value. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. In continuation with this data sale price is for various types, applications and region is also included. To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Wireless Connectivity market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Their contact information is provided for better understanding. Several important topics included in the Wireless Connectivity market research report are as follows: · Wireless Connectivity Market Overall Overview · Wireless Connectivity Market Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application · Wireless Connectivity by Volume, Value and Sales Price · Wireless Connectivity by Manufacturers Analysis · Wireless Connectivity Technology and Development Trend Price of Report: $ 2900 (Single User Licence) Buy Wireless Connectivity Market Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10397655 In this Wireless Connectivity market analysis, traders and distributors analysis is also given along with contact details. For material and equipment suppliers too, contact details are given. New investment feasibility analysis is included in this report. About 360 Market Updates: 360 Market Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact Information: 360MarketUpdates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Close Welcome! Log In|Sign up |Log In|Subscribe Log Out|Manage Your Account Manage Subscriptions E-Edition January 2, 2017 Place an Ad Subscribe Subscriber Services eEdition Advertise With Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Audit tackles Oregon's incentive programs for businesses - Dothan Eagle: State Advanced Search Dothan 64° Dothan Eagle Home Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports Alabama Auburn High School Local Recreation Troy Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Houston County Voter Purge List Pets Place a Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Home News Ap Audit tackles Oregon's incentive programs for businesses Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Tuesday, December 20, 2016 9:24 am Audit tackles Oregon's incentive programs for businesses Associated Press | EUGENE, Ore. (AP) — Oregon should work to ensure better return on investment and transparency in the $340 million a year in tax breaks and cash incentives it provides to businesses, a new audit from the Secretary of State's office concludes. The audit, released Monday, examines Business Oregon, the state's economic development agency, and the incentives it provides directly to private companies. Those sweeteners — including forgivable and low-interest loans, tax credits, and direct cash assistance — total $72.5 million a year. But the review also examined property tax waivers granted by local governments through state-approved enterprise zones and the Strategic Investment Program. Those add up to $267.5 million a year in waived property taxes throughout Oregon. Technology firm Intel is the biggest recepient with $162.5 million a year in tax breaks from Washington and Multnomah counties. Lane County currently has several enterprise zones, which provide property tax waivers to a wide range of companies. Hynix, which shut its West Eugene plant in 2008, was the county's largest recepient of property tax breaks: $65 million over ten years. "It is critical that Business Oregon and other state agencies regularly evaluate and improve their business subsidy programs to make the best use of limited public resources," Secretary of State Jeanne Atkins said, in a prepared statement. "Taxpayers should expect nothing less." Generally, the audit found that economic development officials, when they give a business an incentive, aren't adequately monitoring and reporting the number of jobs the company creates or retains, the wages of those jobs, and the state's overall return on investment. For example, analyzing 231 direct Business Oregon incentives between 2011 and 2012, the audit found that most went to firms where wages were lower, on average, than those in the surrounding county as a whole. The audit also found that only 30 percent of Business Oregon incentives between 2006 and 2015 went to firms in rural areas, even though urban areas "already have faster employment growth." Regarding the enterprise zones created by local governments, the audit found that the standard zones appear to be working better than the long-term rural zones, which provide a longer tax break. In 2015, each new job in a long-term rural enterprise zone cost $55,000 in waived property taxes, versus $4,200 per job in standard zones. Data storage centers, which tech giants like Apple, Facebook, and Google have built in Oregon in recent years, have been particularly costly in terms of job creation, the audit found. Data centers' combination of high investment in equipment — meaning potentially high property taxes — and few workers needed to maintain them, meant that each job they created cost $87,000 to nearly $800,000 in lost property taxes in 2015. The audit also concludes that, despite some recent improvements, there is still a lack of transparency in the different tax breaks and other incentives that the state and local governments provide. For example, some subsidy programs don't publicly disclose what requirements — like a set number of created jobs or investment in a facility — businesses must comply with in order to receive their incentive. Others don't provide details on whether a recepient ultimately complied with those requirements or not. "Both Business Oregon and the (Oregon) Department of Revenue tend to be conservative about releasing business information," the audit states, because releasing more information "could compromise projects ... and reduce demand for the incentive and loan programs." But auditors wrote that interviews with officials in other states where more disclosure is required hadn't found that to be the case. "Transparency promotes accountability for public dollars by spelling out the cost and performance of individual projects and giving policymakers and the public information about how funds are being used," auditors wrote. The audit also highlighted some issues with what is known as the Strategic Reserve Fund, a pot of money distributed as "forgivable" loans at the governor's discretion. The fund allocates roughly $7.5 million a year. All 11 projects proposed for funding received money in 2015, even though some firms offered "low projected returns" and others had received poor grades from finance staff who had examined their histories, the audit found. While reviewing seven large forgivable loans between 2008 and 2015, auditors found that Business Oregon staff, when doing their cost-benefit analysis, neglected to include other Oregon tax breaks or incentives that the companies were also receiving. "This approach understates the cost to Oregonians and may overstate the project's benefit," auditors wrote. Business Oregon Director Chris Harder wrote that his agency "generally agrees with the audit recommendations" for remedying the issues identified. However, Harder wrote that Business Oregon staff "disagree" the value of incentives should be "measured exclusively" by how many jobs they create and how high their wages are. As to increased transparency, Harder wrote that he is committed "to exploring ways to balance the public's right to know" with businesses' right to privacy. "Businesses are often reluctant to make their financial information and tax records public, fearing that it will create a competititve disadvanatage for them," he wrote. Atkins noted that Oregon's economic development spending "is low compared to some other states, and competition for state dollars is high." "This increases the urgency of the need to be more strategic and transparent about the use of business incentives and loans," she said. ___ Information from: The Register-Guard, http://www.registerguard.com © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about General News ARTICLE: Zfpddc ARTICLE: Zfparx ARTICLE: Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 10' game ARTICLE: Zfptop ARTICLE: Officials: Customs system outage causes waits at airports More about Hiring And Recruitment For Trump, the 1980s still hold relevance ARTICLE: Shreveport group to protest southern Louisiana pipeline ARTICLE: State gets grant to help track website targeting jobseekers ARTICLE: Upstate NY ice cream plant expands; 61 new jobs created ARTICLE: Halliburton to hire 200 workers in Permian Basin More about Accounting, Tax Preparation And Payroll Services Donors to Iowa governor's 2015 inaugural fund remain secret Donors to Iowa governor's 2015 inaugural fund remain secret ARTICLE: Donors to Iowa governor's 2015 inaugural fund remain secret ARTICLE: Business Highlights ARTICLE: Driver charged in crash that killed 4 Discuss Print Posted in Ap on Tuesday, December 20, 2016 9:24 am. | Tags: General News, Hiring And Recruitment, Accounting, Tax Preparation And Payroll Services, Labor Economy, Economy, International Relations, Government And Politics, Local Governments, Personnel, Business, Professional Services, Government Finance, Government Business And Finance | Location Tags: Oregon, Eugene, United States, North America Similar Stories The Latest: Trump expected to tap Lighthizer for trade rep Landing gear collapses on private jet at Scottsdale Airport Man accused of killing estranged wife 2 weeks ago captured Storms push across South, damaging buildings, cutting power Police search for 6-year-old missing since New Year's Eve Most Read Construction on new Clark Cinema 10 coming along After release from prison, former Alabama Rep. Terry Spicer lands another state job The Limited closing for good in January Peanut Drop to ring in 2017 in downtown Dothan Enterprise home engulfed in flames Videos Editor's Picks Weekend rain causes road damage, closings in Wiregrass The rain Saturday and Sunday put a dent in the drought affecting most of the Deep South but caused problems for low-lying areas a… Tight-knit Crimson Tide heads back to national championship game A broken leg prevented Eddie Jackson from playing, but he was doing plenty of celebrating with his teammates after Alabama defeat… Top Wiregrass stories of 2016 While the presidential election dominated headlines throughout much of 2016, other local stories received significant attention i… Eagle Eye Outfitters branches into online sales, sees quick success When Eagle Eye Outfitters started its first ecommerce website just before November, owner Susan Anderson was told it would take h… Crimson Tide's O.J. Howard understands about preparations for College Football Playoff ATLANTA – Top-seeded Alabama and fourth-seeded Washington arrived here for the final week of practice leading into Saturday’s Chi… In Case You Missed It < Wiregrass Transit Authority carrying out its mission The findings in the fixed route transit feasibility study completed in 2010 came as no surprise to John Sorrell. article local Wiregrass accounts for $133.7 million in new and expanding projects in 2015 Jim Stuckey said he and his business partner, Chuck Harris, started Wholesale Wood Products in 1979 with a part-time secretary, one truck driver and a article business Four Dothan teams win ARPA state soccer titles Minutes after Dothan won the 15U division of the Alabama Recreation and Parks Association state soccer tournament on Sunday at the Westgate Complex, h article recreation Folklore Brewing creates beer series in military’s honor U.S. Army veteran Brian Brenner said he and his wife, who also serves in the military, stumbled across Folklore Brewing & Meadery during a rec article business Team Alpha Martial Arts Academy blends fitness with education In the center of the room, instructor Kevin Johnson and star pupil Chris Young, a 12-year-old, intently practice maneuvers on the mat in the sport of article local > Sections Home News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Videos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Site Index Add Search Toolbar Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact us dothaneagle.com dothaneagle.com Phone number: 334-792-3141 E-mail: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Address: 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Search Search in: All Eufaula Tribune Enterprise Ledger Dothan Eagle Army Flier Photos Video Dothan Eagle, Dothan, AL © 2017 BH Media Group, Inc. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use] Haven’t signed up for All Access yet? Get started here… Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now. Need more information about All Access? Get all of the details here. If you are a current subscriber and haven’t signed up for All Access yet, get started here.
Latest News Dow 19,763 -57.18 -0.29% Nasdaq 5,383 -48.97 -0.90% S&P 500 2,239 -10.43 -0.46% 9:24 P.M. ET Updated My husband can’t get a loan — his bad credit rating is ruining our marriage 8:58 P.M. ET CEOs pandering to Trump risks dangerous ‘caudillo capitalism’ 8:58 P.M. ET U.S. stocks riding a bull market in corruption 5:00 P.M. ET The best stocks for 2017 might be the worst performers of 2016 4:27 P.M. ET Updated The 5 tech trends that will dominate CES and 2017 4:25 P.M. ET Updated 10 things you should NOT buy in 2017 3:25 P.M. ET Updated Why you should listen to Harry Dent even if you don’t believe a word 2:48 P.M. ET Islamic State Claims Responsibility for Istanbul Attack 2:09 P.M. ET Updated I’m a former health insurance CEO and this is what Obamacare repeal will do 2:00 P.M. ET Updated 7 money resolutions to make this year 1:53 P.M. ET Updated 5 people getting even richer off your New Year’s resolutions 1:02 P.M. ET Updated Single in 2017? Here are the 10 biggest online dating photo mistakes 12:31 P.M. ET Updated Avoid these common mistakes if you’re filing for divorce in January 12:30 P.M. ET Updated $1 billion in gift cards go unused every year — here’s how to avoid that 12:11 P.M. ET Updated Trump’s tough China talk fails one key reality check 12:10 P.M. ET Updated Why Donald Trump is no Ronald Reagan 12:10 P.M. ET Updated Italian stocks rally, driving Europe markets to a stronger start for 2017 12:00 P.M. ET Ditch your New Year’s resolutions and set 3 realistic money goals for 2017 10:58 A.M. ET Updated 6 tips to help you (almost) have it all 10:55 A.M. ET Updated In 2017, I’m quitting the gym in favor of a Jane Fonda workout at home Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Freedom to Control – Meet the DDJ-SZ2 Controller With Dedicated Controls for New Serato DJ Features By Published: Dec 20, 2016 3:00 a.m. ET Share TORRANCE, Calif., Dec 20, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Pioneer DJ has upgraded their flagship Serato DJ controller to create the DDJ-SZ2. Use the new DDJ-SZ2 4-channel controller to get hands-on with the latest additions to Serato DJ, including key shift, key sync, pitch play and Serato Flip. The multi-colored Performance Pads give you instant feedback on pad modes and playing statuses, and thanks to the improved jog wheel latency, scratching is more responsive and precise than ever. To help you get the most out of the controller, the DDJ-SZ2 comes bundled with the latest version of Serato DJ. The Pitch ‘n Time DJ and Serato Flip expansion packs are also included so you can use several new features including pitch play and key sync. The DDJ-SZ2 will be available in the U.S.A. and Canada in January 2017, with a retail price of $1,999.00. Watch the DDJ-SZ2 introduction video. Learn more about the DDJ-SZ2 controller for Serato DJ. FREE SERATO VIDEO EXPANSION PACK PROMOTION We’re putting a voucher for a free Serato Video expansion pack in the boxes of the first 3,000 DDJ-SZ2 controllers that we ship worldwide. This comes along with the Serato DJ, Pitch ‘n Time DJ and Serato Flip expansion packs bundled with the controller as standard, so if you’re one of the first DJs to buy the DDJ-SZ2, you’ll have full control of audio and video performances. KEY FEATURES OF THE DDJ-SZ2 1.Layout mirrors CDJ-style set-up Mix and scratch instinctively on the controller, which looks and feels similar to a full professional CDJ + DJM set-up. Big Jogs: Scratching feels natural on the big jog wheels taken from the CDJ-2000NXS2, and the illuminating On-Jog Display gives you information about the current playback status and position for more precise performances. Jog Feeling Adjust, also from the CDJ series, lets you customize the resistance and backspin time. Multi-colored Performance Pads: Use the large, multi-colored tactile Performance Pads to trigger Hot Cues, samples and FX. Hit the pads harder to increase the volume of samples and watch their colors change as they indicate the selected pad mode and playing status. DJM-style mixer section: Stay in control at all times thanks to the simple layout of the mixer section which mirrors the design of the DJM series. 2.Dual USB port for smooth DJ changeovers Dual USB ports lets you hook up two computers at the same time and use the top-loaded A/B switch for seamless DJ transitions. 3.Native support and dedicated controls for new Serato DJ features Key shift, key sync and pitch play: Use dedicated controls to trigger the new key shift and key sync functions in Serato DJ, which let you adjust the key of tracks and sync the keys of tracks during mixes. Pitch play lets you play your Hot Cues across a range of different keys and assign them to the controller’s Performance Pads. Serato Flip: Create and save Hot Cue sequences to make custom edits of your tracks and use the dedicated Serato Flip controls to play them back at the touch of a button. Get even more creative by skipping or repeating track sections on the fly. 4.Professional performance features and FX Sound Color FX: Spice up your sets with the four popular Sound Color FX from our DJM series; Echo, Jet, Pitch and Filter. You can sync Echo with the BPM of the track that’s playing. Oscillator: Add texture and tensionto your tracks with the four oscillator sounds; Noise, Drop, Laser and Siren. Turn the oscillator parameter knob to create new tones. 5.Magvel crossfader The Magvel crossfader – taken from the club standard DJM-900NXS2 – is the ultimate to mix and scratch with. Accurate and smooth, it’s durable for more than 10 million movements and is liquid and dust resistant. 6.High-quality sound Hear your tracks loud and clear thanks to the audio circuit inherited from professional Pioneer DJ gear. Contact resistance is reduced by the AC inlet, and the high-performance D/A converter made by Cirrus Logic, Inc., and low jitter oscillator mean the DDJ-SZ2 reproduces clear and powerful sound that’s faithful to its source. 7.Other features Plug and play: Simply connect your laptop and start mixing via Serato DJ. All buttons and controls, as well as the built-in sound card, are Serato DJ-ready. Aluminium-finished top panel and jog wheels: For a quality look and feel. Slip Mode: Silently keeps a track playing during a loop, scratch or Hot Cue. Release the jog wheel and the track comes back at exactly the right place. Needle search pad: Instantly jump to a specific part of a track with a simple touch of the pad. Peak limiter: Controls clipping of the master output. P-Lock Fader Cap: Locks all fader knobs to prevent dropping.   DDJ-SZ2 SPECIFICATIONS           DDJ-SZ2 Software     Serato DJ Input ports     CD/Line x 4 (RCA) Phono x 2 (RCA) MIC x 2 (XLR & ¼-inch TRS Jack x 1, ¼-inch TRS Jack x 1) Output ports     Master Out x 2 (RCA x 1, XLR x 1), Booth Out x 1 (¼-inch Stereo Phone Jack) Headphone Monitor Out x 2 (Front ¼-inch TRS Jack, 3.5 mm Stereo Mini Jack)   Other ports     USB (Type B) x 2 Sampling Rate     44.1 kHz D/A Converter     24-bit A/D Converter     24-bit Frequency response     20Hz � 20kHz (LINE) Total Harmonic Distortion ratio     0.002% or less (USB) 0.004% or less (LINE) S/N ratio     111 dB or above (USB) Headroom     19 dB Maximum dimensions （W�H�D）     870 x 98.4 x 419.5 mm (34.3 x 3.9 x 16.5 in) Unit weight     10.7 kg (23.6 lbs)     SERATO DJ SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS   Compatible OS （Windows®）   Windows® 10, 8.1, 7 (The latest service pack) Compatible OS （Mac）   macOS Sierra 10.12, OS X 10.11, 10.10, 10.9 (Updated to the latest version) CPU (32/64 bit)   Intel® processor Core [TM] i7, i5 or above Memory   4GB or more of RAM Serato Video requires a graphics card with 384MB of dedicated video memory Display resolution   Resolution of 1280 x 720 or greater   * Serato DJ is a registered trademark of Serato Audio Research Ltd. * Windows is a registered trademark or a trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. * Mac and Mac OS are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. * Intel and Intel Core are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries. * The names of companies, product names, and technology names mentioned herein are the trademarks of their respective owners. About Pioneer DJ Pioneer DJ Americas, Inc. is the subsidiary of Pioneer DJ Corporation responsible for sales and marketing in North, Central, and South America. For more than 20 years, Pioneer DJ has been a market leader in the design and production of innovative DJ equipment and software. The company works closely with DJs and clubs to deliver next generation products that inspire and shape the global dance music community. Its portfolio includes brands such as Pioneer Professional Audio and Pioneer DJ Radio, rekordbox dj software, as well as social platforms KUVO and DJsounds. Pioneer DJ Corporation is a privately held company headquartered in Yokohama, Japan. Website: www.pioneerdj.com Stay up to date: www.pioneerdj.com/news Follow us on: Facebook at facebook.com/PioneerDJUSA Instagram at instagram.com/PioneerDJUSA Twitterat twitter.com/PioneerDJ YouTube at youtube.com/pioneerdjglobal Other Channels: www.rekordbox.com www.kuvo.com www.pioneerproaudio.com www.djsounds.com www.pioneerdjradio.com View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161220005366/en/ SOURCE: Pioneer DJ Americas, Inc. for Pioneer DJ Americas, Inc. Vicki Colbert, 310-496-4452 Vicki@allisonpr.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Glass castle in Bel Air sells for $39 million View More Opinion These five investments make the perfect all-around portfolio for 2017 View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Credit 30 credit cards and a score of 805? The Points Guy shares his secrets View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Happy Holidays! This site relies upon advertisements to continue producing new Linux/open-source content over the past 12+ years. If you wish to continue blocking ads, please consider this holiday joining ad-free Phoronix Premium. Besides an ad-free experience, Phoronix Premium grants access to multi-page articles on a single page and other benefits while still supporting our site. Or if you insist on blocking ads, perhaps consider a holiday tip? Thanks for your support and happy holidays. 70 Patches Of Cleaning & Bug Fixes For Mesa Written by Michael Larabel in Mesa on 20 December 2016 at 10:50 AM EST. 12 Comments It's not as exciting as seeing a massive patch series arrive for like the OpenGL shader cache or other key features, but Collabora's Timothy Arceri sent out a set of 70 patches today providing some clean-ups and bug fixes for Mesa. With these 70 patches most of them include individual fixes and clean=ups, including some code simplification, changing around some shader code, some code that will help clean up for the shader cache, and more. Most of the patches are for either core Mesa or the i965 Intel driver. More details via this patch series. Any fixes and improvements to Mesa are always welcome and sure make for a nice Christmas present for open-source Linux GPU driver users. Great to see all of the patches this year by Timothy Arceri this year, especially considering he only started Mesa development three years ago when doing crowd-funded Mesa work to start off and learn while now is employed by Collabora. 12 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Mesa News GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Mesa Saw More Than 10,000 Commits This Year From Record Number Of Contributors VC4 Gallium3D Lands Some Minor Optimizations, 2016 Was Great For This RPi 3D Driver Mesa Hit OpenGL 4.5, Received Vulkan Drivers, Improved Performance & More In 2016 Mesa's RADV Vulkan Driver Receives Some Fixes For DOOM Etnaviv Gallium3D Driver Revived, Render-Only Library Updated Too Popular News Wine 2.0 Is Looking Like It Will Be A Late January Release Mesa's RADV Vulkan Driver Receives Some Fixes For DOOM Former Valve Developer: Steam Linux Project Was The Hardest The Top BSD News This Year: Ubuntu Atop BSD, FreeBSD 11.0, DragonFly's HAMMER2 Arcan Display Server Working On X.Org / Wayland Compatibility Lineage: Forking CyanogenMod To A New Android Distribution Latest Linux News RadeonSI Patches Boost Deus Ex: MD Performance By ~70% Dawn-CC: Automatically Adding OpenACC/OpenMP Directives To Programs KDE Kirigami UI 2.0 Beta Released: Better Android Integration, QQC2 Focus Linux 4.9/4.10, Solaris Rumors, Graphics Driver News Ended Out 2016 GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Should Tarballs Be On Their Way Out The Door In 2017? Steam's Linux Marketshare Ended Slightly Lower For 2016 Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 Steam's Top Grossing Games Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Featured Articles Happy New Year! That's A Wrap For 2016 With 3,336 New Articles + 248 Reviews/Featured Articles Setting Up A MoCA 2.0 Ethernet-Over-Coax Network, Linux LAN Benchmarks EXT4 / F2FS / Btrfs / XFS On Early Linux 4.10 Kernel NVIDIA CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks For Ending 2016 + cuDNN Caffe AlexNet/Googlenet Running The Intel NUC6i7KYK On Linux With Skylake Iris Pro Graphics Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Gaming Rounding up the 17-inch Blade Pro reviews: Is Razer’s latest laptop a winner? Rounding up the 17-inch Blade Pro reviews: Is Razer’s latest laptop a winner? By Joel Hruska on December 20, 2016 at 10:09 am Comment Razer has been making a name for itself in the PC market the past few years, after starting life as an accessory manufacturer with products named after various types of snakes. The company has been behind some far-out proposals for next-generation hardware, worked with Intel and AMD to bring external dock support to market, and has pushed hard to position the Razer Blade (thin-and-light ultrabook) and Razer Blade Pro as high-end systems for enthusiasts who are often spoiled for choice. Reviews of the updated 2016 Razer Book Pro have dropped, so how does the hardware look? Both PCMag and Engadget have published reviews of the new system and they both agree — this is by far Razer’s strongest offering. As a 17-inch system the Razer Blade Pro is a big laptop, but it still manages to weigh in below 8 lbs (7.77lbs to be exact). It’s also much thinner than competing designs, though Razer compensates for that with some keyboard innovations (more on that shortly). The Razer Blade Pro features a 4K display with 100% Adobe RGB output. The display is based on Sharp’s IGZO (Indium Gallium Zinc Oxide) technology and features support for Nvidia’s G-Sync as well. Keyboard lighting is adjustable via Razer’s Chroma settings. The trackpad is a major point of differentiation between this laptop and other systems — we can’t recall the last time we saw a company put the pad in a place like this: Engadget is quite fond of the keyboard, which is built with Razer’s ultra-low-profile mechanical switches. Both PCMag and Engadget like the trackpad as well, though Engadget found it a little odd to use after two decades of putting the trackpad right below the keyboard. Frankly, putting it besides the keyboard does make good sense, even if it also risks making the keyboard area more cramped — there’s much less chance of resting your palm on the trackpad when typing if the trackpad itself sits to the right of the keyboard. The speakers on the Razer Blade Pro are also apparently excellent — more so than one expects from a typical laptop. Performance is excellent, courtesy of the Core i7-6700HQ, 32GB of RAM, and a GeForce GTX 1080 all packed inside the chassis, though PCMag noted that the system could get quite hot under load, and it lagged some of the other laptops they tested. Engadget, in contrast, thought performance was easily the best they’d ever seen, though they didn’t compare their Razer Blade Pro to any other systems equipped with a GTX 1080). Here’s how I’d split that difference: The Razer Blade Pro probably sacrifices some performance to hit its size target, since the laptop is just 0.88 inches thick (other laptops in the higher-end gaming categories are more like 1.6 – 1.8 inches thick). Run time, according to PC Gamer and Engadget, is just shy of four hours. That may not sound like much compared with a conventional laptop, but gaming systems often contend with sub-two-hour battery life. The one downside to the Razer Blade Pro is the eye-watering price. System configurations start at $3,700 for a machine with 512GB of SSD storage. Storage is provided by a pair of SSDs in RAID 0; a 1TB configuration costs $4,000, and a 2TB drive is $4,500. It should go without saying that $300 for an extra 512GB of storage is a poor deal these days, while $500 for a 1TB drive isn’t much better. That’s roughly 2x what such drives cost on the retail market, and you can bet Razer isn’t buying hardware off Newegg. Still, if you have a lot of cash you can afford to drop on a laptop and you want a system that balances gaming, weight, size, and battery life, the Razer Blade Pro is well-reviewed and well-liked. It’s not hard to find less expensive gaming laptops, even those equipped with a GPU like the GTX 1080, but it’s not easy to think of another system that offers nearly four-hour battery life, is less than an inch thick, and packs a GTX 1080. If you want that combo, you’re going to have to pay for it. Tagged In nvidia gaming PC gaming G-Sync razer gaming laptops Razer Blade Razer Blade Pro Chroma Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Why iPhone production isn’t coming to the United States Dec 30 Five reasons you should buy a car right now Dec 30 ET deals: Dell Inspiron 15 5000 15.6-inch laptop for $549 Dec 30 The year in space: Supernovas, gravitational waves, theoretical planets, and Hammer pants Dec 30 FBI, DHS release report on Russian hacking as administration-ordered sanctions take effect Dec 30 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 20, 2016December 20, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Global Drone Transponders Industry Shares, Strategies and Forecasts Research Report 2016 to 2022 Researchmoz added Most up-to-date research on “Drone Transponders Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts Worldwide, 2016 to 2022” to its huge collection of research reports. The 2016 study has 268 pages, 92 tables and figures. Worldwide drone transponder markets are poised to achieve significant growth with the need to achieve protected airways. The simplest way to protect against mid-air collisions is to require the use of ADS-B transponders on all aircraft. Transponders can turn an uncooperative environment into a cooperative environment. Transponders provide location and positioning information about smart commercial drones. These drones have a computer inside, they are easy to fly, remotely maneuverable, have a camera, and contain sensor logic. Smart drones are evolving computer driven collision avoidance technology making the flying more reliable. Remote operation occurs in the context of a workflow and sensors. Cameras are improving dramatically to permit management of video and picture taking that is realistic and detailed. Drone actuators, drone transponders, are needed to support drone package delivery. This is a huge new market that speeds economic development, makes it easier for the middle class to both work, and purchase lifestyle items and food efficiently. Drones based on aerial robotic platform technology can be used to make deliveries to each person’s home, landing on the back doorstep, leaving packages in a locked box. The drone package delivery technology has reached a level of maturity that bodes well for market development. Drone systems are mature enough to be at the forefront of aerospace manufacturing. To Get Sample Copy of Report visit @ www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=738546 Dronecode is an independently funded software project that harnesses the power of collaborative development. The aim is to fuel innovation across drone industries and ecosystems. Dronecode Foundation is a nonprofit organization working on a common, shared open source platform for Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs). Dronecode brings together existing and future open source UAV software projects. APM UAV software platform was developed by 3DRobotics. 1,200 developers are working on Dronecode’s six projects focused on maximizing adoption of the project’s cost-effective, reliable and technologically advanced UAV software. Micro-Avionix has an ultra-lightweight low cost ADS-B transponder for UAS. Micro-Avionix has developed an ADS-B suitable for UAVs of all sizes to improve flying safety for all. The ping™ is a family of ultralight weight, low cost, ADS-B transponders. Weights range from 1.5 to 30 grams, delivering a variety of types of performance. The ping2020™, for instance, is capable of IN on both 1090ES and 978UAT, and OUT on 978UAT. The products are fully compliant with the minimum performance standards of DO-282B Class A1S. Micro-Avionix has developed an ADS-B suitable for UAVs of all sizes to The ping™ is among the world’s first families of ultralight weight, low cost, ADS-B transponders. Transponder and sense and avoid technology sponsorship by Sagetech, L-3 Aviation Products, FreeFlight, Micro-Avionix, Google, Trig, DJI, and Intel has been effective. Development by Dronecode application ecosystem provides huge advances in drone real-time sense and avoid behavior. An open source collaboration is expected to accelerate deployable solutions for agile and reliable operation in the national airspace. The open source platform has been adopted by many organizations on the forefront of drone technology: 3DRobotics, Parrot, Qualcomm, Intel, DroneDeploy, Yuneec, Airphrame, and others. With 750,000 users and 500 active developers the open source code initiative represents a compelling community of professionals and enthusiasts is able to support active improvements in control of airspace and improvement in flying safety for all. The alliance has worked on development standardization and software module interoperability “Use of drone transponders represents a key milestone in provision of value to the airborne package delivery industry. Customized cameras are used to supplement GPS navigation, acting as eyes of the drone, permitting package delivery everywhere. Digital controls will further automate flying, making ease of use and flight stability a reality. New materials and new designs are bringing that transformation forward. By furthering transponder innovation, continued growth is assured.” The worldwide market for drone transponders is anticipated to start from nothing and reach $2.5 billion worldwide by 2022 growing in response to the need to prevent drone collisions, keep the highways in the sky safe, and manage routing of commercial drones. Multiple applications drive market growth, most of all package delivery occurs out of line of sight. Other applications for drone transponders are in consumer photography, lightweight commercial drones for real estate, the military, law enforcement, border control, homeland security, utility infrastructure surveillance, agriculture, aerial mapping, and package delivery. Companies Profiled Market Leaders – Sagetech – L-3 Aviation Products – FreeFlight – Micro-Avionix – Google – Trig Avionics – DJI – Intel Market Participants – Airogistic – Amazon – Denel Dynamics – Dronecode – Fortem – Garmin – IMSAR LLC – I-Lap Timing Systems – Knorr-Bremse Group / Bendix – MarcusUAV – MMist – Northrop Grumman – Rockwell Collins – Textron Make an Enquiry of this report @ www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=738546 About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the one stop online destination to find and buy market research reports & Industry Analysis. We fulfill all your research needs spanning across industry verticals with our huge collection of market research reports. We provide our services to all sizes of organizations and across all industry verticals and markets. Our Research Coordinators have in-depth knowledge of reports as well as publishers and will assist you in making an informed decision by giving you unbiased and deep insights on which reports will satisfy your needs at the best price. Mr. Nachiket State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Email: sales@researchmoz.us Website @ www.researchmoz.us/ Tel: 866-997-4948 (Us-Canada Toll Free) Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Follow us on LinkedIn @ bit.ly/1TBmnVG This release was published on openPR. CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Aprotinin Market 2016 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Wi-Fi as a Service Market 2016 Global Industry Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2022 Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 香港大都會人壽於《指標》財富管理大獎 2016 勇奪8項殊榮 January 3, 2017 Samsung Electronics Unveils Family Hub 2.0 and Smart Built-in Appliances at CES 2017 January 3, 2017 Coast Guard assists disabled vessel in Morris Cove, Conn. January 3, 2017 MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Politics Sports Life Outdoors Things to Do Elections 2016 Opinion Obituaries Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Politics Sports Life Outdoors Things to Do Elections 2016 Opinion Obituaries Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 30 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Audit tackles Oregon's incentive programs for businesses Oregon should work to ensure better return on investment and transparency in the $340 million a year in tax breaks and cash incentives it provides to businesses, a new audit from the Secretary of State's office concludes. Post to Facebook Audit tackles Oregon's incentive programs for businesses  Oregon should work to ensure better return on investment and transparency in the $340 million a year in tax breaks and cash incentives it provides to businesses, a new audit from the Secretary of State's office concludes.  Check out this story on statesmanjournal.com: http://stjr.nl/2ibFQ3v {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Audit tackles Oregon's incentive programs for businesses SAUL HUBBARD, The Register-Guard 8:30 a.m. PST December 20, 2016 The Columbia River June 15, 2006 in The Dalles, Oregon. (Photo: Craig Mitchelldyer, Getty Images) EUGENE, Ore. (AP) — Oregon should work to ensure better return on investment and transparency in the $340 million a year in tax breaks and cash incentives it provides to businesses, a new audit from the Secretary of State's office concludes. The audit, released Monday, examines Business Oregon, the state's economic development agency, and the incentives it provides directly to private companies. Those sweeteners — including forgivable and low-interest loans, tax credits, and direct cash assistance — total $72.5 million a year. But the review also examined property tax waivers granted by local governments through state-approved enterprise zones and the Strategic Investment Program. Those add up to $267.5 million a year in waived property taxes throughout Oregon. Technology firm Intel is the biggest recipient with $162.5 million a year in tax breaks from Washington and Multnomah counties. Lane County currently has several enterprise zones, which provide property tax waivers to a wide range of companies. Hynix, which shut its West Eugene plant in 2008, was the county's largest recipient of property tax breaks: $65 million over ten years. "It is critical that Business Oregon and other state agencies regularly evaluate and improve their business subsidy programs to make the best use of limited public resources," Secretary of State Jeanne Atkins said, in a prepared statement. "Taxpayers should expect nothing less." STATESMAN JOURNAL Could Oregon have made more money from pot sales? Generally, the audit found that economic development officials, when they give a business an incentive, aren't adequately monitoring and reporting the number of jobs the company creates or retains, the wages of those jobs, and the state's overall return on investment. For example, analyzing 231 direct Business Oregon incentives between 2011 and 2012, the audit found that most went to firms where wages were lower, on average, than those in the surrounding county as a whole. The audit also found that only 30 percent of Business Oregon incentives between 2006 and 2015 went to firms in rural areas, even though urban areas "already have faster employment growth." Regarding the enterprise zones created by local governments, the audit found that the standard zones appear to be working better than the long-term rural zones, which provide a longer tax break. In 2015, each new job in a long-term rural enterprise zone cost $55,000 in waived property taxes, versus $4,200 per job in standard zones. Data storage centers, which tech giants like Apple, Facebook, and Google have built in Oregon in recent years, have been particularly costly in terms of job creation, the audit found. Data centers' combination of high investment in equipment — meaning potentially high property taxes — and few workers needed to maintain them, meant that each job they created cost $87,000 to nearly $800,000 in lost property taxes in 2015. The audit also concludes that, despite some recent improvements, there is still a lack of transparency in the different tax breaks and other incentives that the state and local governments provide. STATESMAN JOURNAL City of Salem approves $749,000 grant for Park Front LLC For example, some subsidy programs don't publicly disclose what requirements — like a set number of created jobs or investment in a facility — businesses must comply with in order to receive their incentive. Others don't provide details on whether a recipient ultimately complied with those requirements or not. "Both Business Oregon and the (Oregon) Department of Revenue tend to be conservative about releasing business information," the audit states, because releasing more information "could compromise projects ... and reduce demand for the incentive and loan programs." But auditors wrote that interviews with officials in other states where more disclosure is required hadn't found that to be the case. "Transparency promotes accountability for public dollars by spelling out the cost and performance of individual projects and giving policymakers and the public information about how funds are being used," auditors wrote. The audit also highlighted some issues with what is known as the Strategic Reserve Fund, a pot of money distributed as "forgivable" loans at the governor's discretion. The fund allocates roughly $7.5 million a year. All 11 projects proposed for funding received money in 2015, even though some firms offered "low projected returns" and others had received poor grades from finance staff who had examined their histories, the audit found. While reviewing seven large forgivable loans between 2008 and 2015, auditors found that Business Oregon staff, when doing their cost-benefit analysis, neglected to include other Oregon tax breaks or incentives that the companies were also receiving. "This approach understates the cost to Oregonians and may overstate the project's benefit," auditors wrote. Business Oregon Director Chris Harder wrote that his agency "generally agrees with the audit recommendations" for remedying the issues identified. However, Harder wrote that Business Oregon staff "disagree" the value of incentives should be "measured exclusively" by how many jobs they create and how high their wages are. As to increased transparency, Harder wrote that he is committed "to exploring ways to balance the public's right to know" with businesses' right to privacy. "Businesses are often reluctant to make their financial information and tax records public, fearing that it will create a competitive disadvantage for them," he wrote. Atkins noted that Oregon's economic development spending "is low compared to some other states, and competition for state dollars is high." "This increases the urgency of the need to be more strategic and transparent about the use of business incentives and loans," she said. 30 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://stjr.nl/2ibFQ3v TOP VIDEOS Crocodile creatively cornered 0:34 Commoner by day, man lives like a king at night 1:13 Look who drops by for dinner... every night 0:29 Christmas eve train 0:12 2016 Salem snowstorm 0:50 snowpocalypse 2016: by the numbers 0:50 #TeamBaker: If you're going to get angry, get angry at God 1:20 Special delivery from Salem Police 1:04 The hottest food trends of 2017, according to Pinterest 0:49 Dreamcatchers full of meth seized by border patrol 0:45
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand The Best 13-Inch Laptop Isn't Made by Apple Christina Warren | Gizmodo MediaDec 20, 2016, 09.42 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Image Credit For years, the MacBook Pro was the weapon of choice for people willing to plunk down good money for a powerful laptop with slick design. That it's a staple of both hip coffee shops and design studios reflects just how elegantly it balances the needs of the aesthete and the power user. But when it comes to sleek, well-designed, powerful laptops, it's no longer the obvious choice. Nearly every laptop maker has a striking machine that'll bring tears to your eyes when your credit card bill arrives. But not all fancy laptops slide cleanly into the basic MacBook Pro's slot. Some, like the flexible HP x360, are half tablet. Others, like the gaming-focused Alienware 13, are all chunk and power. And Microsoft's 15-inch Surface Book is a marvel of design and engineering, but borders on large and cumbersome. We set out to find out if any computers could compete with the most basic model of the new MacBook Pro-the 13-inch, $1500 number without the new gimmicky Touch Bar. Both Dell and Razer have laptops that measure up nearly perfectly, blending speed, quality, and design just right. We pitted similarly configured models against each other to see which is best. For this comparison, our contenders (and the price of the configuration we tested) are The Razer Blade Stealth ($1250), the Dell XPS 13 ($1600), and a new Apple MacBook Pro (without Touch Bar). Our tests ranged from grueling power showdowns to practical everyday web browsing. Some of the tests were downright ridiculous. No matter what you're planning to use your fancy laptop for, we've found the machine for you. For the person who needs power and versatility Image: Nicholas Stango/Gizmodo The new MacBook Pro infuriated nerdy power users when it was revealed it had last year's processor-and perhaps more damningly, unlike the infinitely versatile Pros of the past, it had just three ports: the ubiquitous headphone port, and two Thunderbolt 3-backed USB-C ports. USB-C is a remarkably flexible port style, which is widely considered the future. It has many advantages, including high-speed charging and super-fast data transfer speeds, but the problem is that if you want to plug in your legacy monitor, a hard drive, your camera's SD card, or even your iPhone, you're going to need a dongle adapter. If you've never had to do that before, Apple's minimalism looks more like a chore than a step towards the future. In practice, the MacBook Pro's limited ports aren't so much a dealbreaker as they are a pricey inconvenience. It sucks to buy them. To mimic the additional USB-A ports on both the Blade Stealth and XPS 13, I'd need to drop another $20. Add another $10 if I want to rip my photos directly off my SD card like I can with the XPS 13. And another $10 if I want to send video to my TV via HDMI like I can with the Blade Stealth. Sadly, there's no amount of money I can drop to replicate the Dell's best port-the proprietary power port. Having to hunt for a very particular power cord is irritating, but it also means a precious USB-C port isn't being used to charge the laptop as is the case with the MacBook Pro and Blade Stealth. That's a big deal for a power hungry power user. Almost as big as actual performance. Here are the numbers, for those inclined to inspect them. We'll unpack them below. Image: Gizmodo Image: Gizmodo All three laptops have top-notch processors packed inside. The Razer Blade Stealth and the Dell XPS 13 both boast Intel's latest Kaby Lake i7 7500u processors. The MacBook Pro, meanwhile, runs on last year's higher wattage Skylake-based i5 6360u chip. This means they get through the majority of tasks at similar speeds. Unless you're really crunching numbers you won't notice a major operative difference between the three. All three machines will render GIFs, make quick videos, and process massive spreadsheets at a similar pace. Though the MacBook Pro did outperform the two Windows devices when we batch processed 20 giant RAW photos in Photoshop. It also did better on the WebXPRT benchmark, which replicates day-to-day tasks you perform in your browser, like scrolling through tons of images on Facebook, or loading an adware-heavy website. Where the MacBook Pro suffered, the XPS 13 excelled. It killed the competition on the Geekbench synthetic benchmark, and absolutely slaughtered the MacBook Pro when playing a game of Civilization VI. That's doubly impressive because the the Dell XPS 13 we tested had a higher resolution screen-3200 x 1800 versus the 2560 x 1440 found on both the MacBook Pro and Razer. Winner: Dell XPS 13 For the person who watches tons of video on the go In a constant race to differentiate themselves, Apple, Razer, and Dell seem to have settled on providing dazzling displays to run all the graphics rendered by their powerful computers. But pretty displays mean a major drain on battery life, particularly when coupled with a touchscreen such as that found in the Blade Stealth and the XPS 13 we reviewed (Dell also produces a model without a touchscreen). The Blade Stealth reviewed, with a bright 2560 x 1440 display, never made it past seven hours on a charge. The more expensive 4K variant would fare even worse owing to the additional pixels in need of power. Image: Gizmodo And other versions of the XPS 13 would actually fare better than the one we tested, provided you skip the touchscreen and go with a 1080p display instead of the vivid 3200 x 1800 display we tested. Still, our souped-up XPS 13 did stream movies for nine and a half hours when the brightness was set to just 200 nits, and an average of 10 hours when used as my daily laptop. Yet if you want to watch movies and you want to watch them all day, or on a random 11-hour overseas flight, then the MacBook Pro is the way to go. When the brightness was set to 200-nits (about three quarters of the way) the MacBook Pro lasted over two hours longer than the competition. But across three types of battery tests: streaming movies at a screen brightness of 200 nits, full brightness, and plucking away for an average work day, it was the Dell that did best. While the MacBook Pro is capable of the best battery life under optimal conditions, the Dell was the most consistent. If you dim your screen regularly get a MacBook Pro, if you never know what you're going to be up to, get a XPS 13. Winner: Dell XPS 13 For the person who needs to do work THe new MacBook Pro has a great keyboard and trackpad. A lot of noise was made about the new MacBook Pro keyboard...like, literally, it's noisy. I personally didn't notice an obnoxious click every time I pressed a finger to a key, and I've yet to be flogged by irate coworkers. But when it comes to actual pleasure and speed while typing the MacBook Pro definitely has an advantage. The MacBook Pro handily beat the XPS 13 and Blade Stealth in a typing test. Though the XPS 13 had enough key travel to make each key press feel satisfyingly meaty. The Blade Stealth was a different story. While it the customizable backlit keys are a very neat rarity for a laptop in this price range and size, the mushy feel of each key press was irritating. I was drawn to the MacBook Pro when I needed to edit my work as well. That's because the trackpad on the MacBook Pro is incredibly responsive and intuitive. There were no frustrating accidental highlights or drags across the page with the cursor. The XPS 13 and Blade Stealth were pleasant surprises on the trackpad front, operating nearly as well as the MacBook Pro, but the Razer's trackpad feels a little slick, and the rubber palmrests surrounding the Dell's can be distracting. Winner: Apple MacBook Pro The champion Dell XPS 13 Each of these computers will give you a satisfying computer experience. Nerds will nod approvingly when they see the garish green Razer logo and hipsters will jerk their chins in your general direction when they see that shiny Apple one. But the best 13-inch laptop is an unassuming Dell. The Dell is a consistent machine with great battery life, and powerful guts that deliver when you need them to. It has the ports that matter, and it doesn't ask you to juggle cords just to charge. It starts at $900, a full $100 less than the Razer and $600 less than the MacBook Pro. And it's just a damn fine laptop. When we reviewed the original XPS 13 back in 2015 we called it the Windows laptop to beat. That still stands. Winner: Dell XPS 13 Video by Nicholas Stango FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: Razer Blade StealthMacBook ProDell XPS 13Battlemodo Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryUS Crops Are Disturbingly Vulnerable to Another Dust Bowl Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author iPhone Production Is Probably Never Coming to the United States Samsung's New Robot Vacuum Cleaner Looks Like Darth Vader How to Build Your Own Mini SNES Related stories Dell XPS 13 Convertible tipped for CES 2017 Dell XPS 13 Review (2015): The Windows Laptop To Beat Pissed at the new Apple MacBooks? Get the Dell XPS 13 Apple's MacBook Pro Battery Problems Are Getting Embarrassing 30 minutes with the 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar The Cheapest Way to Buy the New MacBook Pro Personalized Recommendations Editor's Pick Lenovo Yoga 510 Review: Inconsistent Performer The Magic of George Michael: Bringing the “Faith” over a Glorious 30-Year Music Career OnePlus 3T review: Still the best damn phone for less than Rs 30,000 Nucleya Adds His Signature Bass To Papon’s Bihu in The Dewarists’ Latest Music Collaboration Confused between OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T? Read this Super Mario Run: My first 20 minutes! Hot Right Now Rideshare Carpooling Could Completely Eliminate the Need For Taxis in New York City SpaceX Plans to Return to Flight Next Week Tesla: Famous Korean Actor Who is Suing Us 'Threatened to Use His Celebrity Status in Korea to Hurt Tesla' A Single Text Can Disable iOS Messages Forever Protect Your Apple AirPods From Theft With This Sticker 11 Amazon Prime Benefits You Might Not Know About How Scientists Are Trying to Keep Genetic Engineering From Ruining the World Sorry, This Nearby Comet Will Not Strike the Earth and End Our Collective Nightmare Donald Trump Promises Hacking Surprise on 'Tuesday or Wednesday' Prepare Yourself for the Age of 'Superaging' Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social The next Galaxy Note may be a Galaxy S8 Plus instead, leaks suggest Android 7.0 Nougat is rolling out to Moto Z Phones in India Android 7.0 Nougat is rolling out to Moto Z Phones in India OnePlus 3T soft-gold variant goes on sale starting January 5 Overlook Paytm, PM Modi launches a new ‘BHIM’ mobile app AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: The Lloyd Mathias Interview (Part 1) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Lloyd Mathias Interview (Part 2) #AdAgeUnicorns: Lloyd Mathias to Share His Marketing Journey on December 15 #AdAgeUnicorns: The R Balki Interview (Part 2) Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Micromax Canvas Mega 4G Q417 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 7499BUY5.5" Screen, 3GB RAM Lava A97 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black & Gold) ₹ 5300BUY5"Screen, 5MP Camera Asus Zenfone Max ZC550KL - 16GB (Black) ₹ 9199BUY5000 mAh Battery About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> GPUs Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel Storage GPUs SSDs Motherboards CPUs NVIDIA Mobile Systems Home> GPUs ASUS ROG XG Station 2 eGFX Enclosure with Thunderbolt 3 Launched by Anton Shilov on December 20, 2016 12:01 PM EST Posted in GPUs Asus External GPU Thunderbolt 3 eGFX XG Station 25 Comments | Add A Comment 25 Comments + Add A Comment ASUS last week finally launched theROG XG Station 2 external GPU chassis, to enable Thunderbolt 3 systems to implement discrete graphics. The eGFX enclosure from ASUS integrates a 600 W PSU to ensure compatibility with power-hungry graphics adapters, and can house not only a video card but also an additional 2.5” storage device and bundles in extra USB 3.0 ports. The design of the external GPU box features signature ‘Republic of Gamers’ elements with red LEDs and Mayan-style patterning. ASUS was among the pioneers of external graphics adapters in 2007 when it first showcased its XG Station with an integrated NVIDIA GeForce 8600 GT GPU. The dock used the Express Card interface, was not upgradeable, was only compatible with select ASUS laptops and its performance was not enough for then-popular games like Crysis (which is partly why it never took off). The company did not bury the idea of external graphics for laptops completely, and at CES 2014 the company showcased its XG Station 2 with a Thunderbolt 2 interface co-developed with SilverStone. The chassis was upgradeable and could house a variety of graphics cards, but the entire platform itself had numerous limitations when it came to bandwidth, hot-plugging, driver support and some others which is why that product was not even released. In January this year, ASUS demonstrated yet another XG Station 2, this time with a proprietary physical interface that used two USB Type-C cables (albeit with 32 Gb/s maximum bandwidth) and was to be compatible with select ASUS laptops. Around that time Intel had managed to finalize its eGFX over Thunderbolt 3 specification with some external help from AMD (see XConnect), whereas Razer showcased their compatible solution up and running (and later commercialized it). The Thunderbolt 3 graphics appeared to be so robust that ASUS decided to drop its proprietary external graphics interface and go with TB3 instead. At Computex in June, the company showcased its XG Station 2 with a Thunderbolt 3 interface, which will finally hit the market in 2017, a decade after the original XG Station (and in the third iteration of its own). The ASUS ROG XG Station 2 looks exactly like the one demonstrated at Computex: the Mayan patterns serve like the openings to ensure proper cooling and the enclosure is equipped with multiple red LEDs controlled using the ROG AURA technology. The eGFX chassis from ASUS can accommodate a qualified double-wide PCIe x16 video card that is up to 12.2”/310 mm long. Due to TB3 bandwidth limitations, as with all TB3 eGFX enclosures, the GPUs are limited to PCIe 3.0 x4 bandwidth. The company does not specify the exact height of graphics adapters that the XG Station 2 can host, but for demonstrations it has used its ROG Strix boards with enlarged PCBs, hence it is safe to assume that there is plenty of vertical space inside the enclosure. To ensure that graphics cards receive enough power, ASUS integrated a 600 W PSU into the XG Station 2, a more powerful unit than in any other contemporary eGFX chassis. The enclosure has three 80-mm fans to pump up cool air into the box to guarantee proper cooling and enhance GPU overclocking potential for those who need it. ASUS ROG XG Station 2 eGFX Chassis Specifications Max Video Card Size Double-Wide, 12.2" Long (312 × 170 × 44 mm) Max Video Card Power 500 W (?) Connectivity 1 × Thunderbolt 3 (~40 Gbps via active cable) Chassis Size 6.22 × 17.95 × 10.94 inches (158 × 456 × 278 mm) Internal PSU 600 W 80 Plus Gold System Requirements Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Certified PC Thunderbolt 3 w/Active Cable (included) Windows 10 Compatible ASUS PCs ROG G701VI ROG GL502VM ROG GL702VM Transformer T303UA Transformer T305CA Official List Compatible Graphics Cads AMD Radeon RX-series and later NVIDIA GeForce GTX 10-series and later Shipping Date Early 2017 Price Not cheap at all The ROG XG Station 2 is not just an eGFX enclosure, but also rather an expansion dock for laptops that adds Gigabit Ethernet, four USB 3.0 ports as well as one 2.5” bay for a SATA hard drive or an SSD. It is noteworthy that the four USB ports are not involved in the TB3 connection and do not use PCIe bandwidth, but have to be connected using a USB 3.0 Type-B cable (which means that the XGS2 needs three cables: TB3, USB and power). From connectivity and expandability standpoint, the ASUS ROG XG Station 2 is on par with PowerColor’s Devil Box, but leaves the competitor behind it when it comes to the wattage of internal PSU. When it comes to compatibility, the ASUS ROG XG Station 2 should work with all systems that feature Thunderbolt 3 and support of eGFX through BIOS and TB3 firmware. ASUS lists its computers that can work with its external GPU enclosure on its website, but also lists systems from other makers. Nonetheless, it should not be a problem for the ROG XG Station 2 to work with appropriate non-ASUS PCs (e.g., with Razer’s Blade Stealth) with TB3 and appropriate BIOS/FW. Comparison of Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Chassis     ASUS ROG XG Station 2 AKiTiO Node BizonTech BizonBox 3 PowerColor Devil Box Razer Core Chassis Dimensions Length 45.6 cm 17.95 in 42.8 cm 16.85 in 36 cm 14.17 in 40 cm 15.748 in 34 cm 13.38 in Height 27.8 cm 10.94 in 22.7 cm 8.94 in 20.5 cm 8.07 in 24.2 cm 9.52 in 21.84 cm 8.6 in Width 15.8 cm 6.22 in 14.5 cm 5.71 in 8 cm 3.5 in 17.2 cm 6.77 in 10.5 cm 4.13 in Max Dimension of Compatible Graphics Card Length 31.2 cm 12.2 in Height (PCB+Cables) over 14 cm over 5.51" 17 cm 6.7 in over 14 cm over 5.51" 14 cm 5.51 in 15.2 cm 5.98 in Width 4.4 cm 1.73 in 5 1.96 in 4.4 cm 1.73 in Maximum GPU Power 500 W (?) 300 W (?) 375 W PSU Wattage 600 W 400 W 200W/400W 500 W Form-Factor internal proprietary SFX external internal proprietary Cooling Fans (mm) 3 × 80 120 2 × 60 unknown 3 × 80 Connectivity Thunderbolt 1 × TB3 1 × TB3 2 × TB3 1 × TB3 Ethernet 1 × GbE - 1 × GbE USB 4 × USB 3.0 1 × USB-B - 4 × USB 3.0 SATA 1×SATA 6Gb/s - 1×SATA 6Gb/s - DisplayPort - - 1 × DP 1.2 - Availability 1/2017 12/2016 10/2016 4/2016 Price $? $299 $649 $379 $499 ASUS plans to start sales of the ROG XG Station 2 in early 2017. The company yet has to disclose the final pricing, but given all the advantages that the product has, we expect it will cost more than an average eGFX box. Gallery: ASUS ROG XG Station 2 eGFX Enclosure with Thunderbolt 3 Launched Related Reading: AKiTiO Introduces Node: Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Box for $299 PowerColor Announces Devil Box: Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Enclosure Razer Core Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Chassis: $499/$399, AMD & NVIDIA, Shipping In April More on AMD’s XConnect Tech: Thunderbolt 3 for External Radeons Source: ASUS Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 25 Comments View All Comments Shadowmaster625 - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link Let's see, should I buy a $400 eGPU enclosure so my $1000 notebook can actual do something useful, or should I just buy a used T3500 off ebay for less money and actually get more FPS from my GPU and not have to worry about docking or dealing with a bunch of cheesy connections that may or may not decide to work? Gee, tough choice. Reply xchaotic - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link I think a proper gaming PC is going to be cheaper than this. With Cloud save games on Steam, uPlay etc, it's probably easier to sync that way, rather than plug a very expensive GPU enclosure. Reply Flunk - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link Bingo. I currently own BOTH a high-end laptop and gaming PC. This would be more convenient and save me some money the next time around. Reply MisterAlexEsquire - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link Why the clunky, weird case design? I'd much prefer something in a rectangular prism form factor. Rounded edges and such are fine, but this thing looks just hideous. I'd love something I can plug my XPS 13 into for games when I get home, but not if it costs as much as building a second machine, anyway. Reply Flunk - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link Then buy one of the other ones. The AKiTiO Node for example sounds like it would fit your requirements. Reply iranterres - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link 300$ for an enclosure? Come on... Reply ddriver - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link Direct your gratitude at intel Reply xype - Thursday, December 22, 2016 - link It comes with a power supply and needs to be developed, tested and certified. Add to that that neither of these will sell in huge numbers, and $300 is actually cheap. You can always just build your own, though. Reply Cygni - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link These eGPU enclosures that cost more than a complete gaming computer continue to miss the point. Reply xype - Thursday, December 22, 2016 - link Small market, people who actually _need_ or _want_ them will pay the price. People on a budget will build their own thigamajigs. Reply 1 2 3 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News GIGABYTE's New Console: The 'Gaming GT' PC Launched with Core i7-K, GTX1080, TB3 ZOTAC Announces GeForce GTX 1080 for Mini-ITX PCs Oculus VR Acquires The Eye Tribe, Developer of Eye Tracking Technologies Thermaltake Adds RGB Lighting to Toughpower Grand Gold PSUs PNY Launches CS2030 SSDs: Phison PS5007-E7, MLC NAND, 2.8 GB/s Sharkoon Launches Rapid-Case USB 3.1 Type-C Storage Device DIY Kit South Korea Fines Qualcomm $865 Million for Anti-Trust Violations Kaby Lake Systems With Intel Optane SSDs Coming Soon Lenovo Updates The ThinkPad Lineup: New Models, Welcome Changes Lenovo Launches New ThinkPad Accessories: Docking And Displays Dell Readies New XPS 15: 4K, Quad-Core Kaby Lake, GeForce GTX 1050 Plextor to Demo Mainstream M8Se NVMe and 3D NAND-Based SSDs at CES TWEETS IanCutress: Trump logic: say you know something, announce a press conference, cancel it, never talk again. He's done it several times. IanCutress: @Dresdenboy @anandtech But meeting CEOs. Always fun to give a card that says 'Dr' IanCutress: Wat @JohnLegere, please fix https://t.co/n8SN1Afgrk ganeshts: @chippy Use JDownloader (free and open source) in a VM. Also gives full control over what one needs from a YouTube link ganeshts: @cablematters What is the best crimper / punchdown tool to use with your shielded Cat6a 1K ft. cable/24-port patch panel/keystone jacks? IanCutress: #CES2017 I'm 85% sure I packed business cards. Otherwise I have 3 for the week. IanCutress: @British_Airways The Android app has had this issue for over a year. https://t.co/6zfAUR5ZtN ganeshts: @DTheSleepless @BrettHowse What is the real rate you are getting? Even with 4x4, I have not been able to get past 800 Mbps TCP throughput. ganeshts: @FPiednoel Given the 2 grace months, extra billing in near future not likely. But, for sure, need to get rid of data caps for wired plans RyanSmithAT: AMD's GCN macro-architecture & Radeon HD 7970 turn 5 years old today. Man, how the time flies. https://t.co/ZYqd9D57Pk RyanSmithAT: @fivemack No, because then only paying customers would have been able to leave reviews RyanSmithAT: @BrettHowse Save them.That way you can remember what they looked like in the past RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte Though at this point it's the OS (Windows) that concerns me more than the hardware RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte It'll be one of the first. We definitely won't have the luxury of being *too* picky until later in 2018 ganeshts: @SreekrishnanV @krishashok Netgear Orbi. But, for Indian houses with concrete/brick walls - hybrid sys (router + powerline Wi-Fi extenders) Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Latest News Dow 19,763 -57.18 -0.29% Nasdaq 5,383 -48.97 -0.90% S&P 500 2,239 -10.43 -0.46% 9:24 P.M. ET Updated My husband can’t get a loan — his bad credit rating is ruining our marriage 8:58 P.M. ET CEOs pandering to Trump risks dangerous ‘caudillo capitalism’ 8:58 P.M. ET U.S. stocks riding a bull market in corruption 5:00 P.M. ET The best stocks for 2017 might be the worst performers of 2016 4:27 P.M. ET Updated The 5 tech trends that will dominate CES and 2017 4:25 P.M. ET Updated 10 things you should NOT buy in 2017 3:25 P.M. ET Updated Why you should listen to Harry Dent even if you don’t believe a word 2:48 P.M. ET Islamic State Claims Responsibility for Istanbul Attack 2:09 P.M. ET Updated I’m a former health insurance CEO and this is what Obamacare repeal will do 2:00 P.M. ET Updated 7 money resolutions to make this year 1:53 P.M. ET Updated 5 people getting even richer off your New Year’s resolutions 1:02 P.M. ET Updated Single in 2017? Here are the 10 biggest online dating photo mistakes 12:31 P.M. ET Updated Avoid these common mistakes if you’re filing for divorce in January 12:30 P.M. ET Updated $1 billion in gift cards go unused every year — here’s how to avoid that 12:11 P.M. ET Updated Trump’s tough China talk fails one key reality check 12:10 P.M. ET Updated Why Donald Trump is no Ronald Reagan 12:10 P.M. ET Updated Italian stocks rally, driving Europe markets to a stronger start for 2017 12:00 P.M. ET Ditch your New Year’s resolutions and set 3 realistic money goals for 2017 10:58 A.M. ET Updated 6 tips to help you (almost) have it all 10:55 A.M. ET Updated In 2017, I’m quitting the gym in favor of a Jane Fonda workout at home Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Asia-Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market to Grow 46% by 2022 - Key Vendors are IPSoft, Rocket Fuel & Qlik Technologies - Research and Markets By Published: Dec 20, 2016 1:35 p.m. ET Share DUBLIN, Dec 20, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Asia-Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market (2016 - 2022)" report to their offering. The Asia Pacific artificial intelligence market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 46.9% from 2016 to 2022. Today, big data, that is generated exponentially every hour, becomes a treasurable asset to many organizations. To be competitive in a dynamic data-driven and Web-centric market, most of the high-tech companies such as Google, Apple, Intel, IBM, Microsoft, etc. employ big data analytics (BDA) to mine insights within their big data to drive productivity, effectiveness, and efficiency. On the other hand, artificial intelligence (AI) has grown rapidly from a nascent stage to intermediate one in the last decade. AI is a youthful field in Computer Science in building an autonomous machine that intends to replace humans with daily activities. Robots mimic human behavior and frequently perform dangerous tasks. AI scientists seek to create autonomous machines such as humanoid robots that have the capability of reasoning as human common sense. The report highlights the adoption of Artificial Intelligence market in Asia Pacific region. Based on the Technology, the Artificial Intelligence Market is segmented into Machine learning, Natural language processing, Image processing and Speech recognition market. On the basis of Application, the market is bifurcated into Government & Defense, BFSI, Consumer Goods & Retail, IT & Telecom, Healthcare, Energy & Utilities, Manufacturing, Education, Transportation and Others segment. The market is further geographically segmented into China, Japan, India, South Korea, Singapore, Malaysia and Rest of Asia Pacific market. Companies Mentioned: IPSoft Rocket Fuel Inc. Qlik Technologies Inc. Microstrategy Inc. Brighterion Inc. Microsoft Corporation Google Inc. IBM Corporation 24/7 Customer Inc. Next IT Corporation Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Market Overview 3. Asia Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market - By Technology 4. Asia Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market - By Application 5. Asia Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market - By Country 6. Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/mff8r4/asiapacific View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161220005882/en/ SOURCE: Research and Markets Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Artificial Intelligence Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Glass castle in Bel Air sells for $39 million View More Opinion These five investments make the perfect all-around portfolio for 2017 View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Credit 30 credit cards and a score of 805? The Points Guy shares his secrets View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
No Ads Monday | January 2, 2017 Trending Trump returns to NYC following New Year's bash 01/01/17 06:30 PM Pence's key to jobs, innovation may hinge on subsidies 01/02/17 12:01 AM Spicer: Will Clinton be 'punished' for election tactics? 01/01/17 03:57 PM Bolton trashes Obama UN move and urges resistance 01/01/17 06:10 PM Gloomy Europeans hated 2016, pessimistic about 2017 01/01/17 02:45 PM Van Jones: 'The Clinton days are over' 01/01/17 11:13 AM Absent US export subsidies, US exporters turn to the private sector 01/02/17 08:49 AM Ex-Bush aide: Trump bullies the press but craves it too 01/01/17 03:46 PM Former Chicago top cop: Black Lives Matter killing blacks 01/01/17 01:55 PM 2017 to be year of massive change in Washington 01/01/17 11:54 AM Trump kicks author of critical biography off his golf course 01/01/17 12:25 PM PEOTUS Report Card: Trump takes control, challenges Obama 12/31/16 07:20 AM Obama: I won't leave on Jan 20 12/31/16 06:00 AM Memo to the young DC job seeker 01/01/17 05:00 PM Should Washington give the states money for healthcare? 01/02/17 12:04 AM Obama, born to run, not to govern 01/02/17 12:01 AM Byron York: On Russia hacks, it's jump-to-conclusions vs. wait-and-see 01/02/17 08:29 AM Gallup: Dems won't give Trump benefit of doubt 01/02/17 11:37 AM Trump should know Americans want restraint and smarts in their foreign policy 12/31/16 07:00 PM The art of getting to know Trump 01/01/17 12:01 AM Obama unleashes 3,853 regs, 18 for every law, record 97,110 pages of red tape 12/30/16 09:28 AM California Democrats legalize child prostitution 12/29/16 01:58 PM Schiff: Russia 'weaponized' computer hacking 01/01/17 02:40 PM Judge blocks Obama's transgender mandate 12/31/16 05:45 PM On Democrats and media finally recognizing Russia as a threat: Welcome to the party, pal 12/31/16 06:13 PM The drone president 01/02/17 12:03 AM Trump beats Obama engagement with Congress, say friend and foe 01/02/17 11:00 AM New Years' Eve injunction blocks the federal redefinition of the word 'sex' 01/02/17 08:00 AM Drug approvals lowest in six years 01/02/17 11:01 AM Health groups urge caution on repealing Obamacare 01/02/17 12:30 PM Turkey detains 8 over nightclub attack, reports say 01/02/17 07:48 AM 5 things Obama did right (from a conservative perspective) 01/02/17 02:00 PM Obama to deliver farewell address Jan. 10 in Chicago 01/02/17 11:33 AM Jill Stein serves Trump 'humble pie' for his New Year's Eve tweet 12/31/16 04:56 PM Sean Spicer: 'Zero evidence' Russia influenced election 01/02/17 01:08 PM Brazile credits Trump's 'make America great again' slogan 01/01/17 10:14 AM Congress can act to help coal miners survive a regulatory onslaught 12/28/16 12:04 AM 'Will history only record your silence?' 01/02/17 11:12 AM Spicer warns media: 'Business as usual is over!' 12/30/16 10:29 AM Cotton: Obama 'undermined' efforts to get tough on Putin 01/01/17 10:17 AM An ominous announcement for Chinese Catholics 12/31/16 03:58 PM Trump to reveal new information about hacking of Democrats 01/01/17 08:46 AM 9 times the media attacked Trump supporters 12/31/16 02:00 PM Trump adviser to businesses: Don't leave, good things to come 01/01/17 10:56 AM Wrong time for liberals to criticize curbs on executive abuses 01/02/17 01:18 PM Dems attack, demand Sessions recusal 12/31/16 12:08 PM Trump must tackle the crime wave afflicting black Americans 01/01/17 12:01 AM Dems: GOP cowardly to repeal Obamacare 01/02/17 02:59 PM Katie Couric, ethics-free filmmaker, to return briefly to NBC to co-anchor the news. 12/21/16 03:27 PM DHS: 94% of deportations are illegals, terror threats, gangbangers 12/30/16 03:01 PM Home 2016 Election Politics Politics Home White House Congress Washington Secrets Campaigns Policy Policy Home Budgets & Deficits Health Care Economy Law Environment & Energy Technology Defense & National Security Special Reports Magazine Magazine Home Digital Edition Opinion Opinion Home Editorial Cartoons Editorials Columnists Op-Eds Commentary Series Watchdog Watchdog Home Investigative Series Beltway Confidential Media Video Newsletters Podcasts Employee Rights Act About Us About Us Editorial Advertise Contact Us The Islamic State is taking responsibility for the terrorist attack in Berlin on Monday. (Photo: Lucas Theis) Islamic State takes responsibility for Berlin terrorist attack By Joel Gehrke (@Joelmentum) • 12/20/16 2:26 PM •Updated: 12/20/16 2:45 PM Joel Gehrke Foreign Affairs Reporter The Washington Examiner http://s3.amazonaws.com/content.washingtonexaminer.biz/images/static/authors/Gehrke-3.jpg Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More ISIS has claimed responsibility for the attack on the Berlin Christmas market. The Berlin attacker was dubbed a "soldier of the Islamic State" in the Amaq News Agency, an Islamic State propaganda outlet, according to SITE Intel Group. The claim comes just hours after German law enforcement released the Pakistani national they initially arrested in connection to the attack, which killed a dozen people and injured almost 50 more on Monday. The Islamic State statement adds that the attack was done in "response to appeals to target nationals of the international coalition," according to a translation from the New York Times' Rukmini Callimachi. "This is boilerplate ISIS," she added. The attack targeted a major cultural icon in Germany, which sees open air Christmas markets spring up around the country in December. It put additional political pressure on German Chancellor Angela Merkel, whose political party has been under pressure for admitting hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees into the country. Subscribe today to get intelligence and analysis on defense and national security issues in your Inbox each weekday morning from veteran journalists Jamie McIntyre and Jacqueline Klimas. Sorry, there was a problem processing your email signup. Please try again later. Processing... Thank you for signing up for the Daily on Defense newsletter. You should receive your first issue soon! "I know that it would be particularly difficult for all of us to bear if it is confirmed that this deed was carried out by a person who sought protection and asylum in Germany," Merkel said. Through it's 'Amaq News Agency, #ISIS claimed that the vehicular attacker in #Berlin #German is a "soldier of the Islamic State" pic.twitter.com/LZ7aJij3aG— SITE Intel Group (@siteintelgroup) December 20, 2016 3) #Berlin #Germany attack marks 3rd vehicular attack claimed by #ISIS Amaq in recent months (others: #OhioState in Nove & #Nice in July)— Rita Katz (@Rita_Katz) December 20, 2016 4) This is 1st 'Amaq claim for a attacker while still alive; attackers in #France #Russia #America #Germany, etc. all killed prior to claim— Rita Katz (@Rita_Katz) December 20, 2016 Top Story House Republicans vote to defang outside ethics panel Changes needed because lawmakers have been subjected to probes provoked by outside groups, Goodlatte says. By Susan Ferrechio • 01/02/17 9:03 PM Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More Comments Sign Up for the Examiner Today newsletter! Please enter your information below to begin receiving the Examiner Today newsletter. You must enter a valid email address in the field above! Thank you for signing up for the Examiner Today newsletter! You should receive your first newsletter very soon. We're sorry, there was an error processing your newsletter signup. Please click here to visit our Newsletter Signup Center to register for this newsletter. TOPICS News | Joel Gehrke | National Security Subscribe to Alerts + News + Joel Gehrke + National Security Learn more about Washington Examiner's Alerts The Washington Examiner http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/s3/wex15/img/wex_eagle_large.png The Washington Examiner 2016 Washington, DC Politics 2016-12-20 http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/islamic-state-takes-responsibility-for-berlin-terrorist-attack/article/2610095 2016-12-20T14:26 2016-12-20T14:51 Islamic State takes responsibility for Berlin terrorist attack ISIS has claimed responsibility for the attack on the Berlin Christmas market. The Berlin attacker was dubbed a soldier of the Islamic State in the Amaq News Agency, an Islamic State propaganda outlet, according to SITE Intel Group. The claim comes just hours after German law enforcement released the Pakistani national they initially arrested in connection to the attack, which killed a dozen people and injured almost 50 more on Monday. The Islamic State statement adds that the attack was done in response to appeals to target nationals of the international coalition, according to a translation from the New York Times' Rukmini Callimachi. This is boilerplate ISIS, she added. Politics,News,Joel Gehrke,National Security,Minusextra http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-5dfb68383aa151752d84e1adcf79992f.jpg http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-5dfb68383aa151752d84e1adcf79992f.jpg 280280 Loading Next Article × THANKS FOR SHARING! Sign up for the Examiner Today newsletter which delivers a must-read briefing with exclusive reports and cutting-edge insights direct to your mailbox. I’ve already done this. Please don't show this to me again Can't find what you're looking for? Home About Us Magazine & Archives Editorial Advertise Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Close Ad
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 20, 2016December 20, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Asia-Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market to Grow 46% by 2022 – Key Vendors are IPSoft, Rocket Fuel & Qlik Technologies – Research and Markets DUBLIN–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Research and Markets has announced the addition of the “Asia-Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market (2016 – 2022)” report to their offering. The Asia Pacific artificial intelligence market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 46.9% from 2016 to 2022. Today, big data, that is generated exponentially every hour, becomes a treasurable asset to many organizations. To be competitive in a dynamic data-driven and Web-centric market, most of the high-tech companies such as Google, Apple, Intel, IBM, Microsoft, etc. employ big data analytics (BDA) to mine insights within their big data to drive productivity, effectiveness, and efficiency. On the other hand, artificial intelligence (AI) has grown rapidly from a nascent stage to intermediate one in the last decade. AI is a youthful field in Computer Science in building an autonomous machine that intends to replace humans with daily activities. Robots mimic human behavior and frequently perform dangerous tasks. AI scientists seek to create autonomous machines such as humanoid robots that have the capability of reasoning as human common sense. The report highlights the adoption of Artificial Intelligence market in Asia Pacific region. Based on the Technology, the Artificial Intelligence Market is segmented into Machine learning, Natural language processing, Image processing and Speech recognition market. On the basis of Application, the market is bifurcated into Government & Defense, BFSI, Consumer Goods & Retail, IT & Telecom, Healthcare, Energy & Utilities, Manufacturing, Education, Transportation and Others segment. The market is further geographically segmented into China, Japan, India, South Korea, Singapore, Malaysia and Rest of Asia Pacific market. Companies Mentioned: IPSoft Rocket Fuel Inc. Qlik Technologies Inc. Microstrategy Inc. Brighterion Inc. Microsoft Corporation Google Inc. IBM Corporation 24/7 Customer Inc. Next IT Corporation Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Market Overview 3. Asia Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market – By Technology 4. Asia Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market – By Application 5. Asia Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market – By Country 6. Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/mff8r4/asiapacific CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Disposable Undergarment Market 2016-2020 – Lack of Awareness is Limiting Growth – Research and Markets Next PostNext FDA Extends Review of Application for OCREVUS™ (Ocrelizumab) Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 香港大都會人壽於《指標》財富管理大獎 2016 勇奪8項殊榮 January 3, 2017 Samsung Electronics Unveils Family Hub 2.0 and Smart Built-in Appliances at CES 2017 January 3, 2017 Coast Guard assists disabled vessel in Morris Cove, Conn. January 3, 2017 MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Men, No Viagra Needed If You Do This Once Daily - Fixes ED Home | Newsfront Tags: Donald Trump | ISIS/Islamic State | Syria | War on Terrorism | Berlin | truck | attack Report: ISIS Claims Responsibility for Berlin Attack (AP Photo) By Todd Beamon   |   Tuesday, 20 Dec 2016 02:43 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    The Islamic State  claimed responsibility Tuesday for the Berlin attack Monday that killed 12 people and injured 50 others when a truck plowed through a Christmas market. ISIS made its declaration — saying the driver was a "soldier of the Islamic State" — through its AMAQ News Agency, which was confirmed via several Twitter posts by the SITE Intelligence Group: Through it's 'Amaq News Agency, #ISIS claimed that the vehicular attacker in #Berlin #German is a "soldier of the Islamic State" pic.twitter.com/LZ7aJij3aG — SITE Intel Group (@siteintelgroup) December 20, 2016 2)Predictably, Amaq cites "security source" in calling #Berlin attacker #ISIS "soldier" responding to ISIS' call to attack coalition nations pic.twitter.com/seaS9chahk — Rita Katz (@Rita_Katz) December 20, 2016 3) #Berlin #Germany attack marks 3rd vehicular attack claimed by #ISIS Amaq in recent months (others: #OhioState in Nove & #Nice in July) — Rita Katz (@Rita_Katz) December 20, 2016 4) This is 1st 'Amaq claim for a attacker while still alive; attackers in #France #Russia #America #Germany, etc. all killed prior to claim — Rita Katz (@Rita_Katz) December 20, 2016 "The person who carried out the truck run over attack in Berlin is a soldier of the Islamic State and carried out the attack in response to calls for targeting citizens of the crusader coalition," the terrorist group said in its statement. But State Department spokesman John Kirby told CNN that "we don't have enough information to back up the claims by ISIS that they inspired or directed or were in any way involved in this. "We think it's prudent for the Germans to treat this as a plausible terrorist attack," Kirby told Jake Tapper. "That makes sense. There is no direct evidence." German police are continued hunting for the driver of the truck, which slammed into the downtown Christmas market late Monday. The Berlin attack marks the third assault by a vehicle the Islamic State has claimed responsibility for this year. The others include last month's attack at Ohio State University, and another in Nice, France, in July. At OSU, a Somali immigrant drove a car into a crowd — then jumped out and began stabbing people — before he was fatally shot by police. Thirteen people were hospitalized. In the French attack, 86 people died and 434 were injured when a 19-ton cargo truck was driven into crowds celebrating Bastille Day. Kirby told Tapper that the Berlin assault "bears the hallmarks of what happened in Nice in July. "We think it's prudent, obviously, to go forward with that, at least being one plausible explanation," he added. "We don't have any more information." Germany is not involved in anti-ISIS combat operations. However, it does have Tornado jets and a refueling plane stationed in Turkey to support the coalition fighting militants in Syria, as well as a frigate protecting a French aircraft carrier in the Mediterranean. The assault led other European countries to step up security efforts. Italy said it would tighten surveillance for Christmas events, including Pope Francis' appearance at St. Peter's Square, The Washington Post reports. In the Czech Republic, officials promised "massive" security at public events on Christmas and as the New Year approaches. French officials, reflecting on the July tragedy, said that security at Christmas markets were immediately reinforced. Earlier Tuesday, German authorities released a 23-year-old Pakistani asylum-seeker who was suspected of driving the truck in the Berlin attack because they lacked sufficient evidence. The truck smashed into wooden huts serving mulled wine and sausages Monday evening at the foot of the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church, one of Berlin's most famous landmarks. Thirty of the 50 people hurt sustained severe injuries, police said. The truck belonged to a Polish freight company — and its rightful driver was found shot dead in the vehicle, authorities said. The Polish truck driver had arrived hours earlier in Berlin and had spoken to his wife about 3 p.m., according to his cousin. In Germany, the Chief Federal Prosecutor's Office said in a statement it had been unable to prove the Pakistani suspect had been in the cabin of the truck at the time of the attack and said he had denied any involvement. Earlier, Die Welt newspaper quoted an unnamed police chief as saying: "We have the wrong man. And, therefore, a new situation. "The true perpetrator is still armed, at large and can cause fresh damage," the chief said. Commenting on the suspect's release Tuesday evening, German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere told ZDF television: "That's why it is true that one cannot rule out that the perpetrator is still at large." De Maiziere said there was still no doubt the Berlin incident had been an attack but the motive remained unclear. He added it was not yet known how many foreigners were among the victims of the attack, adding no children had been among the dead. News of the arrest of the Pakistani had led politicians in Germany and beyond to demand a crackdown on immigration, but Chancellor Angela Merkel urged caution. "There is much we still do not know with sufficient certainty but we must, as things stand now, assume it was a terrorist attack," she told reporters Tuesday. "I know it would be especially hard for us all to bear if it were confirmed that the person who committed this act was someone who sought protection and asylum," she added. In the United States, President-elect Donald Trump condemned the attack Tuesday — as well as the brazen shooting of Russia's ambassador to Turkey at an art exhibit earlier Monday — and Trump vowed to eradicate terrorism and its many worldwide networks. Trump called the assassination of the diplomat, Andrei Karlov, "a violation of all rules of civilized order," saying he had been killed by a "radical Islamic terrorist." The president-elect said on Twitter: Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 19, 2016 Turkish authorities identified the gunman as Mevlut Mert Altintas, a member of Ankara's riot police squad, and said he was later killed in a shootout with police. Altintas shouted in Turkish about the Syrian city of Aleppo and also yelled "Allahu akbar," Arabic for "God is great." In addition, President Barack Obama telephoned Merkel on Monday — and "the president reiterated the U.S. offer of assistance and underscored that no attack could sway our determination, and that of our German allies, to defeat terrorism in all of its forms," White House deputy press secretary Eric Schultz said. "The president expressed his appreciation for Chancellor Merkel's steadfast leadership in our shared efforts to root out the scourge of terrorism and defend our way of life," he said, according to Breitbart News. Schultz also described the assault as a "horrific apparent terrorist attack." The Associated Press and Reuters contributed to this report. Related Stories: Michelle Malkin: Left Will 'Marginalize' Terror Tie in Ambassador's Death Angus King: Trump Looking for 'Simple Answers' to Hard Questions   © 2016 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Newsfront The Islamic State claimed responsibility Tuesday for the Berlin attack Monday that killed 12 people and injured 50 others when a truck plowed through a Christmas market. Berlin, truck, attack, radical islamic terrorism 1136 Tuesday, 20 Dec 2016 02:43 PM 2016-43-20 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics 2016 Elections Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Texas Judge Halts Federal Transgender Protections in Obamacare Monday, 02 Jan 2017 21:20 PM A federal judge in Texas on Saturday ordered a halt to another Obama administration effort to strengthen transgender rig . . . Disney May Receive $50M Insurance Payout After Carrie Fisher's Death Monday, 02 Jan 2017 20:44 PM Disney could be the recipient of a $50 million insurance payout because of actress Carrie Fisher's recent death. . . . Investigators Question Israel's Netanyahu Over Alleged Receipt of Gifts Monday, 02 Jan 2017 18:08 PM Police questioned Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for three hours under caution at his official residence in Jerusalem . . . More Most Commented Official: US Expels 35 Russian Diplomats, Closes Two Compounds Thursday, 29 Dec 2016 | 1035 comments Can't wait for this idiot to get out.... WashPost: White House Searching for Ways to Punish Russian Hackers Tuesday, 27 Dec 2016 | 829 comments There is no smoking gun on this "hack" accusation. The only political... Kerry Warns Israel: Two-State Solution is the 'Only Way' Wednesday, 28 Dec 2016 | 619 comments There can be no two-state solution since the Palestinian Arabs refuse to... Trump Faces Challenges From GOP Over Border Wall, Deportation Friday, 30 Dec 2016 | 634 comments Time for all RINOs to change their ways or be on the outside looking in.... Obama Could Attempt Hail Mary to Put Garland on Supreme Court Monday, 02 Jan 2017 | 546 comments This should read ' Obama tries to circumvent the Constitution YET again'... To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
CuteGeek.com Home Reviews News Geeks Deals Bargains Gift Guides Local About Contact Themes Teal Pink Blossom Stubble Satin Dots Tile HWBOT Invite Extreme and Ambient Overclockers to Learn and Compete in the First Ever West Coast U.S. World Tour Event by Nina Pena on December 20th, 2016 Announced today, HWBOT confirms plans to host the first ever HWBOT Would Tour event on the West Coast of North America. The HWBOT World Tour Las Vegas event will be held at the GIGABYTE Suites on January 5th and 6th during the CES 2017 trade show. The event will start with a ‘Performance Matters’ launch event (with demos, speeches and a full blown party) followed by two days of overclocking workshops and contests, including the first Overclocking World Championship Qualifier. The Overclocking World Championship Qualifier will be sponsored by GIGABYTE, Intel and Seasonic and is open to all Overclockers. Day one will feature a qualification round where Overclockers battle it out across three benchmarks in just three hours. The round will involve three benchmarks with Overclockers given processors from Intel’s latest product portfolio plus the latest motherboards from GIGABYTE. The top four will be invited to return for the Semi-Finals and Finals which will be based on the same 1v1 structure used in previous World Tour events. Tickets are available from Eventbrite using the link below. Note: Attending Overclocker are asked to pledge $100 USD to book a seat in the HWBOT World Championship Qualifier. This will be reimbursed after attendance at the event. https://www.eventbrite.com/e/hwbot-world-tour-2017-las-vegas-tickets-30040853000?aff=HWTsite Good Luck to all those attending the HWBOT World Tour during CES 2017! Source and Direct Quotes from HWBOT.org   Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on PinIt (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related No Comments #CES2017 CES GIGABYTE HWBOT World Championship HWBOT Would Tour intel Las Vegas OverClockers Seasonic Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Facebook MySpace Twitter Flickr Youtube RSS Featured Post HWBOT Invite Extreme and Ambient Overclockers to Learn and Compete in the First Ever West Coast U.S. World Tour Event Announced today, HWBOT confirms plans to host the first ever HWBOT Would Tour event on the West Coast of North America. The HWBOT World Tour Las Vegas event will be held at the GIGABYTE Suites on January 5th and 6th during the CES 2017 trade show. The event will start with a ‘Performance Matters’ launch […] Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on PinIt (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Latest Videos Farewell to Cutegeek’s Mascot R… November 16th, 2016 DabKick App and Statistics of What May H… November 8th, 2016 IMAX® with Laser is Coming to Austin… September 20th, 2016 Logitech K780 Multi-Device: One Keyboard… September 14th, 2016 New York Fashion Week Live Stream September 12th, 2016 ATX Classic Game Fest 2016 August 1st, 2016 Sprint Unveils Second TV Ad Starring Pau… July 25th, 2016 Press Release: JULY DLC ANNOUNCED FOR RO… July 5th, 2016 E3 2016- My Recap June 24th, 2016 Space Foundation Accepting Nominations f… May 17th, 2016   Search Local Help & Info What:   Where:   Browse by state  » All Local Guides  » Alabama  » Alaska  » Arizona  » Arkansas  » California  » Colorado  » Connecticut  » DC  » Delaware  » Florida  » Georgia  » Hawaii  » Idaho  » Illinois  » Indiana  » Iowa  » Kansas  » Kentucky  » Louisiana  » Maine  » Maryland  » Massachusetts  » Michigan  » Minnesota  » Mississippi  » Missouri  » Montana  » Nebraska  » Nevada  » New Hampshire  » New Jersey  » New Mexico  » New York  » North Carolina  » North Dakota  » Ohio  » Oklahoma  » Oregon  » Pennsylvania  » Rhode Island  » South Carolina  » South Dakota  » Tennessee  » Texas  » Utah  » Vermont  » Virginia  » Washington  » West Virginia  » Wisconsin  » Wyoming Pages Activate Activity Groups Home Members Post Register The Geeks Contact Us Follow us About Us Advertise with us Licensing Newsletter Awards The Geeks Privacy Policy Archives December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 Categories Bargains (60) Contest (21) Featured (71) Finance (13) Gaming (34) General (747) Gift Guides (27) News (327) Podcasts (19) Reviews (222) Videos (59) Copyright 2010 © CuteGeek.com, All Rights Reserved. All trademarks mentioned on this page are the property of their respective owners. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Infinite Loop / The Apple Ecosystem Report: Apple’s Mac team gets a lot less attention than before Divided efforts and an iOS emphasis could explain the Mac’s diminished profile. by Andrew Cunningham - Dec 20, 2016 9:35 pm UTC Login to bookmark 312 Enlarge / Organizational changes within Apple could explain why we see new Macs like the Retina MacBook less frequently and regularly than we used to. Andrew Cunningham In an internal memo circulated yesterday, Apple CEO Tim Cook reaffirmed the company's commitment to the Mac in general and the Mac desktop in particular. Apple's desktops haven't been updated for years, and the Mac Mini and Mac Pro haven't been refreshed even longer. The lack of updates has prompted speculation and scrutiny among the press and the wider Apple enthusiast community. Though that memo was circulated to the press, its intended audience was Apple's employees. Cook specifically tries to address doubts among Apple's teams about the Mac's importance: If there’s any doubt about that with our teams, let me be very clear: we have great desktops in our roadmap. Nobody should worry about that. Those lines are especially interesting in light of a long report from Bloomberg today that indicates the Mac is "getting far less attention than it once did" inside the company. There are some rational explanations for this, as we've written before: Intel releases new chips less frequently than it once did, and when it does launch new products, they tend to bring only incremental improvements over their predecessors. The Mac also represents less of Apple's revenue than it did even five or six years ago—it usually generates somewhere between 10 and 12 percent of Apple's revenue, compared to 60 percent or more for the iPhone. But persons "familiar with the matter" detail to Bloomberg a few organizational changes that have negatively impacted the Mac and delayed some products past their originally planned ship dates. Meetings between Mac engineers and Jony Ive's design team, once a weekly occurrence, have reportedly become less frequent since Ive delegated some of his day-to-day tasks to other employees last year. When developing new designs, the modern-day Apple is also apparently more willing to develop and test multiple ideas at the same time. This divides engineers' efforts and slows things down. The 12-inch MacBook, for instance, was originally slated to ship in 2014 instead of 2015, but the team had to divide its efforts to develop both the current thin, light model and a "less ambitious" and slightly heavier version of the same concept. A problem with the redesigned batteries for the new MacBook Pros meant that they needed to be replaced, and engineering attention was diverted from other Macs to fix the issue. The problem with the redesigned batteries could account for the mediocre battery life that some users are reporting in the new models; the original batteries would have been molded to fill every nook and cranny inside the MacBook Pro's chassis à la the 12-inch MacBook, potentially increasing overall battery capacity. Finally, the report says there is no longer a dedicated team working on macOS—just one big team developing both macOS and iOS. The software that ships on the more profitable devices usually gets most of the attention. This could also explain why the iPad only seems to get specific consideration in fits and starts; it got major new features like Split View in iOS 9 last year but few exclusive improvements in iOS 10 this year. All of these problems have allegedly led to the departure of Mac engineers to other teams within Apple and at other companies. Though the Mac isn't as important to Apple's bottom line as it once was, the computers are still foundational to Apple's ecosystem. The Google Play app store has caught up to Apple's in many ways, but it's still common for high-profile apps and games like Super Mario Run to either come to iOS first or be iOS-exclusive. That development still needs to happen on Macs. Efforts like iOS 10's Swift Playgrounds app suggest that Apple is working on developer tools like Xcode for the iPad, but nothing has been officially announced or released yet. It's in Apple's best interests to keep those developers and other professional audiences happy with consistent refreshes and with high-end, high-performance desktops like the Mac Pro. Internal problems or no, Apple is still working on new Macs for next year. iMacs with USB-C ports (which are likely to be Thunderbolt 3 ports, as well) and new AMD GPUs based on the Polaris architecture are reportedly in the pipeline, as are refreshed versions of the MacBook and MacBook Pro with Intel's next-generation "Kaby Lake" processors. Apple is "exploring" options for a Touch Bar-enabled desktop keyboard. But there are no specific predictions about the Mac Mini or Mac Pro. Whether those computers will be refreshed, soldier on as they are, or be discontinued entirely is anybody's guess. Expand full story Reader comments 312 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Andrew Cunningham / Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Live View of the 5th Ave Entrance to Trump Tower in NYC Heavy Fog Covers the Empire State Building in NYC Live Look at Capitol Building in Washington D.C. RADAR: Heavy Rain & Thunderstorms Moving East Live Look at a Bald Eagle Nest Cam in Fort Myers, Florida Live Look: Stargazer Ranch Alpaca Cam Live Look at the Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbour Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video Far Right Seeks to Exploit Christmas Market Attack, but Impact on Angela Merkel May Be Limited By Michael Edison Hayden Close Follow on Twitter More from Michael Dec 20, 2016, 4:24 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star PlaySean Gallup/Getty Images WATCH German Chancellor Merkel Lays Flowers at Site of Berlin Attack 0 Shares Email The attack on a Christmas market in a public square in Berlin, which killed at least 12 people, comes at a time when German Chancellor Angela Merkel faces increasing criticism from far-right groups for refusing to adopt a hard-line position on immigration. "This is a difficult day. I am, like millions of people during these hours, horrified and shocked by what happened at the Breitscheidplatz in Berlin," said Merkel, who is vying for her fourth consecutive term as chancellor. Not everyone in the country sided with Merkel's leadership in the hours after the attack. Most notable among them was Marcus Pretzell, a member of the European Parliament for the Alternative for Germany (AFG), a hard-right, anti-immigration party. He referred to the victims of the tragedy as "Merkel's dead" in a post on Twitter, implying that refugees and immigrants welcomed into the country by Merkel were responsible for the deaths. Martin Meissner/AP Photo German chancellor Angela Merkel votes at the general party conference of the Christian Democratic Union, CDU, in Essen, Germany, Dec. 7, 2016. Earlier today, a Pakistani man initially detained in connection with the attack was released from custody because of insufficient evidence, the country's federal prosecutor said, increasing the likelihood that other suspects are still at large. The man, who has not been publicly named, had a pending asylum case. He first entered Germany on Dec. 31, 2015, and arrived in Berlin in February, the country's interior minister said earlier today. He was not on any terrorist watch list and quickly denied involvement in the attack, according to Berlin police. The terrorist group ISIS has claimed responsibility for the attack, according to the SITE Intel Group, which provides extremist monitoring services to governments, corporations and individuals, according to its website. The lack of known suspects did not stop Pretzell and other European far-right leaders, such as Geert Wilders, an anti-immigration politician from the Netherlands, from attempting to exploit the tragedy for political gain. Wilders had posted a doctored image on Twitter of Merkel with blood smeared across her hands. Nationalist, anti-immigration sentiment has been rising throughout the West in recent years, as highlighted by the success of President-elect Donald Trump and the Brexit vote in the U.K. this June. Merkel has changed her tune on the refugee crisis, adopting a more conservative voice on immigration issues after a wave of terrorist attacks in the summer led to backlash. Quentin Peel, an associate fellow with the Europe program at Chatham House, a London think tank, spoke to ABC News about the aftermath of the attacks. According to him, a far-right sentiment has been rising throughout the West, but it was unlikely to affect Merkel's election chances in 2017. "I would expect an incident like this attack to lead to a great coming together of the country for Germany," he said in a phone interview. "Merkel is seen as Germany's steady hand and is mostly regarded a calming influence." Peel noted that Merkel's support among conservatives has been shaken by groups like the AFG, which he said are strongest in areas of eastern Germany, where economic issues are prominent and immigration has been limited. He said German leaders were less vulnerable to far-right challengers than other European nations because of the country's comparative economic strength. Referring to the rising popularity in France of the National Front, led by Marine Le Pen, who is known for her staunch anti-immigration views, he said the AFG is considerably weaker and poses less of a threat to Merkel's power. "Merkel has shown the German people a willingness to face immigration issues," Peel said, citing to her move to the right in recent months. "But she will do it in a tolerant and nonextremist way." 0 Shares Email Star Comments " Far Right Seeks to Exploit Christmas Market Attack, but Impact on Merkel May Be Limited " Trump Is No 'Email Person' but 'Knows Things About Hacking' US-Led Coalition Service Member Dies in Iraq " 4 Dead from Suspected Pesticide Poisoning at Texas Home " Family Sues Apple, Claims FaceTime Distracted Driver in Fatal Crash Democrats Extol Health Care Law in Bid to Derail GOP Repeal 10-Month-Old Revived Twice After Being Exposed to Fentanyl " Retired Marine With Double Arm Transplant Wiggles Fingers " Year-Long Digital Detox Left Woman Feeling 'Grateful of Every Moment' " Last Dog Adopted During Shelter Clear-Out Gets Sweet Sendoff " Parents Outraged Over Alleged Hatchimal Toy Fails " Dylann Roof Faces Sentencing in Federal Death Penalty Case Pope to Bishops: Maintain 'Zero Tolerance' for Child Abuse " For Trump, the 1980s Still Hold Relevance Federal Prosecutor Tackles Heroin Scourge That Claimed Son 3 Released in Dakota Access Pipeline Stadium Protest Israeli Police Question Netanyahu Over Corruption Allegation " Queen Elizabeth II Misses Church Again, Raising Health Concerns " Dick Clark Productions Rejects Mariah Carey's Sabotage Claim " What Happened During Mariah Carey's New Year's Performance " Lauren Conrad Is Pregnant Kremlin Visit for Children of Diplomats Expelled by US " Time Lapse of Rolling Smog Gives Glimpse of Beijing's Pollution Problem " 'Bachelor' 'Definitely Remembers' One-Night Stand With Contestant " Injured Dog Stranded on Train Tracks Is Protected by Furry Friend " How Celebrities Rang in 2017
Menu CLOSE News Videos Whitepapers eBooks Advertise Contact Us HOT TOPICS Nokia     Nokia Real-Time Mobile Network Analytics Improves End-to-End Mobile Service Delivery Customer Criteria for Choosing a Mobile Operator Vodafone says 76 percent of Companies Believe IoT is Critical to Future Success Stay Safe, San Diego: Nokia Bolsters Public Safety Systems The Array of Things (AoT) Project Selects AT&T for its Network Connectivity FEATURE NEWS BlackBerry Becomes Software Services Company, Targets Secure Autonomous Cars By Rob Enderle December 20, 2016 2016 will be a year BlackBerry will be glad to look back on. It will likely do so with some pride because this was the year that BlackBerry completed its transition and finally became the software and services company it has been transitioning into.   Currently reporting growth in this new segment of 30 percent and Gross Margins in the 70 percent range, this is the kind of transition Sun Microsystems had hoped, but failed, to achieve and the one that HP, now HPE, attempted and failed with— showcasing that this is anything but easy.  Let’s talk about the autonomous car opportunity and why it is just a small piece of a much larger emerging market of increasingly smart tools.  Autonomous Cars Currently, this technology is in test all over the world with each of the major car makers, Uber, and technology companies like NVIDIA and Intel working in this space.  The reason the car companies are in this is clear because this feature represents a change in line with the development of the internal combustion engine in terms of its capability to massively change the car market.  For instance, Uber’s very aggressive plan is to use its service and automated cars to remove the incentives surrounding car ownership.  In Uber’s planned future we don’t own cars, we have a car service that picks us up and drops us off wherever we want to go.  Cars are then kept in holding areas charging for when they may be needed, and the experience is more like that in an elevator in terms of automation, safety and overall experience than in a car.   To give you an idea of what that car might look like, Harmon and Rinspeed created the Oasis, and it is a strong representation of what a future autonomous car from Uber might look like, but without a steering wheel.  But it’s not just cars that are getting this technology; in rural areas they are working on people-carrying drones, which are under test in Nevada. These could eventually make expanding roads unnecessary and make traffic, as we now know it, a thing of the past.  This just showcases how fast this technology is moving; we don’t even have autonomous cars on the road outside of tests and already we are into testing for autonomous planes, which would likely use the same flying infrastructure currently being created for delivery drones, some of which are very large.  Those drones will require similar autonomy and intelligence.   Even DHL is in the hunt for this new delivery method and is testing automated trucks that can deploy hybrid drones automatically in what appears to be a far more advanced solution than Amazon currently has.  But Once You Get Cars And Planes… Once you have solved the problem of navigating on roads and in the air, navigating in the home and in companies becomes far easier. This would allow this same technology to be adapted to robotics and, while the drone market is massive, the robotics market has the potential to match the cell phone market in size, providing robotic assistants to people in developed countries all over the world.   Some of these things have yet to cross over from being really creepy, but once machines can think, see, and make determinations autonomously, they’ll likely be much better.  Applications are as diverse as our imaginations and, unlike people, they can be specifically designed to perform certain tasks.   In short, once you have an intelligence platform, the total available market for it is almost unbelievably large.    BlackBerry’s Edge We have a lot of companies in the chase for this illusive market opportunity, each with unique capabilities and skills.  What BlackBerry brings to the table is security, and this may actually become the killer aspect of its offering.  If these robotic devices become compromised they could do a lot of damage. We’ve recently seen how humans turned trucks into weapons, and if enough autonomous cars, trucks, and planes were compromised at once they could do an unprecedented amount of damage. Thus, ensuring this can’t happen will likely become a defining competitive advantage for BlackBerry’s offering. Wrapping Up: BlackBerry’s transition is impressive; moving from hardware to software and services is anything but easy, and most companies that have tried this have failed.  BlackBerry is the exception and, now that they have largely completed the transition, it is pivoting to technology that could be used in autonomous cars, planes, and eventually robotics, providing a solid future for the company.  Its competitive edge is security and, given the risk of these things becoming weaponized, that competitive edge could well define them as a leader in this segment.   Apparently, the new BlackBerry is less about smartphones and more about smart everything else.  Go figure…   Edited by Alicia Young Author Info Rob Enderle President and Principal Analyst, Enderle Group Click here to read full bio SHARE THIS ARTICLE Tweet Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Related Articles The Myths and Legends of Artificial Intelligence By: Special Guest    12/27/2016 Artificial intelligence, or AI, is the hot and trending topic everyone's been talking about these days. Industries like healthcare, manufacturing, tra… Read More Autonomous Vehicles Gain Powerful Ally: The US Government By: Lindsey Patterson    12/27/2016 Safety and lack of federal regulations seem to have a monopoly on the hampering growth of self-driving cars. The safety of self-driving vehicles has r… Read More The Massive Changes of 2016 By: Rob Enderle    12/26/2016 Granted, it is hard to top the result of the U.S. Presidential Election where we ended up with the first true political outsider as a President in my … Read More Online Games Shifting From Your Desktop to Your Pocket By: Special Guest    12/21/2016 Pokemon Go, and its incredible popularity, touched on something that may be the future of mobile gaming, and entertainment in general, namely interact… Read More Satellite-filled Sky for New Apps & Broadband in 2017 and Beyond By: Doug Mohney    12/21/2016 Once an exotic tool for governments and the Fortune 500, satellites are now beaming back increasing amounts of information for the Internet of Things … Read More View All News WHAT'S HOT The Myths and Legends of Artificial Intelligence Autonomous Vehicles Gain Powerful Ally: The US Government The Massive Changes of 2016 FEATURED VIDEOS ConnectLeader WATCH NOW ConnectLeader WATCH NOW XKL at TEX 2016 WATCH NOW Richard McFarland of Voice4Net at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW Bent Rye of Temasys at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW FEATURED EVENTS Featured Editors Rob Enderle Latest Article: The Massive Changes of 2016 Doug Mohney Latest Article: Satellite-filled Sky for New Apps & Broadband in 2017 and Beyond Peter Bernstein Latest Article: Municipal Broadband Future Problematic, FCC State Preemption Order Nixed by U.S. Appeals Court Subscribe Newsletter Sing up to receive our updates and other Techzone360 news! FEATURED WHITEPAPERS High Availability DNS Reduces Downtime Risk and Improves End-User Experience DOWNLOAD NOW Delivering the Promise and Value Through Outsourcing DOWNLOAD NOW High-Performance Data Architectures for the IoT: A GridGain Systems In-Memory Computing White Paper DOWNLOAD NOW Advanced Process Automation: Setting New Standards of Service in Front & Back Office Operations DOWNLOAD NOW Four Futurists Give Insight into What It Means to be a Social Business DOWNLOAD NOW LATEST COMMENTS Updates Your Way... likes facebook tweets twitter eNews SUBSCRIBE shares RSS TECHZONE360 35 Nutmeg Drive Suite 340, Trumbull, Connecticut 06611 USA 800-243-6002, 203-852-6800; 203-866-3326 Quick Links VIDEOS EBOOKS ADVERTISE CONTACT US LATEST ARTICLES The Myths and Legends of Artificial Intelligence Autonomous Vehicles Gain Powerful Ally: The US Government The Massive Changes of 2016 Online Games Shifting From Your Desktop to Your Pocket Satellite-filled Sky for New Apps & Broadband in 2017 and Beyond Powered by TMC © 2017 All Rights Reserved
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Men, No Viagra Needed If You Do This Once Daily - Fixes ED Home | Newsfront Tags: Donald Trump | ISIS/Islamic State | Syria | War on Terrorism | Berlin | truck | attack Report: ISIS Claims Responsibility for Berlin Attack (AP Photo) By Todd Beamon   |   Tuesday, 20 Dec 2016 02:43 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    The Islamic State  claimed responsibility Tuesday for the Berlin attack Monday that killed 12 people and injured 50 others when a truck plowed through a Christmas market. ISIS made its declaration — saying the driver was a "soldier of the Islamic State" — through its AMAQ News Agency, which was confirmed via several Twitter posts by the SITE Intelligence Group: Through it's 'Amaq News Agency, #ISIS claimed that the vehicular attacker in #Berlin #German is a "soldier of the Islamic State" pic.twitter.com/LZ7aJij3aG — SITE Intel Group (@siteintelgroup) December 20, 2016 2)Predictably, Amaq cites "security source" in calling #Berlin attacker #ISIS "soldier" responding to ISIS' call to attack coalition nations pic.twitter.com/seaS9chahk — Rita Katz (@Rita_Katz) December 20, 2016 3) #Berlin #Germany attack marks 3rd vehicular attack claimed by #ISIS Amaq in recent months (others: #OhioState in Nove & #Nice in July) — Rita Katz (@Rita_Katz) December 20, 2016 4) This is 1st 'Amaq claim for a attacker while still alive; attackers in #France #Russia #America #Germany, etc. all killed prior to claim — Rita Katz (@Rita_Katz) December 20, 2016 "The person who carried out the truck run over attack in Berlin is a soldier of the Islamic State and carried out the attack in response to calls for targeting citizens of the crusader coalition," the terrorist group said in its statement. But State Department spokesman John Kirby told CNN that "we don't have enough information to back up the claims by ISIS that they inspired or directed or were in any way involved in this. "We think it's prudent for the Germans to treat this as a plausible terrorist attack," Kirby told Jake Tapper. "That makes sense. There is no direct evidence." German police are continued hunting for the driver of the truck, which slammed into the downtown Christmas market late Monday. The Berlin attack marks the third assault by a vehicle the Islamic State has claimed responsibility for this year. The others include last month's attack at Ohio State University, and another in Nice, France, in July. At OSU, a Somali immigrant drove a car into a crowd — then jumped out and began stabbing people — before he was fatally shot by police. Thirteen people were hospitalized. In the French attack, 86 people died and 434 were injured when a 19-ton cargo truck was driven into crowds celebrating Bastille Day. Kirby told Tapper that the Berlin assault "bears the hallmarks of what happened in Nice in July. "We think it's prudent, obviously, to go forward with that, at least being one plausible explanation," he added. "We don't have any more information." Germany is not involved in anti-ISIS combat operations. However, it does have Tornado jets and a refueling plane stationed in Turkey to support the coalition fighting militants in Syria, as well as a frigate protecting a French aircraft carrier in the Mediterranean. The assault led other European countries to step up security efforts. Italy said it would tighten surveillance for Christmas events, including Pope Francis' appearance at St. Peter's Square, The Washington Post reports. In the Czech Republic, officials promised "massive" security at public events on Christmas and as the New Year approaches. French officials, reflecting on the July tragedy, said that security at Christmas markets were immediately reinforced. Earlier Tuesday, German authorities released a 23-year-old Pakistani asylum-seeker who was suspected of driving the truck in the Berlin attack because they lacked sufficient evidence. The truck smashed into wooden huts serving mulled wine and sausages Monday evening at the foot of the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church, one of Berlin's most famous landmarks. Thirty of the 50 people hurt sustained severe injuries, police said. The truck belonged to a Polish freight company — and its rightful driver was found shot dead in the vehicle, authorities said. The Polish truck driver had arrived hours earlier in Berlin and had spoken to his wife about 3 p.m., according to his cousin. In Germany, the Chief Federal Prosecutor's Office said in a statement it had been unable to prove the Pakistani suspect had been in the cabin of the truck at the time of the attack and said he had denied any involvement. Earlier, Die Welt newspaper quoted an unnamed police chief as saying: "We have the wrong man. And, therefore, a new situation. "The true perpetrator is still armed, at large and can cause fresh damage," the chief said. Commenting on the suspect's release Tuesday evening, German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere told ZDF television: "That's why it is true that one cannot rule out that the perpetrator is still at large." De Maiziere said there was still no doubt the Berlin incident had been an attack but the motive remained unclear. He added it was not yet known how many foreigners were among the victims of the attack, adding no children had been among the dead. News of the arrest of the Pakistani had led politicians in Germany and beyond to demand a crackdown on immigration, but Chancellor Angela Merkel urged caution. "There is much we still do not know with sufficient certainty but we must, as things stand now, assume it was a terrorist attack," she told reporters Tuesday. "I know it would be especially hard for us all to bear if it were confirmed that the person who committed this act was someone who sought protection and asylum," she added. In the United States, President-elect Donald Trump condemned the attack Tuesday — as well as the brazen shooting of Russia's ambassador to Turkey at an art exhibit earlier Monday — and Trump vowed to eradicate terrorism and its many worldwide networks. Trump called the assassination of the diplomat, Andrei Karlov, "a violation of all rules of civilized order," saying he had been killed by a "radical Islamic terrorist." The president-elect said on Twitter: Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 19, 2016 Turkish authorities identified the gunman as Mevlut Mert Altintas, a member of Ankara's riot police squad, and said he was later killed in a shootout with police. Altintas shouted in Turkish about the Syrian city of Aleppo and also yelled "Allahu akbar," Arabic for "God is great." In addition, President Barack Obama telephoned Merkel on Monday — and "the president reiterated the U.S. offer of assistance and underscored that no attack could sway our determination, and that of our German allies, to defeat terrorism in all of its forms," White House deputy press secretary Eric Schultz said. "The president expressed his appreciation for Chancellor Merkel's steadfast leadership in our shared efforts to root out the scourge of terrorism and defend our way of life," he said, according to Breitbart News. Schultz also described the assault as a "horrific apparent terrorist attack." The Associated Press and Reuters contributed to this report. Related Stories: Michelle Malkin: Left Will 'Marginalize' Terror Tie in Ambassador's Death Angus King: Trump Looking for 'Simple Answers' to Hard Questions   © 2016 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Newsfront The Islamic State claimed responsibility Tuesday for the Berlin attack Monday that killed 12 people and injured 50 others when a truck plowed through a Christmas market. Berlin, truck, attack, radical islamic terrorism 1136 Tuesday, 20 Dec 2016 02:43 PM 2016-43-20 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics 2016 Elections Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Texas Judge Halts Federal Transgender Protections in Obamacare Monday, 02 Jan 2017 21:20 PM A federal judge in Texas on Saturday ordered a halt to another Obama administration effort to strengthen transgender rig . . . Disney May Receive $50M Insurance Payout After Carrie Fisher's Death Monday, 02 Jan 2017 20:44 PM Disney could be the recipient of a $50 million insurance payout because of actress Carrie Fisher's recent death. . . . Investigators Question Israel's Netanyahu Over Alleged Receipt of Gifts Monday, 02 Jan 2017 18:08 PM Police questioned Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for three hours under caution at his official residence in Jerusalem . . . More Most Commented Official: US Expels 35 Russian Diplomats, Closes Two Compounds Thursday, 29 Dec 2016 | 1035 comments Can't wait for this idiot to get out.... WashPost: White House Searching for Ways to Punish Russian Hackers Tuesday, 27 Dec 2016 | 829 comments There is no smoking gun on this "hack" accusation. The only political... Kerry Warns Israel: Two-State Solution is the 'Only Way' Wednesday, 28 Dec 2016 | 619 comments There can be no two-state solution since the Palestinian Arabs refuse to... Trump Faces Challenges From GOP Over Border Wall, Deportation Friday, 30 Dec 2016 | 634 comments Time for all RINOs to change their ways or be on the outside looking in.... Obama Could Attempt Hail Mary to Put Garland on Supreme Court Monday, 02 Jan 2017 | 546 comments This should read ' Obama tries to circumvent the Constitution YET again'... To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Your browser is not supported. Please upgrade to one of the following browsers: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Apple Safari Microsoft Internet Explorer 8+ You may proceed to the site by clicking here, however some pages might not work correctly. Follow us on:   RealMoney Home Asset Class US Equity Global Equity & Income Fixed Income Commodities Currencies Specialty Sector Basic Materials Consumer Cyclicals Consumer Staples Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Real Estate Technology Telecom Services Transportation Utilities Latest Articles Videos Columnist Conversations Author Jim Cramer Jim "Rev Shark" DePorre Jack Mohr Roger Arnold Daniel Dicker Eric Jackson Chris Laudani Helene Meisler Tim Melvin Brian Sozzi - See All - Street Notes TheStreet RMPIA Switch to Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker MainStreet Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stockpickr Stocks Under $10 TheStreet Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks US Equity | Technology Conflicting Signals Abound for Apple's $22 Billion Mac Business By Eric Jhonsa Follow  | Dec 20, 2016 | 5:57 PM EST Tweet 0Comment Email Print Tweet Comment 0 Stock quotes in this article: amd, aapl, intc It has been an odd couple of months for Apple's (AAPL)  Mac business, which still accounts for over 10% of the company's sales. Apple has refreshed one important Mac product line to decent reviews, and just affirmed its commitment to another part of the business. Yet questions about the Mac line's strategic direction, and which parts of the PC market it plans to target going forward, have grown larger than ever. In a post on an internal Apple message board that answered a series of employee questions, Tim Cook responded to a question about whether Mac desktops remain "strategic" to his company by insisting it's very much due to the performance/feature advantages desktops can provide relative to notebooks, and promising Apple has "great desktops on our roadmap." The remarks arrive about two months after Apple overhauled its MacBook Pro high-end notebook line by launching systems sporting faster CPUs, GPUs and flash storage, along with an OLED touch strip (known as the Touch Bar) that provides different controls and input options from one app to the next. No desktops were revealed at the event, and together with the fact Apple's iMac, Mac Mini and Mac Pro desktop lines haven't respectively been refreshed since 2015, 2014 and 2013, this had stoked fears Apple was putting Mac desktops on the back burner. But Cook said nothing in his post about refreshing the MacBook Air, Apple's cheapest product line for a notebook market whose size now easily dwarfs that of the desktop market, and from all signs a big part of its consumer Mac business in recent years. The Air line, which starts at $999, was last updated in early 2015. Apple is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer buys or sells AAPL? Learn more now. Since then, Intel (INTC) has twice refreshed its processor lineup -- first with its Skylake architecture in 2015, and then in recent months with its Kaby Lake architecture -- something that has made the Air's internals look outdated relative to rival thin-and-light notebooks. Outside of the Air line, Apple's cheapest notebook is the 12-inch retina MacBook, which starts at $1,299 and was refreshed with Skylake processors this spring. Meanwhile, a Tuesday Bloomberg report from the well-connected Mark Gurman states "the Mac is getting far less attention [within Apple] than it once did." The Mac team has reportedly "lost clout" with Jony Ive's industrial design team, and workers talk of "a lack of clear direction from senior management, departures of key people working on Mac hardware and technical challenges" that have led to product delays. Gurman adds Apple has restructured its software engineering division so that there's no longer a dedicated MacOS team -- there's now just a single OS team that tends to prioritize iOS -- and is prepping only "modest updates" to its Mac line for 2017. New iMacs will reportedly feature high-speed USB-C ports and AMD  (AMD) GPUs -- one has to think new Intel CPUs will also arrive -- and the MacBook Pro and 12-inch MacBook will receive "minor bumps in processing power." And as questions mount about the extent of Apple's Mac commitment, the company has dialed up its efforts to market the iPad Pro -- offered via 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch models that respectively start at $599 and $799 -- as a computer, rather than just a powerful tablet. Apple has also been steadily adding to iOS' multitasking abilities and baking more enterprise-friendly features into the OS. In addition, new iPad Pro models sporting 12.9-inch and 10.5-inch screens are reportedly due in 2017, and an iPad with a flexible OLED display is rumored to be in the pipeline for 2018. All the same, convincing MacOS and Windows users to ditch their notebooks in favor of a device lacking USB or mouse support often won't be easy. And while PC sales are certainly slumping, tablet sales (iPad or otherwise) haven't been booming either during the last few years. Strong iPad Pro sales allowed Apple to register positive annual iPad revenue growth for the first time in years during its June quarter (revenue was flat in the September quarter). But Apple's total iPad revenue only amounted to $4.3 billion last quarter, less than Mac revenue of $5.7 billion in spite of a 17% annual sales drop for the latter ahead of the MacBook Pro refresh. It should be noted Apple has a history of making controversial technology bets that in time end up looking brilliant or at least ahead of the curve. The company's decision not to support Adobe Flash on iOS fits the bill, as does doing away with DVD drives and removable batteries on MacBooks and aggressively embracing flash storage within iPods. And of course, there's the iPhone, which in several ways rewrote the rules on what a smartphone should look like and in doing so spawned the world's most profitable consumer electronics business. Thus, if Apple has decided to steer cost-sensitive notebook buyers towards the iPad Pro, and more broadly pay less attention to its Mac operations relative to its mobile hardware and software, it deserves the benefit of the doubt. Still, until either Mac or iPad sales pick up meaningfully, concerns about where a 32-year-old business doing over $22 billion in annual sales is headed will understandably remain. Get an email alert each time I write an article for Real Money. Click the "+Follow" next to my byline to this article. More From Eric Jhonsa Apple Has a Lot to Lose if its Favorable Chinese Manufacturing Deals Unravel Holiday Phone Activations Bode Well for Apple's iPhone 7-Plus Sales 5 Tech Predictions That Didn't Come True in 2016, and What to Learn from Them Employees of TheStreet are restricted from trading individual securities. Tags: Equities | technology | hardware | Consumer Durables BEST IDEAS SEE MORE» REAL MONEY'S BEST IDEAS SEE MORE» News Breaks Powered by See More » BROKERAGE PARTNERS Select the service that's right for you! COMPARE ALL SERVICES >> Action Alerts PLUS Portfolio Manager Jim Cramer and Director of Research Jack Mohr reveal their investment tactics while giving advanced notice before every trade. Product Features: $2.5+ million portfolio Large-cap and dividend focus Intraday trade alerts from Cramer Weekly roundups Real Money Pro All of Real Money, plus 15 more of Wall Street's sharpest minds delivering actionable trading ideas, a comprehensive look at the market, and fundamental and technical analysis. Product Features: Real Money + Doug Kass plus 15 more Wall Street Pros Intraday commentary and news Ultra-actionable trading ideas Trifecta Stocks Trifecta Stocks analyzes over 4,000 equities weekly to find the elite 1% of stocks that pass rigorous quantitative, fundamental and technical tests. Product Features: Model portfolio Trade alerts Recommendations for over 4,300 stocks Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks Stocks Under $10 David Peltier uncovers low dollar stocks with serious upside potential that are flying under Wall Street's radar. Product Features: Model portfolio Stocks trading below $10 Intraday trade alerts Weekly roundups Quant Ratings Access the tool that dominates the Russell 2000 & the S&P 500. Product Features: Buy, hold, or sell recommendations for over 4,300 stocks Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks A custom stock screener Upgrade/downgrade alerts Dividend Stock Advisor David Peltier identifies the best of breed dividend stocks that will pay a reliable AND significant income stream. Product Features: Biweekly dividend newsletter Diversifed model portfolio of dividend stocks Intraday trade alerts Growth Seeker Chris Versace and Lenore Elle Hawkins, using sophisticated stock screening and fundamental research, identify high potential growth small and mid-cap stocks. Product Features: Model portfolio Small-cap and mid-cap focus Intraday trade alerts Weekly roundups Top Stocks With Top Stocks, Helene Meisler uses short and long-term indicators to pinpoint imminent breakouts in stocks. Product Features: Daily trading ideas and technical analysis Daily market commentary and analysis Except as otherwise indicated, quotes are delayed. Quotes delayed at least 20 minutes for all exchanges. Market Data provided by Interactive Data. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings and ratings provided by Zacks. Mutual fund data provided by Valueline. ETF data provided by Lipper. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. TheStreet Ratings updates stock ratings daily. However, if no rating change occurs, the data on this page does not update. The data does update after 90 days if no rating change occurs within that time period. IDC calculates the Market Cap for the basic symbol to include common shares only. Year-to-date mutual fund returns are calculated on a monthly basis by Value Line and posted mid-month. About Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Customer Service Advertise With Us © 1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. SPONSORED LINKS SPONSORED LINKS
Latest News Dow 19,763 -57.18 -0.29% Nasdaq 5,383 -48.97 -0.90% S&P 500 2,239 -10.43 -0.46% 9:24 P.M. ET Updated My husband can’t get a loan — his bad credit rating is ruining our marriage 8:58 P.M. ET CEOs pandering to Trump risks dangerous ‘caudillo capitalism’ 8:58 P.M. ET U.S. stocks riding a bull market in corruption 5:00 P.M. ET The best stocks for 2017 might be the worst performers of 2016 4:27 P.M. ET Updated The 5 tech trends that will dominate CES and 2017 4:25 P.M. ET Updated 10 things you should NOT buy in 2017 3:25 P.M. ET Updated Why you should listen to Harry Dent even if you don’t believe a word 2:48 P.M. ET Islamic State Claims Responsibility for Istanbul Attack 2:09 P.M. ET Updated I’m a former health insurance CEO and this is what Obamacare repeal will do 2:00 P.M. ET Updated 7 money resolutions to make this year 1:53 P.M. ET Updated 5 people getting even richer off your New Year’s resolutions 1:02 P.M. ET Updated Single in 2017? Here are the 10 biggest online dating photo mistakes 12:31 P.M. ET Updated Avoid these common mistakes if you’re filing for divorce in January 12:30 P.M. ET Updated $1 billion in gift cards go unused every year — here’s how to avoid that 12:11 P.M. ET Updated Trump’s tough China talk fails one key reality check 12:10 P.M. ET Updated Why Donald Trump is no Ronald Reagan 12:10 P.M. ET Updated Italian stocks rally, driving Europe markets to a stronger start for 2017 12:00 P.M. ET Ditch your New Year’s resolutions and set 3 realistic money goals for 2017 10:58 A.M. ET Updated 6 tips to help you (almost) have it all 10:55 A.M. ET Updated In 2017, I’m quitting the gym in favor of a Jane Fonda workout at home Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release BBSI Appoints Vince Price to its Board of Directors By Published: Dec 20, 2016 5:05 p.m. ET Share VANCOUVER, WA, Dec 20, 2016 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- VANCOUVER, WA--(Marketwired - Dec 20, 2016) - Barrett Business Services, Inc. (BBSI) BBSI, -0.93% a leading provider of business management solutions, has appointed Vincent P. Price to its board of directors effective January 1, 2017. His appointment expands the board to eight members. Price currently serves as executive vice president and chief financial officer of Cambia Health Solutions, a company dedicated to transforming health care by creating a person-focused and economically sustainable system. Vince joined Cambia in 2009, having previously spent 15 years as a senior finance executive with Intel, followed by seven years as a consultant and CFO for a start-up. In addition to joining BBSI's board of directors, he currently serves on the board of trustees of the Oregon Health Sciences University Foundation as well as a mutual fund serving the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Companies. BBSI Chairman Anthony Meeker commented: "Vince is a highly seasoned executive who brings a wealth of corporate, financial and insurance expertise to our board. He will be a valuable asset to BBSI as he is well acquainted with the realities and business needs of fast-growing organizations." Price received his bachelor's degree in business from South Dakota State University and his MBA from Arizona State University. "Vince has brought financial leadership to a diverse set of organizations over the course of his career," said Michael Elich, president and CEO of BBSI. "His track record of helping companies to innovate while remaining strategically and financially sound will be invaluable to BBSI as we grow." Price commented: "BBSI's strategy of advocating for the success of small-and mid-sized business owners delivers unique value to the market. I plan to utilize my expertise to provide valuable insights while supporting the long-term relevance of the organization." About BBSI BBSI BBSI, -0.93% is a leading provider of business management solutions, combining human resource outsourcing and professional management consulting to create a unique operational platform that differentiates it from competitors. The Company's integrated platform is built upon expertise in payroll processing, employee benefits, workers' compensation coverage, risk management and workplace safety programs, and human resource administration. BBSI's partnerships help businesses of all sizes improve the efficiency of their operations. The Company works with more than 4,500 clients across all lines of business in 23 states. For more information, please visit www.barrettbusiness.com. Forward-Looking Statements Statements in this release about future plans, expectations or performance are forward-looking statements which involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results of the Company to be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Important factors that may affect the Company's future prospects are described in the Company's 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Investor Relations: Liolios Cody Slach Tel 1-949-574-3860 Email Contact � 2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Glass castle in Bel Air sells for $39 million View More Opinion These five investments make the perfect all-around portfolio for 2017 View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Credit 30 credit cards and a score of 805? The Points Guy shares his secrets View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Barrett Business Services Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: BBSI $64.10 -0.60 (-0.93%) Volume 25187 Open $64.70 High $64.78 Low $63.09 P/E Ratio 21.51 Div Yield 1.37 Market Cap 464.3M Barrett Business Services Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: BBSI $64.10 -0.60 (-0.93%) Volume 25187 Open $64.70 High $64.78 Low $63.09 P/E Ratio 21.51 Div Yield 1.37 Market Cap 464.3M LatestNews
Tech Entertainment Business Social Deals Podcast About Computers Apple had some daring MacBook features in the works that never saw the light of day Chris Smith @chris_writes December 20th, 2016 at 7:12 PM Share Tweet Apple CEO Tim Cook told employees during an internal Q&A session that the company has “great desktops in our roadmap,” adding that “nobody should worry about that.” Apple updated its MacBook Pro line with a courageous new design but didn’t release any new desktop models. There’s no 2016 iMac, Mac mini, or Mac Pro, and some people speculated that Apple may be looking to ditch desktops from its lineup. It turns out that Apple has been testing a lot of MacBook features and designs recently, a new report shows, with many of them being scrapped before the final products hit the market. Don't Miss: How a smartphone backdoor can be used to spy on absolutely everything you do Apple isn’t ditching the Mac anytime soon, but the company’s priority is the iPhone and iPad, a new Bloomberg report reveals. Apparently, the Mac software team doesn’t exist anymore. The software engineering department services iOS first, and macOS later. Mac engineers are also getting less face time with Jony Ive and his design team than they used to. Furthermore, Apple is working on various prototypes of the same machine simultaneously, meaning that development for other Mac lines may be postponed. Finally, there are external factors that hinder Mac updates, including Intel’s difficulty in producing the new chips the Macs need to stay ahead of the competition. Apple’s inability to mass-produce Macs in America is also a reason that can affect the Mac Pro’s update cycles. That said, the report reveals various features that have been shelved. The 2016 MacBook Pro was supposed to have a higher capacity pack shaped to the insides of the laptop. But that battery prototype failed a key test, and Apple decided to stick with square cells instead. Recently, Apple had to deal with a battery life issue on the new MacBook Pro, which seems to be fixed for the time being. To fix the battery hardware issue, Apple had to divert engineers from other teams, meaning other Mac models had to wait. A gold MacBook Pro was shelved because the color didn’t look good. Early prototypes of the 12-inch MacBook came with a Lightning connector instead of the USB-C one, but Apple decided to go for the more standard USB-C port instead. Apple tested two distinct 12-inch MacBooks before launching the device in 2015, but the extra workload has lead to launch delays. The 2016 12-inch MacBook model could have featured a Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a second USB-C port. However, all we got was faster chips and a pink upgrade. Apple’s engineers are also working on standalone keyboards for the iMac that would feature a Touch Bar screen and a fingerprint reader, but it’s not clear if the product will be launched with a new iMac. As for next year’s MacBook and iMac refreshes, you can expect USB-C ports and AMD graphics on the new iMac and minor speed bumps for the 12-inch MacBook and the MacBook Pro. Tags: Apple, iMac, MacBook, MacBook Pro View Comments Trending 1 Gaming CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things 2 Mobile This rumored Galaxy S8 feature would be like nothing you’ve ever seen on an iPhone 3 Mobile Here’s what a Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus looks like after 3 months without a case 4 Security Hackers have a new way to steal your banking login using WhatsApp 5 Mobile Samsung just unveiled three brand new Galaxy phones Picked For You This rumored Galaxy S8 feature would be like nothing you’ve ever seen on an iPhone By Zach Epstein January 2nd at 1:36 PM iOS 10.3 might introduce an intriguing new ‘Theatre mode’ By Yoni Heisler December 31st at 8:01 PM CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things By Mike Wehner January 2nd at 2:07 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple had some daring MacBook features in the works that never saw the light of day Chris Smith BGR NewsDecember 21, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple CEO Tim Cook told employees during an internal Q&A session that the company has “great desktops in our roadmap,” adding that “nobody should worry about that.” Apple updated its MacBook Pro line with a courageous new design but didn’t release any new desktop models. There’s no 2016 iMac, Mac mini, or Mac Pro, and some people speculated that Apple may be looking to ditch desktops from its lineup. It turns out that Apple has been testing a lot of MacBook features and designs recently, a new report shows, with many of them being scrapped before the final products hit the market. Don't Miss: How a smartphone backdoor can be used to spy on absolutely everything you do Apple isn’t ditching the Mac anytime soon, but the company’s priority is the iPhone and iPad, a new Bloomberg report reveals. Apparently, the Mac software team doesn’t exist anymore. The software engineering department services iOS first, and macOS later. Mac engineers are also getting less face time with Jony Ive and his design team than they used to. Furthermore, Apple is working on various prototypes of the same machine simultaneously, meaning that development for other Mac lines may be postponed. Finally, there are external factors that hinder Mac updates, including Intel’s difficulty in producing the new chips the Macs need to stay ahead of the competition. Apple’s inability to mass-produce Macs in America is also a reason that can affect the Mac Pro’s update cycles. That said, the report reveals various features that have been shelved. The 2016 MacBook Pro was supposed to have a higher capacity pack shaped to the insides of the laptop. But that battery prototype failed a key test, and Apple decided to stick with square cells instead. Recently, Apple had to deal with a battery life issue on the new MacBook Pro, which seems to be fixed for the time being. To fix the battery hardware issue, Apple had to divert engineers from other teams, meaning other Mac models had to wait. A gold MacBook Pro was shelved because the color didn’t look good. Early prototypes of the 12-inch MacBook came with a Lightning connector instead of the USB-C one, but Apple decided to go for the more standard USB-C port instead. Apple tested two distinct 12-inch MacBooks before launching the device in 2015, but the extra workload has lead to launch delays. The 2016 12-inch MacBook model could have featured a Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a second USB-C port. However, all we got was faster chips and a pink upgrade. Apple’s engineers are also working on standalone keyboards for the iMac that would feature a Touch Bar screen and a fingerprint reader, but it’s not clear if the product will be launched with a new iMac. As for next year’s MacBook and iMac refreshes, you can expect USB-C ports and AMD graphics on the new iMac and minor speed bumps for the 12-inch MacBook and the MacBook Pro. Trending right now: There’s a new Pokemon Go update you can download right now What an extra-special solstice lunar eclipse looks like The cord cutter’s best friend is on sale for just $14 right now See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech Obama boosted White House technology; Trump sees risks Associated Press The battle between SSD and HDD is over, and the winner is clear Digital Trends Celebrity sues Tesla, claims Model X drove itself through a wall and into his house BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Worth waiting for | Bangkok Post: tech Top sections News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning More TECHNOLOGY Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY Technology Homepage World updates Local news Reviews Apps Mobile & tablets Computers Gadgets Buy & sell Tech > Reviews > Gadgets Worth waiting for Apple AirPods in Bangkok 21 Dec 2016 at 04:00 2,439 viewed0 comments NEWSPAPER SECTION: LIFE | WRITER: GRAHAM K. ROGERS Screenshot from iPhone showing AirPods and case charge levels. - + Apple announced its US$159 (5,700 baht) AirPods at the same time as the iPhone 7, but the Bluetooth-connected device was not made available to customers until last week. There was much online speculation that a problem was found in the production models, so the release was put back. It would have been wrong to release a device with a known problem for a number of obvious reasons. That may also be why the MacBook Pro update was delayed until almost too late. When it became clear that certain Intel chips would not be coming, Apple went with the Skylake processor. I have been happy with the 15-inch MacBook Pro I have been using, but my own 13-inch version arrived on Thursday and I made that my main machine on Friday. When the AirPods were released last Tuesday, delivery was shown as before Christmas. Within two hours several people reported on Twitter that their orders were on the way. Later that evening it was reported that delivery estimates had already slipped to Dec 29. It is now six weeks. Within 12 hours one pair was being offered on eBay for $1590. A few of these were available in Bangkok from Monday (6,900 baht including VAT), but I expect they will be snapped up. I have been using a set since last weekend and am loving them. The demonstration in early September showed how easy it was to set these up. Everyone expects this is Apple hype, but it took me about 30 seconds while I was leaning against a parapet in Siam Paragon. I opened the box and a panel appeared on the iPhone. Done. They were ready to go immediately. What foxed me slightly was the lack of volume control. I tried stroking the sides, which works with my BeoPlay H7 Bluetooth headphones. Instead I have to ask Siri. As I do not use this feature often, it took me a few tries to make her understand, and I do not succeed every time. Critical commands here are "Louder", "Pause" and "Quieter". I also feel self-conscious about apparently speaking to myself in a Bangkok mall. It is just as easy to take the iPhone out of my pocket. The double-tap can be changed to Play/Pause or to Off, but as there is more potential with Siri, I am going to stick with that (her?) for the time being. That instant pairing uses the newly developed W1 chip in the AirPods. Another trick was apparent when I arrived home. Each iOS device I picked up already showed the AirPods ready to go. My 13-inch MacBook Pro lagged slightly. Whether it was because I had only just set it up, I cannot say, but as soon as I opened the Bluetooth Preferences panel, the AirPods appeared. I think there is considerable potential here, not just for entertainment devices but for home technology and health applications. Listening to music using the AirPods seemed fine initially, but I was in central Bangkok (hence the need for the "Louder" command) and these are not designed to cut out sound totally. Using the BeoPlay headphones is different. However, when I was in a quieter environment, the clarity (fingers on guitar strings) was impressive. As I was using Apple Music, Alternative Radio, I gave Siri the command "Opera". The switch was done in a couple of seconds. Clarity was also excellent here, with some quieter passages coming through nicely. Siri did have trouble with my own collection and the conductor Wilhelm Furtwängler. I did that manually and the music sounded spectacular. Later, watching a series on iFlix, the quieter background sounds could be heard quite clearly with full stereo effects. A Skype call to my mother was reasonable: I could hear her and she could hear me (a major accomplishment). When the AirPods were first announced, everyone was sure that they would fall out of the ear and users would soon be buying replacements. Apple does anticipate some losses, but I expect this will more likely be from mislaying one. Replacement of a single AirPod is $69 (about 2,600 baht with VAT). The AirPods feel secure and fit into my ears even better than the AirBuds I typically use. Horace Dediu, the well-known commentator on Apple statistics, wrote that they had remained in the ear while he had been running, but he dislodged one when removing a sweater (upward movement). Putting the sweater on was not a problem. On Twitter, Ben Bajarin, a sometimes strong critic of Apple, tried quite hard to dislodge them several times, writing later that he had played tennis and the AirPods stayed in. He added that this is "likely not recommend by Apple but still!". I tried, of course, but could not shake them loose -- they fit so snugly. And even during a motorcycle taxi through Thon Buri sois they never felt even slightly loose. As Christmas is in a few days, I wish you the best for the season. Graham K. Rogers of Mahidol University's Engineering Faculty, has OS X-flavoured web pages at www.extensions.in.th/index4.html and can be followed on Twitter @extensions_th. AirPods in their case. Graham Keith Rogers AirPod in use. Close-up of AirPod. Apple AirPods. photo: Graham Keith Rogers Bluetooth preferences panel on MacBook Pro. RECOMMENDED STORIES Poll: Asian youths rely on devices Police to seek answers from Facebook over false bomb alert Facebook: Bombing alert confirmed by Thai media Thai cybersecurity lagging Army denies purchasing devices to hack data Fake bomb news fools thousands Shopping smarter All set for PromptPay The mustachioed Italian plumber makes iOS debut Most Viewed 25,052 Fake bomb news fools thousands 19,632 Army hits back on Facebook 18,152 Facebook: Bombing alert confirmed ... 13,870 Army denies purchasing devices to ... 10,706 Police to seek answers from ... Recent TECH Articles Humanoid robot Pepper is amusing, but is it practical? Army hits back on Facebook App connects to local services Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 0 liked & 0 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this MOST RECENT 08:12 Rocky road for media industry 07:50 Thief loots cash, gold at court office 06:33 NLA voices concern over charter rules 04:25 Work on high-speed train projects to get 2017 start 03:57 Inmates beheaded in Brazil jail riot, 60 dead 03:22 Islamic State claims Istanbul nightclub massacre 02:50 Mata, Ibrahimovic lead Man United over West Ham 01:48 updateHorror highway crash, blast kills 25 0 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2016 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
LAST CHANCESubscribe As Low As $4.99/1 YR! Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Find subscriber exclusive deals, events, manage your account and more.Insider View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 1225 22 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Conair expanding in Glendale with warehouse that will bring 300 jobs The new Conair Corporation warehouse will be longer than the Empire State Building is tall, a— best known for manufacturing blow dryers and curling irons — will open a new distribution center in the shadow of University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale Post to Facebook Conair expanding in Glendale with warehouse that will bring 300 jobs The new Conair Corporation warehouse will be longer than the Empire State Building is tall, a— best known for manufacturing blow dryers and curling irons — will open a new distribution center in the shadow of University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale  Check out this story on azcentral.com: http://azc.cc/2i7LvMa {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Conair expanding in Glendale with warehouse that will bring 300 jobs Walls of new Conair warehouse rise in Glendale Workers install one part of a wall for the new Conair company building in Glendale on Dec. 20, 2016. Tom Tingle/The Republic Walls of new Conair warehouse rise in Glendale Workers install one part of a wall for the new Conair company building in Glendale on Dec. 20, 2016. The warehouse will be longer than the Empire State Building is tall. Tom Tingle/The Republic Walls of new Conair warehouse rise in Glendale Workers install part of a wall for the new Conair building in Glendale on Dec. 20, 2016. Once the building is complete, the Conair corporate campus will be the second largest in the Valley, behind Intel in Chandler. Tom Tingle/The Republic Walls of new Conair warehouse rise in Glendale Workers install part of a wall for the new Conair building in Glendale on Dec. 20, 2016. Once the building is complete, the Conair corporate campus will be the second largest in the Valley, behind Intel in Chandler. Tom Tingle/The Republic Walls of new Conair warehouse rise in Glendale Workers are dwarfed by the walls they are installing for the new Conair building in Glendale, on Dec. 20, 2016. The building will be longer than the Empire State Building is tall. Tom Tingle/The Republic Walls of new Conair warehouse rise in Glendale Workers install one part of a wall for the new Conair company building in Glendale on Dec. 20, 2016. Tom Tingle/The Republic Walls of new Conair warehouse rise in Glendale Workers install one part of a wall for the new Workers install one part of a wall for the new Conair company building in Glendale on Dec. 20, 2016. Tom Tingle/The Republic Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 7 2 of 7 3 of 7 4 of 7 5 of 7 6 of 7 7 of 7 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Walls of new Conair warehouse rise in Glendale Workers install one part of a wall for the new Conair company building in Glendale on Dec. 20, 2016. Tom Tingle/The Republic Jessica Boehm , The Republic | azcentral.com 9:51 a.m. MST December 21, 2016 Workers install one part of a wall for the new Conair company building in Glendale on Dec. 20, 2016. The entire campus will be the second largest in the Valley, next to Intel. (Photo: Tom Tingle/The Republic) This summer, the Conair Corporation, best known for manufacturing blow dryers and curling irons, will open a new distribution center near University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale. The massive building will be longer than the Empire State Building is tall. Conair already operates two buildings at the Glendale Airpark  that occupy about 1.25 million square feet. The new facility adds about 1 million additional square feet and will make the corporate campus the second largest in the Valley, behind Intel in Chandler. The facility will create about 300 jobs by 2020 and serve as a distribution hub for the company's hair dryers, brushes, Scünci hair accessories and some kitchen appliances. "This is a very fortunate time for the entire West Valley and especially Glendale, the economic engine for the West Valley," said Brian Friedman, Glendale's Economic Development Director. Part of a vision The construction team on Monday started placing panels that will form the 45-foot-tall walls of the warehouse. By 9 a.m. Tuesday, about 15 of the 178 panels were placed, and the facility's eastern wall was taking shape. By the new year, workers will complete all four walls of the building. "It's kind of like having an instant building," said Butler Design Group architect Korey Wilkes of the tilt-up construction method. Workers use a crane to raise one side of the 200,000 pound panels, and then slide the other side along the concrete floor and into place. Steel pipes that can brace for winds up to 75 mph support the panels during construction. Steve Alley, Conair's director of western operations, said creating an expansive corporate campus in Glendale has been a part of Conair's vision since it first purchased more than 100 acres at the Airpark in 1992. This will be the New Jersey-based company's third expansion in Glendale. "Once we got our foothold in Glendale, we've done nothing but expand," Alley said. Already, Conair employs about 450 people in Glendale. According to Forbes, Conair is the 204th largest private company in the U.S. and employs 3,478 nationally. Legal issues Conair announced the new distribution center in August, about nine months after the City Council unanimously voted to settle a years-long lawsuit with the company. The city condemned 38.5 acres of Conair-owned land in the '90s to create an accident-protection zone near one of the Glendale Airport runways that was extended. But the city and company did not agree on a price for the land until late last year. Glendale is paying Conair $13.25 million for the property. As part of the settlement, the city will also waive up to $676,258 in development fees for the distribution center. City Attorney Michael Bailey said this provision of the settlement aimed to repair the relationship with Conair and encourage the company to reinvest in Glendale. "Instead of spending money for lawsuits and attorneys, we got it settled and they immediately went into expansion," City Manager Kevin Phelps said. Phelps began his role in February, after the settlement agreement. Alley said he was glad to put the legal issues behind him, but said "throughout that process we were committed to growing in Glendale." Leaders: Expansion a plus Councilwoman Joyce Clark, who represents the district where Conair is located, said the new warehouse will benefit her constituents and all Glendale residents because of the anticipated sales-tax revenue and the positive perception of the development. "It signals that Glendale is back in business and ready to build partnerships with new and old partners," Clark said. Councilman Bart Turner agreed, noting the additional revenue will help the city fund important projects. "This is where we get the money to pave the streets and approve the parks," Turner said. 1225 CONNECTTWEET 22 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2i7LvMa TOP VIDEOS Raw: Police Body Cam Video Of Dramatic Rescue 1:12 4 of the biggest Christmas myths debunked 0:57 Putin praises Trump, thinks Democrats are sore losers 0:46 Best mugshots of 2016 1:09 #Pizzagate: an example of fake news gone too far 0:57 Uber Is Investing in artificial intelligence 0:38 Five best U.S. airports 0:34 Walk the runway of the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 0:48 Top five college football games to watch in Week 14 2:19 Castro's ashes travel across Cuba 0:49 Brazilian soccer team laughed boarding doomed flight 0:36 Zoo's gorilla barrier didn't meet standards when Harambe died 0:47 People formed a human ladder to rescue an man from a river in China 0:36 Marilyn Monroe's iconic dress sell for $4.8 million 1:05 Twitter expected to field offers to buy social media network this week 1:32 Black police group unhappy with political endorsements 0:32 Emu loose on I-10 in Arizona 0:12 First look: Sky Harbor Terminal 3 upgrades 1:23 Halloween 2016 By The Numbers 0:50 Octopus hunts one of the world's most venomous fish 0:35 Kent Somers, Bob McManaman discuss news from Cardinals camp on Friday 2:12 You Can Sleep In Dracula's Coffin Thanks To Airbnb 1:09 Five things that matter to Millennials in the election 1:52 Half-zebra, half-donkey is 100% adorable 0:27 Punchlines: Disenchanted yet? 4:54 Mexico City cartoon exhibit depicts Donald Trump as a Nazi 2:04 Former Jets player killed in crash 0:37 Glenn Beck praises Michelle Obama's speech as incredibly effective 1:15 4 dead when truck plunged off San Diego bridge into crowd below 0:43 What to watch for in Sprint Cup race at Kansas Speedway 1:56 Several women say Trump inappropriately touched them 0:50
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 21, 2016December 21, 2016 by Monika Donimirska ERPScan Named “HOT in 2016” Winner in Palo Alto by Owler ERPScan, the most reliable SAP and Oracle Cybersecurity vendor, announced today it was named an Owler HOT in 2016 winner in Palo Alto. Palo Alto, CA, December 21, 2016 –(PR.com)– Owler’s HOT In 2016 award distinguishes the top trending companies in the 600 most popular cities around the world, including Mumbai, Chicago, Toronto, Los Angeles, London. Among them, there are 10 Silicon Valley cities (Campbell, Cupertino, Fremont, Menlo Park, Mountain View, Palo Alto, Redwood City, San Jose, Santa Clara, and Sunnyvale), where 360 HOT companies are situated. Owler filtered through more than 15 million companies on its platform and picked 4,500 award winners based on several different metrics such as number of followers on the platform, insights collected from Owler’s community, social media followers, and blog posts over the past year. ERPScan appeared in the list of winners along with such companies as Google, Cisco, Tesla, Box, Adobe, Intel, and other world-renowned innovation leaders. “We’ve sorted through the database of millions of contributions from our community and landed on the top trending companies from around the world. Being Hot in 2016 is an accomplishment to be proud of.” – said Jim Fowler, CEO at Owler. “This year we have developed our Content management strategy and put it into practice. We pay close attention to the published content to make it valuable and useful for security community and tried our best to spread the word. Social media are an essential communication channel, as they allow addressing customers directly and to be heard. We are delighted to be recognized as an Owler Hot winner as it is another proof that SAP Cybersecurity is highly relevant topic for IT peers, and it attracts media attention.” – commented Darya Maenkova, Sr. Security Evangelist at ERPScan. ERPScan makes extensive use of Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn to promote its blog posts, whitepapers, and other helpful content. ERPScan experts’ opinion was featured in the top media including The Guardian, Forbes, Vice, Business Insider, The Register, and CIO, to name a few. About ERPScan ERPScan is the most respected and credible Business Application Cyber Security provider. Founded in 2010, the company operates globally and enables large Oil and Gas, Financial, Retail, and other organizations to secure their mission-critical processes. Named as an ‘Emerging Vendor’ in Security by CRN, listed among “TOP 100 SAP Solution providers” and distinguished by 30+ other awards, ERPScan is the leading SAP SE partner in discovering and resolving security vulnerabilities. ERPScan consultants work with SAP SE in Walldorf to assist in improving the security of their latest solutions. ERPScan’s primary mission is to close the gap between technical and business security and provide solutions for CISO’s to evaluate and secure SAP and Oracle ERP systems and business-critical applications from both, cyber-attacks as well as internal fraud. Usually, our clients are large enterprises, Fortune 2000 companies and managed service providers whose requirements are to actively monitor and manage security of vast SAP and Oracle landscapes on a global scale. We “follow the sun” and function in two hubs, located in Palo Alto and Amsterdam to provide threat intelligence services, agile support and operate local offices and partner network spanning 20+ countries around the globe. About Owler Owler is the crowdsourced competitive intelligence platform that business professionals use to outsmart their competition, gain competitive insights, and uncover the latest industry news and alerts. Owler is powered by an active community of 800K business professionals that contribute unique business insights such as competitors, private company revenue, and CEO ratings. From startups, all the way to large enterprises (including 96% of the Fortune 500), CEOs, salespeople, marketers, product managers, and all types of business professionals use Owler daily. Launched in 2014, and funded by Norwest Venture Partners and Trinity Ventures, Owler is headquartered in San Mateo, CA with offices in Coimbatore, India. CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Vital Signs Monitoring Market New Report by Data Bridge Market Research Next PostNext REVNUM, INFO Fields Support & Combining Adjacent Tables on Word Document Loading Using Aspose.Words for Java & .NET 16.12.0 Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts World Patent Ratings Issues First Round of 2017 Intangible Asset Valuation Reports For Internet Software and Service Providers January 3, 2017 Satellites can improve regional air quality forecasting January 3, 2017 Satellite images reveal ocean acidification from space January 3, 2017 Space debris from satellite explosion increases collision risk for space craft January 3, 2017 Asteroid research benefits from Gaia satellite mission January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
View mobile site View mobile site Follow us on         Tulsa's 24-Hour News, Weather and Traffic Hi, (not you?) | Member Center | Sign Out Sign In | Register recent on-air advertisers Now Playing Now PlayingNews-Talk 740 KRMG Tulsa's 24-Hour News, ... Listen Live Search Home News Top Stories Oklahoma News US News World News Breaking News Text Alerts Weather 5-Day Forecast KRMG NexRad HD Radar Severe Weather Preparedness TAKE ACTION: Avoid illness during the summer heat Winter Weather Tips Severe Weather Text Alerts School/Business/Church Closings LIVE StormCenter Chase Cameras Traffic Accidents in Tulsa Current ODOT Construction Projects Traffic Cameras Find the lowest gas prices Accident Report Form Red Alert Traffic Texts The KRMG Morning News Behind the Scenes Blog JAMIE DUPREE Jamie Dupree on Twitter Inside KRMG Air Staff Submit A News Tip KRMG Insider Newsletter Event Guide Community Page How To Advertise On KRMG Concerts Contact Us CoxHSHub.com Tulsa Live Events Union Football Shows KRMG Morning News Herman Cain Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity KRMG Evening News Clark Howard Kilmeade & Friends The Dana Show Chad Benson Show Wheels Car Care Show KRMG.com Presents Voices of Oklahoma Radio KRMG Ask the Experts Weekend The KRMG Gardening Show Contests The KRMG App KRMG TEXT ALERTS Breaking News Alerts Weather Alerts Red Alert Traffic 3 Big Things Home   >  AP   >  Pennsylvania Canada calls for release for kidnapped couple in Afghanistan FILE - This undated militant file image from video posted online in August 2016, which has not been independently verified by The Associated Press, provided by SITE Intel Group, shows Canadian Joshua Boyle and American Caitlan Coleman, who were kidnapped in Afghanistan in 2012. Officials in Canada are calling for the unconditional release of Boyle and his wife following the release of another video on Monday, Dec. 19, 2016, that appears to show them begging for their governments to intervene with their Afghan captors on their behalf. (SITE Intel Group via AP, File)     Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile @KRMGTulsa Trending News Oldest known orca considered dead U.S. Customs and Border Protection system down nationwide, sources say Good Samaritan pulls woman from burning car Utah dad shares video of 2-year-old saving twin brother from fallen dresser Florida teacher 'lucky to be alive' after being hit by stray bullet New Year's   News/Weather/Traffic News Weather Traffic Event Guide Events Follow and Share RSS Feeds Advertisers and Sponsors How to Advertise Recent on-air advertisers Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Tulsa Coupons Rare - Conservative News About Us Contact Us Work With Us EEOC Statement Help Audio Help Video Help Search Help   © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group   View mobile site View mobile site Enterprise Feedback Management Survey Software Sign In / Register Sign in with your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign in with your email {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? {* /userInformationForm *} New User?Create a New Account Sign In / Register Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In / Register Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} You're Almost Done! Select a display name and password {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Create a New Account Select a display name and password Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent you a confirmation email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Close Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification To sign in you must verify your email address. Fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* resendVerification_emailAddress *} {* newPasswordFormButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in
Wall Street extends rally but Germany truck deaths reduce gains By The Dow Jones industrial average rose 39.65 points or 0.20 percent to end at 19,883.06. The S&P 500 ended up 0.20 percent at 2,262.53 after trading as high as 2,167.47. The Nasdaq Composite added 0.37 percent to end at 5,457.44. - Vardhman seeks shareholders' nod to raise up to Rs 500 cr Keep your account secure » X Ensure that your correct email id and mobile has been registered with moneycontrol. If not, please update your profile and secure the account now. Updating your email id and mobile number offers following benefits: If someone tries to reset your password, you will be informed immediately Only you will receive email & sms alerts relating to your stocks & overall portfolio Opted-in market updates, news, research reports, will be delivered to you on-time Update your profile now » News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities Property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Markets » International Markets Dec 20, 2016, 10.09 AM | Source: Reuters Wall Street extends rally but Germany truck deaths reduce gains The Dow Jones industrial average rose 39.65 points or 0.20 percent to end at 19,883.06. The S&P 500 ended up 0.20 percent at 2,262.53 after trading as high as 2,167.47. The Nasdaq Composite added 0.37 percent to end at 5,457.44. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Wall Street extends rally but Germany truck deaths reduce gains The Dow Jones industrial average rose 39.65 points or 0.20 percent to end at 19,883.06. The S&P 500 ended up 0.20 percent at 2,262.53 after trading as high as 2,167.47. The Nasdaq Composite added 0.37 percent to end at 5,457.44. Post Your Comments Share Cancel Wall Street extended a recent rally on Monday but finished the session short of earlier highs after several people were killed by a truck driven into a Christmas market in Germany. All three major US indexes ended higher but lost some steam after German police said a truck ran into a crowded Christmas market in Berlin, killing nine people and injuring up to 50 others. That rattled US investors already eyeing potential global troubles after the Russian ambassador to Turkey was shot dead in Ankara. "Markets want to be sure whether this is an isolated incident. Will this disrupt economic activity in just this area or will it be a wider area and for how long?," said John Canally, chief economic strategist for LPL Financial. "That's the playbook by which markets have come to address these types of issues." The S&P technology index rose 0.61 percent, with Microsoft, Intel, Apple and Amazon.com lifting the Nasdaq Composite to within a hair of last Tuesday's record high close. US stocks have been on a tear since the Nov. 8 presidential election, with the S&P rising nearly 6 percent on bets that President-elect Donald Trump's plans for deregulation and infrastructure spending will boost the economy. The Dow Jones industrial average is less than 1 percent away from 20,000, a level it has never breached. "The Trump rally is still with us. Every time something's down for two days, people jump on it. People are looking for buying opportunities," said Jake Dollarhide, chief executive officer of Longbow Asset Management in Tulsa, Oklahoma. However, some investors warn that uncertainty around Trump's policies and the uncertainty of whether they are approved by Congress pose major risks to current stock prices. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 39.65 points or 0.20 percent to end at 19,883.06. The S&P 500 ended up 0.20 percent at 2,262.53 after trading as high as 2,167.47. The Nasdaq Composite added 0.37 percent to end at 5,457.44. Microsoft rose 2.12 percent, Amazon.com gained 1.09 percent, Intel climbed 1.60 percent and Apple climbed 0.58 percent. All four provided the biggest boost to the Nasdaq and the S&P 500. United Technologies rose 2.12 percent, helping lift the Dow, after Credit Suisse upgraded the stock to "outperform" and increased its price target. Walt Disney rose 1.34 percent after its "Rogue One: A Star Wars Story" movie scored the second-largest December opening in history. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.66-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.34-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 13 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 157 new highs and 38 new lows. About 6.1 billion shares changed hands in US exchanges, well below the 7.5 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. Tags  Wall Street US markets Dow Jones industrial average S&P 500 Nasdaq Composite Alphabet Microsoft Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Wall Street extends rally but Germany truck deaths reduce gains See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Support for Bank Nifty at 17700; buy India Cements: Prakash Gaba Bull's Eye: Buy Tata Motors, Ashok Leyland, Ceat, HCC, IRB Infra Resistance for Nifty at 8228-8319: Prakash Gaba Anshu Jain joins New York firm Cantor Fitzgerald as President Bajaj Hindusthan to seek shareholders' nod to sell power biz Germany's Merkel to skip Davos on eve of Trump presidency BHIM downloaded 3 mn times, top app in India: Kant Road ahead not easy, Infosys CEO Sikka tells employees SC order victory for democratic, secular foundations: CPI(M) See all Video of the day See Nifty range at 7900-8000; bank index to sway mkt: Atul Suri Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login Register Now Sign In X Name* Enter Alphabets only Email* Enter valid email id Contact No.* Enter 10 digits only City Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Pune Other Interested in All Confused? use our Compare Brokers feature. Register Now Thank you for registering. Respective broker representative will reach you shortly. sign in
Monday, January 2, 2017 Subscriber Services Homes Autos Jobs Classified Home The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts TV Listings Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help News Local   State Government Audit highlights problems with Oregon’s tax and cash incentive programs for businesses     By Saul Hubbard The Register-Guard Dec 20, 2016   Today’s Local stories Eugene Airport completes major terminal renovations Dedicated customer buys popular Eugene coffee shop Snow, freezing temperatures in forecast for Willamette Valley this week Board responds to appeal from Eugene neighbors who oppose housing project for ex-criminals Chip Kelly fired after one season as San Francisco 49ers’ coach More Local »   Oregon should work to ensure better return on investment and transparency in the $340 million a year in tax breaks and cash incentives it provides to businesses, a new audit from the Secretary of State’s office concludes. The audit, released Monday, examines Business Oregon, the state’s economic development agency, and the incentives it provides directly to private companies. Those sweeteners — including forgivable and low-interest loans, tax credits, and direct cash assistance — total $72.5 million a year. But the review also examined property tax waivers granted by local governments through state-approved enterprise zones and the Strategic Investment Program. Those add up to $267.5 million a year in waived property taxes throughout Oregon. Technology firm Intel is the biggest recepient with $162.5 million a year in tax breaks from Washington and Multnomah counties. Lane County currently has several enterprise zones, which provide property tax waivers to a wide range of companies. Hynix, which shut its West Eugene plant in 2008, was the county’s largest recepient of property tax breaks: $65 million over ten years. “It is critical that Business Oregon and other state agencies regularly evaluate and improve their business subsidy programs to make the best use of limited public resources,” Secretary of State Jeanne Atkins said, in a prepared statement. “Taxpayers should expect nothing less.” Generally, the audit found that economic development officials, when they give a business an incentive, aren’t adequately monitoring and reporting the number of jobs the company creates or retains, the wages of those jobs, and the state’s overall return on investment. For example, analyzing 231 direct Business Oregon incentives between 2011 and 2012, the audit found that most went to firms where wages were lower, on average, than those in the surrounding county as a whole. The audit also found that only 30 percent of Business Oregon incentives between 2006 and 2015 went to firms in rural areas, even though urban areas “already have faster employment growth.” Regarding the enterprise zones created by local governments, the audit found that the standard zones appear to be working better than the long-term rural zones, which provide a longer tax break. In 2015, each new job in a long-term rural enterprise zone cost $55,000 in waived property taxes, versus $4,200 per job in standard zones. Data storage centers, which tech giants like Apple, Facebook, and Google have built in Oregon in recent years, have been particularly costly in terms of job creation, the audit found. Data centers’ combination of high investment in equipment — meaning potentially high property taxes — and few workers needed to maintain them, meant that each job they created cost $87,000 to nearly $800,000 in lost property taxes in 2015. The audit also concludes that, despite some recent improvements, there is still a lack of transparency in the different tax breaks and other incentives that the state and local governments provide. For example, some subsidy programs don’t publicly disclose what requirements — like a set number of created jobs or investment in a facility — businesses must comply with in order to receive their incentive. Others don’t provide details on whether a recepient ultimately complied with those requirements or not. “Both Business Oregon and the (Oregon) Department of Revenue tend to be conservative about releasing business information,” the audit states, because releasing more information “could compromise projects ... and reduce demand for the incentive and loan programs.” But auditors wrote that interviews with officials in other states where more disclosure is required hadn’t found that to be the case. “Transparency promotes accountability for public dollars by spelling out the cost and performance of individual projects and giving policymakers and the public information about how funds are being used,” auditors wrote. The audit also highlighted some issues with what is known as the Strategic Reserve Fund, a pot of money distributed as “forgivable” loans at the governor’s discretion. The fund allocates roughly $7.5 million a year. All 11 projects proposed for funding received money in 2015, even though some firms offered “low projected returns” and others had received poor grades from finance staff who had examined their histories, the audit found. While reviewing seven large forgivable loans between 2008 and 2015, auditors found that Business Oregon staff, when doing their cost-benefit analysis, neglected to include other Oregon tax breaks or incentives that the companies were also receiving. “This approach understates the cost to Oregonians and may overstate the project’s benefit,” auditors wrote. Business Oregon Director Chris Harder wrote that his agency “generally agrees with the audit recommendations” for remedying the issues identified. However, Harder wrote that Business Oregon staff “disagree” the value of incentives should be “measured exclusively” by how many jobs they create and how high their wages are. As to increased transparency, Harder wrote that he is committed “to exploring ways to balance the public’s right to know” with businesses’ right to privacy. “Businesses are often reluctant to make their financial information and tax records public, fearing that it will create a competititve disadvanatage for them,” he wrote. Atkins noted that Oregon’s economic development spending “is low compared to some other states, and competition for state dollars is high.” “This increases the urgency of the need to be more strategic and transparent about the use of business incentives and loans,” she said. Follow Saul on Twitter @SaulAHubbard . Email saul.hubbard@registerguard.com . More State Government articles »     SOS Business Incentive Audit (PDF) SOS Business Incentive Audit (Text)     RG Daily Digest Get our top headlines delivered to your inbox.         Today’s Local stories 5:06 p.m. Eugene Sheldon Pool reopens to public Monday after five-week renovation Transportation Eugene Airport completes major terminal renovations Business Dedicated customer buys popular Eugene coffee shop Weather Snow, freezing temperatures in forecast for Willamette Valley this week 2:38 p.m. Local News Cottage Grove Historical Museum to use grant to improve Titanic exhibit Crime Eugene-Springfield police make 21 DUII arrests so far on holiday weekend Eugene Runners double up with Eugene’s First Run Local News Board responds to appeal from Eugene neighbors who oppose housing project for ex-criminals NFL Chip Kelly fired after one season as San Francisco 49ers’ coach Oregon Girlfriend arrested in man’s fatal shooting, Klamath County’s 3rd homicide in 6 days Oregon 3 injured after driver hits crowd in Salem parking lot Eugene City of Eugene restarts leaf collection following delay brought by ice storm Holidays Gym regulars enjoy quiet day before the expected crush of New Year’s resolution-motivated exercisers Lane County Circuit Court Man sues Eugene pharmacy, alleging bad medicine Oregon Gray whales move south off Oregon from Alaska Fires Large fire destroys industrial shop in Creswell Local News New Year’s Holiday Schedule Local News Calendar Local News Community     Opinion Editorial Happy New Year, Putin Growing divide in the United States benefits Russia Life just keeps getting better for Russian President Vladimir Putin. First, as the combined intelligence apparatus of the United States has now concluded, he meddled directly in the United States presidential election. President Obama, reportedly … Good year, bad year Large-scale farms and dairies depicted unfairly Obama’s insult to Israel nonsensical, shameful More Opinion » Healthy Families Family Matters Senior living: Get an early start on how you want to live late in life Local experts recommend planning in advance for any needs or wants that may occur as you or your family members get older What will happen to your parents as they age, or to you if you’re the older generation? Will you be able to stay at home or need to move? What will your care needs be? … Dietary supplements remain wildly popular despite few, if any, actual benefits Events this week: Try out free fitness classes; learn how to nurture good mental health Should you stay in touch with your ex’s family? More Healthy Families » Weekend Entertaining Staying home New Year’s Eve? Festive drinks suit all tastes Local mixologists share easy recipes featuring fresh flavors The key to a delicious, festive New Year’s Eve cocktail actually may not be found in a bottle. It’s the flavors that surround your favorite spirit that can make the drink an exceptional end to … Related Party like you mean to stick to the budget | Weekend Weekend events for Lane County and beyond, Dec. 31-Jan. 1 New looks, ideas for 2017 kitchens Want to raise chickens? Learn before doing More Weekend »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2017 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos most commented Apple’s made-in-India iPhone: This is what makes Bengaluru so special By Anirudh Regidi 27   Comments BHIM app review: App for cashless payments launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi By Aditya Madanapalle 24   Comments BSNL offers unlimited local and STD calls for Rs 144 in new plan By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments BHIM app faces high server loads on launch day By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Apple sued by a family in US, claims FaceTime caused fatal car accident 2   Comments Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > Reviews Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe review: Good but just not good enough #Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe Price ₹49999 Tech2 Rating 7.5 10 Your Rating 8 Compare Item 0 Product Review Specifications By Sheldon Pinto /  20 Dec 2016 , 08:30 Asus seemed to have turned a new leaf when the company showcased a barrage of new smartphones, at Computex 2016 in Taiwan back in June. Since then we have seen more premium looking devices come from Asus featuring metal construction (instead of plastic bits) and Qualcomm chipsets (from Intel chips). Asus basically moved from the budget segment into the mid-range and the premium smartphone market in India. After smartphones like the Zenfone 3 and the Zenfone 3 Max Asus finally announced the phablet-sized Zenfone 3 Ultra and the Zenfone 3 Deluxe, its first flagship smartphone. Asus’ hardware and software choices in the past may have not been the best, but in the flagship space things get pretty competitive and even the smallest drawbacks can and will make buyers look at another brand. Things can only get worse when you’re under the radar for being a new entrant in a segment flooded with established brands. So does Asus’ first flagship smartphone cut it? At Rs 49,999 (for the Snapdragon 820 model) how does it compete with premium offerings from LG, Sony, HTC and Samsung? Let’s find out! Build and Design: 7.5/10 I am impressed by the fit, finish and the precision of the build quality of the Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe. I liked how Asus managed to conceal the antenna bands as well resulting in a rather clean layout that makes one wonder whether the rear cover is made of plastic or metal? Well, it’s metal and it surely feels premium when holding it. The company calls this Asus PureMetal technology and for now, no other manufacturer out there offers the anything close to it. However, with the ‘Deluxe’ tag, I expected something more than impressive, and this flagship Zenfone is anything but that. Look at it from the front and it looks similar to the Zenfone 3, minus the 2.5D glass. Flip it over and the back looks similar to every other new Asus handset including the Zenfone 3 Laser. My problem with the design is that it’s not something that anyone around me in the office tagged as premium or different, something that stands out. There’s no curved edge display and those bezels aren’t exactly razor thin either when you consider the thick black border that sits between the display and the frame. This flagship smartphone is not water and dust resistant either and this is a concern when you keep the competition in mind. In fact, I can easily say that the Asus logo on the back is off by 2-3 millimetres and not perfectly straight by just glancing at the smartphone’s back. In short, it’s not exactly what one would expect when you pay Rs 49,999 for a flagship. Customers expect flagships to look different (if not attractive). In fact, I found the Zenfone 3’s design a lot better looking and pleasing even though the bezels at the top and bottom where thicker. Single Page Pages: 1 2 3 Tags: Asus, Asus India, ASUS Zenfone, Asus ZenFone 3 Deluxe, Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe design, Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe display, Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe hardware, Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe performance, Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe price, Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe review, Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe software Also read Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Find More Products Select Category Select Category Audio Systems Blu-ray Players Bluetooth Headsets Camcorders Car CD Player Cases CPU Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Photo Frames Digital Projectors DVD Players External Hard Drives Games GPS Navigators Graphic Cards HD Media Player Headsets Home Theaters Internal Hard Drives Internet Security & Antivirus iPod Dock Keyboards Laptops Mice Mobile Phones Monitors Motherboards MP3 Players Multi Functional Devices Netbooks Pen Drives Printers (Inkjet) Printers (Laser) RAM Routers Scanners Speakers Tablet/Slate PCs Televisions TV Tuner Cards UPS Wearables Webcams Select Brand Select Brand Select Product Select Product Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe review: Good but just not good enough Rate This Product 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 X LATEST Reviews Rating : 7 / 10 Coolpad Cool 1 review: This is the Le 2 in a new body which offers nothing compelling Rating : 7 / 10 Lenovo K6 Power review: A budget smartphone that could do with a bit more power Rating : 8 / 10 AKG K52 Headphones review: Good sound, excellent comfort, makes these headphones a compelling buy Rating : 7.5 / 10 Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe review: Good but just not good enough Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #BHIM Jan 2, 2017 BHIM App is the leader in the ‘Top Free Apps’ category on the Google Play Store #Nasa Jan 2, 2017 Nasa’s Neowise mission discovers a comet that may be visible from the first week of 2017 #Partnered Dec 29, 2016 Your guide to be a Selfie Expert #Samsung Jan 2, 2017 Samsung launches Galaxy A7, A5, A3 (2017) series smartphones with USB Type-C #presidential election Jan 2, 2017 US releases 13-page long analysis report detailing Russia’s role in presidential election hacking #Apple Jan 2, 2017 Apple’s parts supplier Wistron looking for permission to expand in Bengaluru SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Gear & Gadgets / Product News & Reviews Samsung claims sleek new laptops are lightest on market, at just 1.8lbs Thin and light they may be, but you’ll pay a price when it comes to battery life. by Peter Bright - Dec 20, 2016 1:25 am UTC Login to bookmark 124 Samsung Samsung may not be keeping its PC division around too much longer—the company stopped selling PCs in Europe a few years ago, and rumors abound that it wants to sell the division to Lenovo. But, for now, the company is still making PCs, and, ahead of CES, Samsung has announced a couple with the bold claim that they're the lightest on the market. The new Notebook 9 comes in a 13.3-inch and 15-inch version, with the smaller of the two weighing just 1.8lbs. That's a full pound less than our current laptop pick, the HP Spectre x360, and it even comes in 0.2lbs less than Apple's MacBook. Indeed, even the 15-inch version, at 2.17lbs, comes in at a lower weight than these 13-inch competitors. The new Samsungs are thin, too; 14.9mm for the large screen, 13.9mm for the small one. If thin and light are what you crave above all else, Samsung's hardware is worth looking at. On the inside, the Notebook 9 uses (unspecified) Intel Kaby Lake i5 and i7 processors. We assume these are ultra low-power Y-series parts. While the different size screens offer different diagonals, they seem to be otherwise equivalent: 1920×1080, 350 nits brightness with a 500 nit "outdoor mode." Unusually, Samsung claims them to be high dynamic range screens, though the company does not specify if they support HDR-10 or some other specification. At 13.3 inches, you get a SATA SSD, up to 256GB, and up to 16GB RAM; at 15 inches, you get upgraded to an NVMe SSD and up to 256GB, though oddly the spec sheet says that this only goes up to 8GB RAM. Both include 2×2 802.11ac, Bluetooth 4.1, a 720p webcam, and an integrated fingerprint reader with Windows Hello support. Both devices also include two USB 3.1 generation 1 ports, one USB Type-C port that's also used for charging, an HDMI port, a microSD reader, and a headset jack. The 15-inch device adds a USB 2 port into the mix. Samsung Samsung Notebook 9. Samsung Samsung Notebook 9. Samsung Samsung Notebook 9. Samsung Samsung Notebook 9. Samsung Samsung Notebook 9. Samsung Samsung Notebook 9. Samsung Samsung Notebook 9. Samsung Samsung Notebook 9. Samsung   Samsung Samsung Notebook 9. Samsung Samsung Notebook 9. The lack of Thunderbolt 3 means they don't hit all our desired features, and the use of SATA on the 13-inch device is also a little disappointing. Given the light weight and slim size, don't be surprised to find a compromise somewhere. That's the battery. Both systems come with only a 30Wh battery, with even Samsung only estimating seven hours of battery life. Those competing systems may weigh a pound more, but they're boasting three-to-six more hours of life away from an outlet in return. As partial compensation, the Notebook 9's battery supports fast charging; a full charge can be done in 80 minutes, and more than two hours' worth can be added in 20 minutes. The Notebook 9 doesn't appear too picky about its charger, either; Samsung says that even smartphone chargers that support USB Type-C will be able to charge it (though obviously at a slower rate than the 45W charger that Samsung provides). Pricing and availability haven't been revealed yet. We expect to hear more at CES. Expand full story Reader comments 124 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Peter Bright / Peter is Technology Editor at Ars. He covers Microsoft, programming and software development, Web technology and browsers, and security. He is based in Brooklyn, NY.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
USEUROPEAFRICAASIA 中文双语Français HOME CHINA WORLD BUSINESS LIFESTYLE CULTURE TRAVEL SPORTS OPINION REGIONAL FORUM NEWSPAPER China Daily PDF China Daily E-paper MOBILE China News Society Innovation HK/Taiwan/Macao Cover Story Photos Environment Health Military Home / China / Innovation Cybersecurity may be slipping through our fingers By Cheng Yingqi | chinadaily.com.cn | Updated: 2016-12-20 07:29 Lin Yuhui checks some of the sketches he has drawn of people in public places. [Photo provided to China Daily] Rather than providing a safeguard, new voice-and fingerprint-recognition systems may actually help hackers to raid people's bank accounts. Cheng Yingqi reports. Before online payment systems brought so much convenience to our lives－allowing us to book taxis, go shopping or eat at a restaurant without carrying a wallet－the most famous online adage was: "On the internet, no one knows you're a dog". The lack of identity confirmation wasn't a problem for most people because the "old" web was a place where our online identities could remain separate from our real lives. However, new technologies that can link bank accounts with the internet are now bringing threats into our daily lives that once only existed in virtual spaces. For many experts, one of the most worrying examples is that facial features may offer hackers the opportunity to unlock people's safe boxes. Researchers with the McAfee Labs Mobile Research Team－the threat-research division of Intel Security－recently discovered a new variant of a well-known Android banking Trojan, a form of malicious computer program also known as "malware", that can hack into personal computers by misleading users about its true content. In addition to requesting financial information, the Trojan can also request a self-portrait with your identity document, which is useful for cybercriminals because it not only confirms a person's identity, but also allows outsiders to access their bank account. Easy to counterfeit "Biometric technologies, including facial recognition, fingerprint identification and voice recognition, are not suitable for remote authentication, because they are easy to counterfeit," said Mei Lin, director of the Cyber Physical System R&D Center at the Ministry of Public Security's Third Research Institute, in an exclusive interview with China Daily. "For example, if you use your fingerprint to verify your identity in front of a bank employee, you can't wear fake fingerprint film because it can be discovered too easily. However, if you are using your fingerprint as a means of authentication for online payment with no one watching, it's both easy and cheap to cheat," he said. At least one well-known Chinese online retail platform allows customers to purchase a DIY fake fingerprint kit for just 23 yuan ($3.34). The kit contains enough silica gel to produce 20 fake fingerprint films. Once payment has been received, the vender offers video courses that teach customers how to use the gel to manufacture false fingerprints that will allow a third party to "imitate" them and fool security systems. According to clients' comments, the film can deceive fingerprint punch-card machines and screen locks on several brands of cellphone. In addition, people also face the threat posed by "backdoors"－loopholes in the program that could give hackers the opportunity to steal a person's fingerprint information. In March, computer scientists from Germany and the United States unveiled new face-capture technology that can map a user's facial expressions in real-time onto the face of a celebrity and then generate realistic video showing the celebrity "saying" anything the user chooses. Meanwhile, last month, the Chinese voice-recognition software manufacturer iFLYTEK Co launched an app that can flawlessly imitate a person's voice, pronunciation and intonation. "From a technological point of view, this means it is possible to cheat facial- and voice-recognition-based identity authentication systems with remote logins," Mei said. "In physical space, biological features such as your facial features and fingerprints are the only solid proof of your identity. On the internet, they are just digitized information that can be easily duplicated and reused." Previous Page 1 2 Next Page Previous Page 1 2 Next Page Related Stories New hacking tactics and cyber thefts revealed Cyber dialogue playing 'important role' China, US to do more on cyber crime Cyber security threats up 10 times Crackdown targets cyber black market Codebreaking center reinvented as cyber education college Photo Smog chokes capital as AQI readings spike It's snow carnival time in Beijing Hardships and hope: Life of Beijing drifters China's big lakes welcome winter migrants Workers behind Beijing's tallest building Heart-warming railway track offers free rides to passengers Latest Construction starts on second, high-tech icebreaker Reforms aim for more sustainable, greener farming Acting governor appointed in northwestern province AVIC developing ultrafast tilt-rotor aircraft Medical waste turned into tableware, toys State Council News General public have their say on government Medical insurance to be linked nationwide by end of 2016 Exclusive Year in review: China moves up the world rankings Hardships and hope: Life of Beijing drifters Year in review: Global events held in China Editor's picks The silk road in the sky Steelmakers suspected in smog Ten photos you don't wanna miss Ten photos from around China: Dec 9-15 Special Battle against poverty Sixth plenum of 18th CPC Central Committee BACK TO THE TOP HOME CHINA WORLD BUSINESS LIFESTYLE CULTURE TRAVEL SPORTS OPINION REGIONAL FORUM NEWSPAPER China Daily PDF China Daily E-paper MOBILE Copyright 1995 - . All rights reserved. The content (including but not limited to text, photo, multimedia information, etc) published in this site belongs to China Daily Information Co (CDIC). Without written authorization from CDIC, such content shall not be republished or used in any form. Note: Browsers with 1024*768 or higher resolution are suggested for this site. License for publishing multimedia online 0108263 Registration Number: 130349 About China Daily Advertise on Site Contact Us Job Offer Expat Employment FOLLOW US  
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service Diggit eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Monday, Jan 02, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Stock Market Wall St. extends rally REUTERS Published on Dec. 19, 2016 | Updated 4:55 p. m. U.S. stocks rallied, but finished short of highs earlier today in all three indexes. ASSOCIATED PRESS THE BLADE Buy This Image Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print Wall Street extended a recent rally today but finished the session short of earlier highs after several people were killed by a truck driven into a Christmas market in Germany. All three major U.S. indexes ended higher but lost some steam after German police said a truck ran into a crowded Christmas market in Berlin, killing nine people and injuring up to 50 others. THE BLADE Enlarge | Buy This Image RELATED: Searchable stock index That rattled U.S. investors already eyeing potential global troubles after the Russian ambassador to Turkey was shot dead in Ankara. “Markets want to be sure whether this is an isolated incident. Will this disrupt economic activity in just this area or will it be a wider area and for how long?,” said John Canally, chief economic strategist for LPL Financial. “That's the playbook by which markets have come to address these types of issues.” The S&P technology index rose 0.61 percent, with Microsoft, Intel, Apple and Amazon.com lifting the Nasdaq Composite to within a hair of last Tuesday's record high close. U.S. stocks have been on a tear since the Nov. 8 presidential election, with the S&P rising nearly 6 percent on bets that President-elect Donald Trump's plans for deregulation and infrastructure spending will boost the economy. The Dow Jones industrial average is less than 1 percent away from 20,000, a level it has never breached. “The Trump rally is still with us. Every time something's down for two days, people jump on it. People are looking for buying opportunities,” said Jake Dollarhide, chief executive officer of Longbow Asset Management in Tulsa, Oklahoma. However, some investors warn that uncertainty around Trump's policies and the uncertainty of whether they are approved by Congress pose major risks to current stock prices. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 39.65 points or 0.20 percent to end at 19,883.06. The S&P 500 ended up 0.20 percent at 2,262.53 after trading as high as 2,167.47. The Nasdaq Composite added 0.37 percent to end at 5,457.44. Microsoft rose 2.12 percent, Amazon.com gained 1.09 percent, Intel climbed 1.60 percent and Apple climbed 0.58 percent. All four provided the biggest boost to the Nasdaq and the S&P 500. United Technologies rose 2.12 percent, helping lift the Dow, after Credit Suisse upgraded the stock to “outperform" and increased its price target. Walt Disney rose 1.34 percent after its “Rogue One: A Star Wars Story” movie scored the second-largest December opening in history. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.66-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.34-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 13 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 157 new highs and 38 new lows. About 6.1 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, well below the 7.5 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions.  Related Items: U.S. stocks ,Wall St. Click to comment Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening Straight Talk for Teens TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2016 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor To Top Fetching stories…
