Trending: 2017 CIO 100 Call for Entries State of the CIO Careers Consumer Tech IT Strategy Security CIO Role Mobile Resources/White Papers Search cio Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Tips on shooting great video with your drone Analytics 50: How big data innovators reap results What the infosec jobs sector will look like in 2017 More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Artificial Intelligence Big Data CIO 100 Symposium and Awards Careers/Staffing Cloud Computing Consumer Technology Developers Hardware Healthcare IT Industry IT Strategy All IT Strategy CIO Role CMO Role Innovation Leadership and Management Outsourcing Infrastructure All Infrastructure Data Center Networking Storage Virtualization Internet All Internet Marketing Mobile All Mobile Mobile Apps Mobile Management Smartphones Tablets Wearables Operating Systems All Operating Systems Linux Windows Security All Security Cybersecurity Disaster Recovery Malware Privacy Regulation Software Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality Contact Us Magazine Subscription Services Archive News Opinion Resources Slideshows Video More CIO Executive Council CIO Events Newsletters RSS Blogs × Close Home Hardware Laptops News Lenovo's ThinkPad T570 will have Intel's superfast Optane storage The laptop will be one of the first PCs to run Intel's mysterious Optane memory By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Dec 27, 2016 9:01 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Lenovo's ThinkPad T570 has Intel's Kaby Lake chip. Credit: Lenovo More like this The next MacBook Pro could sport Intel's new 3D XPoint SSD Intel claims storage supremacy with swift 3D XPoint Optane drives, 1-petabyte... 10 key things to know about Intel's Kaby Lake CPUs Video Container Explainer Lenovo's ThinkPad T570 is a loaded laptop that boasts a range of whiz-bang technologies, but the ability to run Intel's secretive Optane memory stands out. When it ships in March, the T570 will be ready to run Intel's Optane, a new class of memory and storage that promises to be significantly faster than today's SSDs and DRAM. The T570 is the first laptop announced with support for Optane. Intel has not said when it will ship Optane memory, but the T570 has the hooks to support the technology. [ Download the State of the CIO 2016 report ] The T570 also can be configured with a 4K touch display, Nvidia's GeForce 940MX discrete graphics and up to 32GB of DRAM. The laptop is targeted at business users, but it could be a dream machine for enthusiasts. The 15.6-inch laptop will be available starting at $909 in March. It will have Intel's latest 7th Generation Core chips, code-named Kaby Lake. Intel will sell Optane -- which is based on technology called 3D Xpoint -- in the form of SSDs and DRAM modules. Intel has shown Optane SSDs running 10 times faster than conventional SSDs. But Optane isn't yet ready for prime time, as indicated by a closer look into the specification sheet for the T570 provided by Lenovo. It will serve mainly as secondary storage and for caching in the laptop. The Optane PCIe M.2 2242-S3 memory, which will be optional in the T570, will have a capacity of just 16GB; it will not act as primary storage, but as temporary storage to speed up applications and games. Windows 10 PCs with Optane could boot up at lightning-fast speeds. In a way, the early Optane memory could reflect the way SSDs, which are faster than hard drives, were first used for caching in laptops. The SSDs had low storage capacity, and served as temporary storage to speed up PC boot and application load times.  Optane could be useful in gaming, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said last year. Parts of  games can be preloaded on Optane, and that could provide for a much faster gaming experience. The T570 can also be configured with a 2TB hard-drive or 1TB SSD storage. The ThinkPad T570 will weigh about 2.04 kilograms. It will have Thunderbolt 3 and HDMI ports, in addition to two USB 3.0 slots. It will have 802.11ac Wi-Fi, and can be configured with Qualcomm's Snapdragon LTE modem. To comment on this article and other CIO content, visit us on Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter. Related: Laptops Storage Desktops CES 2017 Download the CIO Nov/Dec 2016 Digital Magazine You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. Popular On CIO.com IDG Contributor Network Amazon Echo vs. Google Home: The choice is obvious On the surface, it may seem like a difficult choice between Alexa and Google Home, but once you look at... EVGA GTX 1060 3GB review: A compelling $200 graphics card with a questionable Your guide to top tech conferences Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our Daily News newsletter Go 6 things you'll love about the Moto Z Droids — and 6 you won't The new Moto Z Droid and Moto Z Droid Force are now available from Verizon and Motorola. They’re some... Deep-dive review: The iPhone 7 Plus is the best iPhone yet Apple has to out-execute itself (and its rivals) every year to coerce millions of users to upgrade and... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Connection Still Thinking about Flash Storage? Resources Black River Case Study Build a Better Cloud: Understanding Your Options for a Smart Migration Strategy Build a Better Cloud: Understanding Your Options for a Smart Migration Strategy How Manufacturers Use Analytics to get a Competitive Edge IBM Systems and VAI Solution Brief Go Featured Stories Virtual assistants, chatbots poised for adoption Enterprises will continue to experiment with virtual assistants and chatbots in 2017 as they look to... Millennials push for public cloud, innovation Millennials are moving into IT decision-maker roles in their organizations. A study by Microsoft and... How to hang on to Windows 7 for the long run Not sold on Windows 10? We have the keys to keeping your Win7 system running the way you like it Post-holiday blues? Take a break from Facebook A recent study of more than 1,000 users found that spending less time on Facebook can dramatically... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals CIO Follow us Feature News News Analysis Opinion Slideshows Videos Sign up for Newsletters Sign up for Insider About CIO Ad Choices Advertising Careers at IDG Contact Us E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Security Accused hackers make millions off insider trading info Accused hackers make millions off insider trading info Three Chinese men allegedly hacked two New York law firms and made more than $4 million from the information they stole. Security by Alfred Ng December 28, 2016 1:11 PM PST @alfredwkng Up Next The robots are coming to CES, and we can't wait to meet them The three alleged hackers are accused of installing malware on two law firms' servers and using stolen emails as insider information on billion-dollar deals.Photo by James Martin/CNET The US district attorney charged three Chinese citizens for hacking two law firms and making more than $4 million from the information they allegedly stole. The three men, identified as Iat Hong, Bo Zheng and Chin Hung, are accused of targeting law firms that specialized in mergers and acquisitions and hacking their email servers to siphon off insider trading scoops. The three had targeted seven law firms in New York, and successfully breached two unnamed firms, Preet Bharara, the US district attorney for New York, said in a statement on Tuesday. "This case of cyber meets securities fraud should serve as a wake-up call for law firms around the world: You are and will be targets of cyber hacking, because you have information valuable to would-be criminals," Bharara said in the statement. The hackers were able to buy shares for cheap before anyone else knew how much they would shoot up in value from the acquisition, investigators said. Hong, Zheng and Hung looked to hack the lawyers who were helping these deals go through, according to the district attorney's office. That's how they were able to make $1.4 million off of Intel's $16.7 billion merger with Altera in March 2015, officials said. Hong, Zheng and Hung had accessed one of the law firm's web server as early as July 2014 through illegally obtained credentials of one of its employees and installed malware on the server, according to the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The trio had a list of 11 partners at the law firm who could provide the most valuable information. The malware helped the three men allegedly steal about 2.8 gigabytes of insider trading information, including an email on January 29, 2015 that included the deal terms and the proposed price Altera would be purchased for by the chipmaker. On 26 occasions, the alleged thieves purchased shares of Altera stock, netting more than 210,000 shares before selling it for a $1.4 million profit. After Intel's acquisition, Altera's share price had jumped by $9, 26 percent more than what they bought it for. Between August 1 and August 9, 2014, the three men also stole more than 50 gigabytes of confidential details from that law firm's email server, prompting them to buy 18,000 shares of Intermune stock before the drug maker was sold to Roche AG -- netting the accused hackers $380,000 in profit. They did the same for another New York law firm, targeting the firm's mergers and acquisitions partners, and installing malware on the servers. They allegedly made $841,000 off Borderfree, an e-commerce company, after it was acquired by Pitney Bowes in 2015. The US district attorney's office said this happened on at least 10 other deals, all using information the three hackers allegedly stole from the two law firms. While they weren't successful in hacking into the other five law firms, the three are accused of attempting to breach the servers on more than 100,000 occasions. The three are also accused of hacking into rival robotics companies and stealing confidential designs from their email servers between April 2014 and late 2015. Zheng, Hong and Hung were involved in a start-up robotics company, according to the affidavit (PDF). The three face at least 50 years in prison for their 13 charges and are awaiting extradition for an appearance in January. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Security Hacking Intel Related Stories Russian hackers strike at US electrical grid, report says Putin ignores Obama's sanctions for election hacking attacks Obama retaliates against Russia over election hacking The FDA doesn't want your pacemaker to get hacked Close   Discuss: Accused hackers make millions off insider... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: The robots are coming to CES, and we can't wait to meet them Iyaz's Top 5 favorite gadgets The host of "Top 5" lets you know which devices he's thrilled with. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:57 Most anticipated tech coming in 2017 Get a taste of what gadget wonders this year holds in store. by Bridget Carey Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Security Accused hackers make millions off insider trading info Accused hackers make millions off insider trading info Three Chinese men allegedly hacked two New York law firms and made more than $4 million from the information they stole. Security by Alfred Ng December 28, 2016 1:11 PM PST @alfredwkng Up Next The robots are coming to CES, and we can't wait to meet them The three alleged hackers are accused of installing malware on two law firms' servers and using stolen emails as insider information on billion-dollar deals.Photo by James Martin/CNET The US district attorney charged three Chinese citizens for hacking two law firms and making more than $4 million from the information they allegedly stole. The three men, identified as Iat Hong, Bo Zheng and Chin Hung, are accused of targeting law firms that specialized in mergers and acquisitions and hacking their email servers to siphon off insider trading scoops. The three had targeted seven law firms in New York, and successfully breached two unnamed firms, Preet Bharara, the US district attorney for New York, said in a statement on Tuesday. "This case of cyber meets securities fraud should serve as a wake-up call for law firms around the world: You are and will be targets of cyber hacking, because you have information valuable to would-be criminals," Bharara said in the statement. The hackers were able to buy shares for cheap before anyone else knew how much they would shoot up in value from the acquisition, investigators said. Hong, Zheng and Hung looked to hack the lawyers who were helping these deals go through, according to the district attorney's office. That's how they were able to make $1.4 million off of Intel's $16.7 billion merger with Altera in March 2015, officials said. Hong, Zheng and Hung had accessed one of the law firm's web server as early as July 2014 through illegally obtained credentials of one of its employees and installed malware on the server, according to the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The trio had a list of 11 partners at the law firm who could provide the most valuable information. The malware helped the three men allegedly steal about 2.8 gigabytes of insider trading information, including an email on January 29, 2015 that included the deal terms and the proposed price Altera would be purchased for by the chipmaker. On 26 occasions, the alleged thieves purchased shares of Altera stock, netting more than 210,000 shares before selling it for a $1.4 million profit. After Intel's acquisition, Altera's share price had jumped by $9, 26 percent more than what they bought it for. Between August 1 and August 9, 2014, the three men also stole more than 50 gigabytes of confidential details from that law firm's email server, prompting them to buy 18,000 shares of Intermune stock before the drug maker was sold to Roche AG -- netting the accused hackers $380,000 in profit. They did the same for another New York law firm, targeting the firm's mergers and acquisitions partners, and installing malware on the servers. They allegedly made $841,000 off Borderfree, an e-commerce company, after it was acquired by Pitney Bowes in 2015. The US district attorney's office said this happened on at least 10 other deals, all using information the three hackers allegedly stole from the two law firms. While they weren't successful in hacking into the other five law firms, the three are accused of attempting to breach the servers on more than 100,000 occasions. The three are also accused of hacking into rival robotics companies and stealing confidential designs from their email servers between April 2014 and late 2015. Zheng, Hong and Hung were involved in a start-up robotics company, according to the affidavit (PDF). The three face at least 50 years in prison for their 13 charges and are awaiting extradition for an appearance in January. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Security Hacking Intel Related Stories Russian hackers strike at US electrical grid, report says Putin ignores Obama's sanctions for election hacking attacks Obama retaliates against Russia over election hacking The FDA doesn't want your pacemaker to get hacked Close   Discuss: Accused hackers make millions off insider... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: The robots are coming to CES, and we can't wait to meet them Iyaz's Top 5 favorite gadgets The host of "Top 5" lets you know which devices he's thrilled with. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:57 Most anticipated tech coming in 2017 Get a taste of what gadget wonders this year holds in store. by Bridget Carey Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Hardware Mobile Computing lenovo ces 2017 Lenovo rolls out refreshed ThinkPads featuring Kaby Lake CPUs and Optane SSDs By Shawn Knight on Dec 28, 2016, 3:30 PM TechSpot Lenovo on Wednesday announced a smattering of new ThinkPad notebooks and accessories, some of which will ship with exciting new technology like Intel’s Optane solid state drives. Lenovo has four new ThinkPad T-Series models in the pipeline – the T470, T470p, T470s and the T570 – as well as the budget-minded L470 / L570, the ThinkPad Yoga 370, the ThinkPad 13 and the ThinkPad X270. All new ThinkPads will be offered with Intel’s new Kaby Lake family of Core processors and Windows 10 pre-loaded with a Microsoft Signature Image that ensures a bloatware-free start right out of the box. Each system will also support Microsoft’s Windows Precision touchpad drivers which should enable a consistent experience across all ThinkPad devices. Select models like the ThinkPad T470 and the T570 can be configured with an Optane drive utilizing Intel’s highly anticipated XPoint technology. Easily the most intriguing aspect of the new machines, the Optane drives Lenovo is using feature a capacity of just 16GB. Looking back at a leaked Intel roadmap, we see that these drives are likely codenamed Stony Beach which Intel described as a system acceleration product. In other words, the first wave of Optane drives like the ones Lenovo is using will likely be used as a cache for slower yet larger storage devices. As the technology matures and prices come down, 3D XPoint-based drives will probably replace traditional SSDs, assuming of course that the tech is able to deliver on its performance promises and gains a large enough following. Other noteworthy features on select systems include touch fingerprint readers and IR cameras to enable Windows Hello login as well as USB Type-C ports with Thunderbolt 3. Design-conscious consumers will also appreciate the fact that Lenovo has added a new silver color option on select models. Pricing and availability are as follows: ThinkPad Yoga 370 – starts at $1,264 – available from March 2017 ThinkPad T470 – starts at $914 – available from February 2017 ThinkPad T570 – starts at $909 – available from March 2017 ThinkPad T470s – starts at $1,099 – available from February 2017 ThinkPad T470p – starts at $1,049 – available from March 2017 ThinkPad 13 – starts at $647 – available from January 2017 ThinkPad L470 – starts at $799 – available from March 2017 ThinkPad L570 – starts at $809 – available from March 2017 ThinkPad X270 – starts at $909 – available from March 2017 Lenovo also announced a new USB Type-C dock ($199.99 starting in January) and a Thunderbolt 3 dock ($279.99 come February) as well as a pair of new ThinkVision monitors, the ThinkVision P24h and the ThinkVision P27h priced at $259 and $329, respectively. Both will be available starting in March 2017. Expect to see more from Lenovo in the lead-up to CES 2017 next week. Related Reads Intel's ultra-fast Optane SSDs reportedly set to launch alongside Kaby Lake CPUs Lenovo announces the Kaby Lake-powered Yoga 910 plus two tablets at IFA Leaked roadmap reveals Intel's plans for Kaby Lake, Apollo Lake-powered NUCs 4 comments 57 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Dell unveils a 2-in-1 version of its excellent XPS 13 laptop Corsair Force MP500 480GB Review LG G6 renders: non-removable batteries are in, modular design out Product Finder scores 89 Lenovo ThinkPad P70 84 Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga 83 Lenovo ThinkPad T450s Popular 29 comments Trump wants to use couriers for important messages because "no computer is safe" Corsair Force MP500 480GB Review 19 comments Evidence of Russian malware found on Vermont utility computer Pioneer the next gaming hit with 26 hours of Unity3D training Load Comments 4 ... User Comments: 4 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 18 Removing "line in" echo from Realtek HD Audio output (if it is not a sound effect) 19 Is my PC good for gaming? 60 What was the last piece of PC hardware you bought? 7 Budget Build Feedback 10 Color MFC Laser Printer Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español 5 reasons why Windows on ARM could change computing -- and 3 reasons it won't Microsoft cracked the code for putting full Windows on tablets and phones. Is it too little too late? Mobile by Sean Hollister December 27, 2016 12:00 PM PST @starfire2258 Up Next The robots are coming to CES, and we can't wait to meet them If Microsoft could go back in time, I've a pretty good idea what would happen. CEO Satya Nadella would hand his younger self the code for Microsoft's new Win32 on ARM emulator. It's the missing piece of the puzzle that could finally let Microsoft build Windows phones, razor-thin tablets and tiny laptops that people might actually want to buy. It could have maybe saved Microsoft billions of dollars and thousands of jobs, if the company had had it just a few years ago. See, Win32 refers to the traditional Windows desktop apps you know and love, like Office and Photoshop, VLC and Steam. Thing is, the versions of Windows that ran on phones or thin tablets never could use those all-important Win32 apps -- because the energy-efficient ARM processors that powered those devices weren't compatible. Would you rather have a thicker tablet, or a thinner, cheaper tablet that couldn't run all your apps? That was the choice in 2012, but Microsoft didn't make it clear.Photo by Josh Lowensohn/CNET It was actually quite the scandal back in 2012, when Microsoft tried to sell the first Microsoft Surface RT tablet with a stripped-down version of Windows -- Windows RT -- instead of the real thing. Microsoft lost nearly a billion dollars when the Surface RT didn't sell, and nearly $8 billion more when it had to write off all its Nokia phones. But this year, Microsoft says it's finally cracked the code. On December 7, the company announced it would bring the full Windows 10 operating system, including Win32 apps, to ARM-based Qualcomm processors. That means real Windows desktop apps could run on phones -- and beyond. Is it too little too late? Here are five reasons why this single achievement could change the computing landscape -- and three ways it could fail yet again. Why Windows on ARM could succeed Enlarge Image The Surface Book is nearly an inch thick. (The Surface Pro 4 is a third of an inch -- but the iPad is less than a quarter-inch thick.)Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET 1) Windows tablets could trounce the iPad The Surface Pro and Surface Book might be awesome Windows computers, but no one's mistaking them for an Apple iPad -- they're comparatively thick, heavy and generally far more expensive. Meanwhile, Apple's iPad still hasn't quite gotten to the point where it can replace a computer for many people. (That's probably why the Mac still exists.) Microsoft's Windows 10 OS has the chops to be for both a PC and a tablet, but few companies have managed to produce a competitive tablet using Intel processors. (The Samsung TabPro S is an exception to the rule.) Qualcomm's chips, with built-in wireless connectivity, could bring the battery life and always-on internet connection that Intel hasn't up to now. 2) Windows phones could turn up the heat HP's Elite x3 turns into a Windows desktop when you dock it. It can even run Win32 desktop apps -- if you pay for HP to host them on cloud servers.Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET Right now, Android and Apple are your only viable options for a smartphone, but that could change. Windows phones -- ones that support all the traditional Windows apps, anyhow -- might be attractive enough to pose a real alternative. What if your phone could turn into a full Windows desktop or laptop when you plug it into a dock? It's an idea that's been tried before, but never with a Windows desktop that actually ran desktop apps on the phone itself. That's now theoretically possible with Windows on ARM, and it's something both PC makers and phone makers can now pursue. If enough people buy into the idea, the mobile app developers that once skipped Windows Phone might give it another chance, too. 3) VR and AR Windows is where the hottest virtual and augmented reality experiences live, but they're not particularly portable. They're all either tethered to Windows desktops or laptops, or have poor battery life (Microsoft HoloLens). To cut the cord and venture out into the real world with smaller, standalone headsets, we need lightweight, always-connected-to-the-internet processors that last more than a few hours on a charge. That's what Qualcomm's ARM chips do best, by baking the cellular radios right into the processor instead of requiring additional components. 4) Laptops get cellular superpowers, too How often do you wish your laptop had a cellular connection? Terrible coffee shop Wi-Fi could be a thing of the past with an ARM-powered Windows device. Today, you don't see a lot of cellular-powered laptops because it's a huge design constraint: Manufacturers have to make room for a removable cellular module and a SIM card tray, and install software to control the whole thing. But again, Qualcomm's chips have cellular built right in, and Microsoft says Windows will natively support tiny embedded reprogrammable SIM cards (eSIM) so there's no need to swap out SIMs. Of course, not every manufacturer will go to the trouble of adding cellular antennas, and you'll still need a data plan, but you can probably expect cellular models to be way more affordable than the $150-$300 premium you might pay today. (Plus, prices might come down if Intel and Qualcomm are competing to be in your next PC.) With fast future 5G networks, there may come a time when cell connectivity is the norm for computers. The Oculus Santa Cruz prototype. Facebook's Oculus, Intel, Microsoft and Qualcomm all believe that standalone wireless VR headsets might be a new opportunity.Photo by Josh Miller/CNET 5) ARM processors might be fast enough to rival Intel chips now Sure, your phone isn't anywhere near as fast as a beefy gaming PC packed with Intel, AMD and Nvidia processors -- but you might be surprised how far mobile processors have come. In one benchmark, the ARM chip inside Apple's new iPhone 7 actually beats the Intel ones inside Apple's MacBook Air. The eight-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 835, the processor that Microsoft is targeting for this new Windows release, could be even more powerful. Putting benchmarks aside, Microsoft showed off a Windows 10 machine running Adobe Photoshop on a quad-core Snapdragon 820, and you can bet that tomorrow's eight-core Snapdragon 835 will be a good bit faster than that. Why Microsoft could crash and burn yet again 1) Windows desktop apps could still be slow Here's the thing about Microsoft's newfound app support: It uses an emulator, and emulators have a tendency to slow everything down. The emulator is a piece of software that lets your ARM-based Snapdragon chip pretend to be an Intel-like x86 processor, and every CPU cycle that maintains the disguise is one that's not being used to actually run your app. Which means that even if the Snapdragon 835 is just as fast as a comparable Intel chip, things will probably run a bit slower. We can't say how much slower, and Microsoft has built some impressive emulators in the past -- the Xbox One can now play Xbox 360 games thanks to the company's work. And a Microsoft representative tells CNET that Windows on ARM is relatively fast: "People will experience apps at a similar speed to what they experience on other, similarly priced PCs." Still, "there is always an overhead associated with emulation," Moor Insights and Strategy analyst Patrick Moorhead tells us -- and also notes that emulators sometimes have difficulty supporting external devices like printers and scanners. Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET 2) Who's going to actually build a Windows phone? Sure, Windows Phones could make meaningful competition for iPhone and Android -- but who's going to stick their necks out? Probably not Microsoft, whose phone ambitions got squashed when it had to part ways with Nokia. (We do still hear rumors about a Surface Phone, though.) Laptops and tablets are one thing, but a bunch of companies got burned trying to support the last big batch of Windows Phones (and Windows RT tablets), including a couple that have since called the phone business quits (Nokia and Dell). Are any OEMs brave enough to wholeheartedly support Microsoft against Apple and Google this time around? 3) Customers might not trust Microsoft again Microsoft is the proverbial boy who called wolf -- year after year, the company promised you'd finally be able to get full Windows on a thin tablet or phone. Even if that's about to become true, would you buy a Windows Phone or iPad-like device knowing how previous customers were left out in the cold? Microsoft's biggest fans who bought into Windows Phone found themselves unable to upgrade to newer versions of the operating system, and Microsoft did a pretty crappy job explaining to customers that Windows RT tablets wouldn't run their desktop apps. If Microsoft comes out and says, "No, this time we really mean it, you can actually have a functional Windows desktop on a tiny device," will customers believe them? Qualcomm tells CNET the first such devices will go on sale late in 2017. I guess that's when we'll know for sure. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Mobile Tablets Laptops Phones Qualcomm Processors ARM Intel Microsoft Nokia Windows 10 CNET Review Microsoft Surface Book The Surface Book is a high-end laptop and part-time tablet, with some hidden gaming chops. $1,499.00 See it Related Stories Can't be bothered to organize your Android phone? Install this Samsung unveils new Galaxy A phones 5 clever alarm apps to help you start the day right 3 alternative Facebook apps for Android and iOS Close   Discuss: 5 reasons why Windows on ARM could change... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: The robots are coming to CES, and we can't wait to meet them Iyaz's Top 5 favorite gadgets The host of "Top 5" lets you know which devices he's thrilled with. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:57 Most anticipated tech coming in 2017 Get a taste of what gadget wonders this year holds in store. by Bridget Carey Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Difference between revisions of "Speaker Series" From MozillaWiki Jump to: navigation, search Revision as of 10:44, 16 December 2016 (view source) Wikibiz (Talk | contribs) (→‎Wednesday, January 18, 2017: Data and People: A Discussion with Laszlo Bock, Sr Advisor and former SVP of People Operations, Google) ← Older edit Revision as of 10:28, 28 December 2016 (view source) Wikibiz (Talk | contribs) (→‎Topic Areas) Newer edit → Line 3: Line 3:       ===Topic Areas===   ===Topic Areas=== − In 2017, we'll focus on 2-3 broad areas of interest and will work with Mozillians to refine into specific topics: + In 2017, we'll focus on 3 -4 broad areas of interest . We will work with Mozillians to refine these areas into specific topics: − * ''' Product''' topics e.g. user-centered design; user acquisition and retention; metrics + * ''' Products''' e.g. user-centered design; user acquisition and retention; metrics − * '''Emerging Technologies''' e.g. Internet of Things; Artificial Intelligence and Virtual Reality; and their implications on [https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/internet-health/ Internet Health] e.g. security and privacy, access   + * '''Emerging Technologies''' e.g. internet of things; artificial intelligence and virtual reality − * '''People''' topics e.g. teamwork & collaboration; community-building; communications   + * '''Our [https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/foundation/issues/ Issues Agenda]''' including [https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/internet-health/ Internet Health] e.g. security and privacy, access     + * '''People''' e.g. teamwork & collaboration; community-building; communications       ===Speaker Criteria===   ===Speaker Criteria=== Revision as of 10:28, 28 December 2016 Contents 1 Overview 1.1 Topic Areas 1.2 Speaker Criteria 1.3 Program Objectives 2 Testimonials 3 Upcoming Speakers 3.1 Wednesday, January 18, 2017: Data and People: A Discussion with Laszlo Bock, Sr Advisor and former SVP of People Operations, Google 4 Previous Speakers 4.1 November 16: Failure: The Hard Part about Innovation, with Ashley Good, Fail Forward 4.2 October 12: Metadata is the new data... and why that (really) matters, with Harlo Holmes, Freedom of the Press Foundation 4.3 September 1: Being Human in a Data-Filled World with Genevieve Bell, Intel 4.4 July 20, 2016: The Invention Cycle with Tina Seelig, Stanford University 4.5 May 26, 2016: Twelve Technology Forces Shaping the Next 30 Years with Kevin Kelly, Wired 4.6 April 27, 2016: When Change is the Only Constant, with Kirsten Wolberg, PayPal 4.7 March 24, 2016: The Role of a Product Manager with Josh Elman, Greylock Partners 4.8 February 25, 2016: Building Product with Partners - Interview with April Underwood, Slack 4.9 January 27, 2016: The Right Way to Build Software with Jocelyn Goldfein, ex-Facebook 4.10 December 3, 2015: Optimizing for Uncertainty with Mike Arauz, August 4.11 October 22, 2015: Data as Empathy with Frances Haugen, Yelp 4.12 September 24, 2015: Should I Put it on Yammer? The Neuroscience of Online Communications with Deanna Zandt 4.13 August 13, 2015: Build, Measure, Learn: Being a Growth Organization with Hiten Shah, KISSMetrics 4.14 July 23, 2015: Rapid Prototyping with Tom Chi, GoogleX 4.15 May 21, 2015: Onboarding and Team Debt with Kate Heddleston 5 Submitting a Speaker Idea Overview Mozilla hosts speakers from tech, non-profit and other related industries to address topics tied to our mission, our strategy and to our nearer-term business objectives. Topic Areas In 2017, we'll focus on 3-4 broad areas of interest. We will work with Mozillians to refine these areas into specific topics: Products e.g. user-centered design; user acquisition and retention; metrics Emerging Technologies e.g. internet of things; artificial intelligence and virtual reality Our Issues Agenda including Internet Health e.g. security and privacy, access People e.g. teamwork & collaboration; community-building; communications Speaker Criteria We prefer speakers who: Have practical hands-on experience in their area of expertise (vs. just academic or consulting) Have significant experience public speaking and/or teaching, as well as in their domain of expertise Are willing to customize their material to Mozilla’s specific needs Motivate audiences to both learn and act (as distinguished from general “TED”-like inspirational talks) Encompass diverse and underrepresented backgrounds, perspectives and geographies Are recommended by other Mozillians Do not promote a commercial or personal agenda The speaker(s) share live from a Mozilla office and are publicly streamed to Mozilla's other offices via Air Mozilla and archived for subsequent viewing. We encourage speakers to allot at least 15-20 minutes for Q&A. Typical in-person attendance at each office is 20-30; additionally roughly 100-200 other attendees tune in live remotely. Follow-on views are available to our thousands of community members and the public. Program Objectives The objectives of the Mozilla Speaker Series are to: Expose Mozilla staff to new ideas, practices and technologies Facilitate learning, skill-building and professional development Testimonials "It's rare for companies to be really good at learning from that failure and being diligent in discussing it. Hearing that part of the talk was really valuable to me. I'll try to make a conscious effort to learn from failure." --November 2016 "The concept of reframing failure so others can learn and de-personalizing the sense of responsibility we feel was helpful." --November 2016 "Before Harlo's talk, I also hadn't thought much about the role of freelance journalists and the complexities of protecting people and data who don't necessarily have the shelter of large news organizations. I think there are some implications for Mozilla community there." --October 2016 "Genevieve showed us how designing data-rich experiences for humans often ignores important nuances and dualities that are present in life." --September 2016 "There are human choices built in to the design of our technology systems, and Genevieve provided some examples of this (e.g. turning off mail servers) that I will use." --September 2016 "The opportunity to reflect on the unchanging constants of human behaviour and contrast them with the technology-driven product decisions we often make was illuminating." --September 2016 "When building the next technologies of services, data sets, etc we need to ask ourselves if it plays into what is meaningful to the human race of family/friends, secrets/lies, community. Or we need to solve the challenges that have plagued us, time/reputation/forgetfulness. This is a great basis for Mozilla to start from when "prototyping the future." --September 2016 "The most important thing I learned from Tina was about framing the question, because I often assume that solving the 'function' is solving the problem, when it is not. Zoom out to fall in love with the problem." --July 2016 "Kevin was my favorite speaker yet! Thank you! It was very apropos to the direction we're going with Firefox being the 'personal browser.'" --May 2016 "Please keep it running as long as possible - it's an excellent forum!" --May 2016 "Kirsten was GREAT. I don't think the lessons folks learned as mid-level managers in explosively growing social companies apply to Mozilla. But I do think Wohlberg's lessons apply to us." --April 2016 "This series is really great. Focus on Product seems to be the theme and is a much necessary one for us now. Thanks for bringing them. It really helps." --March 2016 "April addressed some questions that were particularly apropos to a project I'm working on. It was interesting to see how Slack faced the same problem!" --February 2016 "Jocelyn's talk was brilliant. She presented a very insightful and productive way to reframe the conversation about release management. Just what we needed right now. Great choice!" --January 2016 "The speaker was very good, had thought-provoking ideas, yet delivered those ideas in a tasteful and relaxed way. I am likely to share and recommend my friends to go watch the video recording later." --December 2015 "This speaker was especially relevant and valuable because she provided tangible and actionable information in addition to being thought-provoking." -- October 2015 "Seeing speakers like this are really heartening to see at Mozilla. I think it will drive some really impactful change." -- September 2015 "Bringing in subject matter experts from the outside help us push our sometimes-bubble-like thinking. It's very easy to get caught up in our own 'laws' and constraints but hearing best practices such as Hitten will help us open our eyes a bit more. I'm excited because his presentation was spot on and hopefully expanded our horizons a bit." -- August 2015 "Really learned to think differently about a lot of things and also 'argument' differently when discussing new features or ideas. Always think about the user value, and how what you are working on will hinder or improve the user experience." -- July 2015 "This felt like the most interesting speaker so far, perhaps because it was directly relevant to our day-to-day work. He was also quite a good speaker, which helps. Getting people to talk about areas where we think we could do better or use a different perspective seems like a good general strategy." -- July 2015 "I love getting an outside perspective from an expert in an area. We spend a lot of time talking to ourselves so that outside perspective is awesome." -- May 2015 "The talk was engaging and the Paris employees loved the 'Brantina' idea and felt more a part of the conversation." -- May 2015 Upcoming Speakers Wednesday, January 18, 2017: Data and People: A Discussion with Laszlo Bock, Sr Advisor and former SVP of People Operations, Google Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, January 18 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: Data and People: A Discussion with Google’s former SVP of People Operations Laszlo Bock When Google’s head of People came out with the bestselling book Work Rules! last year, he debunked many myths. Adopting an experiments-based approach with their people, his team was able to gather data challenging commonly accepted assumptions about hiring, compensation, performance evaluations, training and more. For example, in 2010 Google's research showed that junior, female software engineers were not getting promoted at the same rate as their male counterparts. Digging deeper, the team discovered differing self-nomination rates. Men, who in many cultures are typically more comfortable self-promoting, were nominating themselves at higher rates than their equally qualified but, on average, less self-promoting female peers. To address this, a senior leader shared the data with Googlers and encouraged all engineers to self-nominate when ready, and told managers to keep their eyes open for promo-ready Googlers. Eventually, promotion rates equaled out. Of course, Google isn’t Mozilla. For one thing, Google has over 60,000 staff in over 70 offices in 40 countries around the world. But the work and findings from Google - whose staff typically provide statistically-significant and rich data sets - can be useful references as we strive to create a Mozilla that is diverse, innovative and, at our core, puts people first. On January 18, Mozilla's Larissa Shapiro will interview Laszlo. She’ll dig deeper into the approaches and learnings Google has taken with people and data, and help us uncover how these types of approaches apply to the science and art of people management at mozilla. Speaker: Currently a senior advisor to Google, from 2006 to 2016, Laszlo Bock served as SVP of People Operations, leading Google's people function responsible for attracting, developing, retaining, and delighting "Googlers.” He believes that giving people freedom and supplementing our instincts with hard science are steps on the path to making work meaningful and people happy. During Bock's tenure, Google was named the Best Company to Work more than 30 times around the world and received over 100 awards as an employer of choice. In 2010, Laszlo was named "Human Resources Executive of the Year" by HR Executive Magazine. He is the author of "WORK RULES! Insights from Inside Google to Transform How You Live and Lead," which has been named one of the top 15 business books of 2015. He has testified before Congress on immigration reform and labor issues and been featured in The Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, the PBS Newshour and on the Today Show. Bock's earlier experience spans executive roles at the General Electric Company, management consulting at McKinsey & Company, start-ups, non-profits, and acting. He (briefly) held the world record for Greek Syrtaki dance (along with 1,620 others). * Note: Laszlo dedicates all proceeds of his book to charities relating to education and veterans, the former mainly focused on giving disadvantaged kids better access e.g. Peninsula Bridge. Host: Larissa Shapiro Questions: In advance submit questions here During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #mozSS Previous Speakers November 16: Failure: The Hard Part about Innovation, with Ashley Good, Fail Forward Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, November 16 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: Failure: The Hard Part about Innovation When you start a new job or project, you envision exciting things you and your team will accomplish together. When you do your planning, you state what you'll achieve and measure those achievements. And when you are rewarded, it's typically for a job "well done.” Why even set goals, objectives or KPIs if you aren’t planning on succeeding? Because the best, most innovative organizations do more than set and achieve goals. They also fail. Failure is actually a by-product of innovation. It's the "risk" element of the "risk - reward” equation. Cue the emergence of global failure events and meet ups. As humans conditioned to win and succeed since birth, navigating how to “fail well" is hardly intuitive. What constitutes a "good failure"? And at what point do you decide you’ve failed, rather than persevere? Or change your direction e.g. the notorious ‘pivot’? In a world where success is rewarded and everyone is in the game to “win,” what does it mean to “fail well”? At our November speaker series, we will explore how Mozilla can be a place where failure is not minimized, denied, or shunned, but instead treated as a valuable source of learning and insight to set us up for future successes. Specifically, Ashley Good of Fail Forward will get us started with very practical insights into how we can: Craft a language of failure Communicate failure for learning Develop the gift of feedback Speaker: Working in Cairo with the United Nations Environment Programme and as a management consultant in Vancouver, Ashley Good saw how fear of failure inhibits innovation, adaptation, and performance. In response, she launched Fail Forward to spark a shift in how we perceive and talk about failure, and to help organizations learn, innovate and build resilience. Since 2010 Ashley has worked with organizations – from grantmakers and nonprofits to government and private sector companies – to use failure as a learning tool and culture driver to support and foster innovation. She is well known for building the Organizational Learning Team at Engineers Without Borders Canada, and she continues to lead their annual Failure Report. Ashley is a contributor to the Globe and Mail Leadership Lab, Public Sector Digest, and World Economic Forum Agenda. Her work has received coverage in a wide range of media and news outlets, including National Post, The Globe and Mail, CBC Radio and Television, The New York Times, and Fast Company. She is recognized by Harvard Business Review and McKinsey as the recipient of the Innovating Innovation Award, hosted Canada’s first ever conference dedicated to intelligent failure, and is a half-ironman triathlete. She earned her Bachelor of Science from the University of British Columbia with honours. Mozilla Host: George Roter Deck Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS October 12: Metadata is the new data... and why that (really) matters, with Harlo Holmes, Freedom of the Press Foundation Location: Mozilla Toronto + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, October 12 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: Metadata is the new data ... and why that (really) matters Maybe it’s when the person you had a bad date with on Tinder shows up in your “people you may know” feed in Facebook. Or when you accept the default settings on your Android phone and share all of your transit habits with Google. Those moments might lead you to suspect considerable information about you and your behavior (aka “metadata”) is being harvested, shared and saved. But you had no reason to predict that. Nobody told you what was being gathered, or who it was being shared with. Or maybe they did, in a long, detailed unread terms of service. Today’s proliferation of mobile devices and platforms such as Google and Facebook has exacerbated this extensive, prolific sharing about users and their behaviors in ways most do not understand. Announcements about Facebook encrypting Messenger and WhatsApp appear to be encouraging ways of protecting your data... but they belie a different story of splintered approaches to metadata collection and silos among major platform providers. Similar disparities exist among how browsers treat metadata. So while the actual content of our messages may be encrypted, dangerous legal, financial, political and even medical implications to metadata remain. The impact of information about what you do (and when you do it) has yet to be explored or defined, let alone systematized. Fortunately mozilla is in a position to advocate for practices and policies that serve users first. We’ll hear specifically how from Harlo Holmes, Director of Newsroom Digital Security for the Freedom of the Press Foundation. Speaker: Harlo is the Director of Newsroom Digital Security at the Freedom of the Press Foundation. She strives to help individual journalists in various media organizations become confident and effective in securing their communications within their newsrooms, with their sources, and with the public at large. She is a media scholar, software programmer, and activist; and contributes to the open source mobile security collective The Guardian Project. She has helped journalists use tools to preserve their privacy and do their jobs better; is a member of Deep Lab, a collaborative group of cyberfeminist researchers, artists, writers, engineers, and more addressing issues such as privacy, surveillance, code and art; and was a Mozilla Knight Open News Fellow in 2014. Mozillian Host: Aurelia Moser Presentation deck Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS September 1: Being Human in a Data-Filled World with Genevieve Bell, Intel Location: Mozilla Portland + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, September 1 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: Being Human in a Data-Filled World In May, Kevin Kelly shared the possibilities that technology will offer us over the next 30 years. Not addressed were some of the unintended consequences of this progress. Facebook Live, Snapchat and Pokemon Go provide a few examples of how tech is outpacing our ability to socially (and legally) master it. Innovation unchecked can pose serious challenges to our very humanity. Best practices for user research and focusing on specific use cases have limited impact on our ability to shape the future we want. Dr. Genevieve Bell is responsible for corporate sensing and insights at Intel. She leads a cross-discipline foresights community that delivers insights into significant societal, technical and global trends. At Mozilla she’ll deliver what she terms “more of a meditation and conversation than a talk” on what it means to proactively preserve our humanity in a world that is increasingly digital. This sounds high level but it's also practical: we’ll learn about five things that don’t change and five things that do, and how paying close attention to them will help us be successful. Speaker: An accomplished anthropologist and researcher, Genevieve Bell joined Intel in 1998. During that time, she has helped drive Intel’s focus on user experiences and led various teams of social scientists and designers. She has been granted a number of patents for consumer electronics innovations throughout her career, with additional patents in the user experience space. She is the author of numerous journal papers and articles. She was named an Intel Fellow in 2008, a vice president in 2013 and a Senior Fellow in 2016. In addition to her position at Intel, Bell is a highly regarded industry expert and frequent commentator on the intersection of culture and technology. She has been featured in publications such as Wired, Forbes, The Atlantic, Fast Company, the Wall Street Journal and The New York Times. She is also a sought-after public speaker and panelist at technology conferences worldwide for the insights she has gained from extensive international field work and research. Mozillian Host: Dietrich Ayala Deck Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS July 20, 2016: The Invention Cycle with Tina Seelig, Stanford University Location: Mozilla MV + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, July 20 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: The Invention Cycle: Going From Inspiration to Implementation Are you stuck on where to go with your product and need an infusion of creativity? Do you struggle with brainstorming new ideas? Coming up with new solutions? Bringing fresh ideas to life and ultimately to market is not a well charted course. In July, our guest Tina Seelig will share a new model, the Invention Cycle, that taps into our innate capabilities of imagination and creativity to help us innovate better. Tina’s framework captures the attitudes and actions necessary to foster innovation and to bring breakthrough ideas to the world. We’ll learn: - Crisp definitions for imagination, creativity, innovation, and entrepreneurship - Clear roadmap for progressing from the seed of an idea through implementation - Concrete attitudes and actions needed to bring ideas to fruition We’ll also be joined by a group of mozillians(1) who recently spent a half day working with Tina; they'll share how these learnings have translated directly into their roles at mozilla. (1) David Bialer, David Bryant, Greg Jost, Jean Gong, Jet Villegas, Martin Best, Rosana Ardila, Tim Murray, Jen Bertsch and Rina Jensen Speaker: Tina Seelig is passionate about creativity, innovation, and entrepreneurship. As Professor of the Practice in the department of Management Science and Engineering, faculty director of the Stanford Technology Ventures Program, and a founding member of the Hasso Plattner Institute of Design (d.school) at Stanford's School of Engineering, she works with others who embrace the idea that entrepreneurs do much more than imaginable with much less than seems possible. After earning her Ph.D. from Stanford University Medical School in Neuroscience, Tina has worked as a management consultant, multimedia producer, and was the founder of a multimedia company. She’s also written 17 books and educational games, including The Epicurean Laboratory and Incredible Edible Science, published by Scientific American; and a series of card games, called Games for Your Brain, published by Chronicle Books. Her newest books, published by HarperCollins are What I Wish I Knew When I Was 20 (2009), inGenius: A Crash Course on Creativity (2012), and Insight Out (2015). She’s been honored to receive significant recognition of her work, including the Gordon Prize from the National Academy of Engineering, the National Olympus Innovation Award, the SVForum Visionary Award, and several university teaching awards. Host: Rina Jensen Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS Deck materials also in this post May 26, 2016: Twelve Technology Forces Shaping the Next 30 Years with Kevin Kelly, Wired Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, May 26 @ Mozilla SF - 10:30am PT / 1:30pm ET / 6:30pm UTC Topic: Twelve Technology Forces Shaping the Next 30 Years Much of what will happen in the next thirty years is inevitable, driven by technological trends already in motion. Wired founder Kevin Kelly has an optimistic roadmap for the future, showing how the coming changes in our lives—from virtual reality in the home to an on-demand economy to artificial intelligence embedded in everything we manufacture—can be understood as the result of a few long-term, accelerating forces. These deep trends—flowing, screening, accessing, sharing, filtering, remixing, tracking, and questioning—overlap and are codependent on one another. And they will completely revolutionize the way we buy, work, learn, and communicate. By understanding and embracing them, it will be easier for us to remain on top of the coming wave of changes and to arrange our day-to-day relationships with technology in ways that bring forth maximum benefits. Join us as mozilla's John Jensen interviews Kevin on these trends: what exactly are they, how are they playing out in our world, and what can we do as technologists ourselves to ensure they contribute to the future we want. Speaker: Kevin Kelly is Senior Maverick at Wired magazine. He co-founded Wired in 1993, and served as its Executive Editor for its first seven years. His new book for Viking/Penguin The Inevitable will be released in early June 2016. He is also founding editor and co-publisher of the popular Cool Tools website, which has been reviewing tools daily since 2003. From 1984-1990 Kelly was publisher and editor of the Whole Earth Review, a journal of unorthodox technical news. He co-founded the ongoing Hackers’ Conference, and was involved with the launch of the WELL, a pioneering online service started in 1985. His books include the best-selling New Rules for the New Economy; the classic book on decentralized emergent systems, Out of Control; a graphic novel about robots and angels, The Silver Cord; an oversize catalog of the best of Cool Tools; and his summary theory of technology in What Technology Wants (2010). Host Interviewer: John Jensen Questions: Submit questions for Kevin & John during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS #theinevitable April 27, 2016: When Change is the Only Constant, with Kirsten Wolberg, PayPal Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, April 27 @ Mozilla SF - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: When Change is the Only Constant, Org Structure Doesn’t Matter While it may be true in tech that “change is the only constant,” some changes are bigger than others. Things like…deciding to develop an OS as well as a browser. And an app. Focusing on devices beyond phones. Changing our approach to advertising and content. Instilling an entire culture of experimentation and measurement across functions. These types of shifts can impact job roles, titles, tools - in short, they impact all the stuff of our daily work. Whether an organization is decentralized or command & control, these kinds of changes are never simple nor straightforward. There’s no silver bullets. And yet, when done thoughtfully and holistically, significant change management can make the difference between life and death of a product, an organization and its community. As a leader of major change efforts at PayPal, Salesforce and Charles Schwab, Kirsten Wolberg has moved a global organization to agile development and helped change the overall ownership of her organization. She'll draw off these experiences and share we might manage the changes happening at Mozilla. Speaker: Kirsten Wolberg currently serves as Vice President, Talent at PayPal, leading the talent acquisition, performance and learning teams. She also holds the role as Separation Executive for PayPal leading the PayPal separation program as part of the eBay/PayPal tax-free split. Kirsten was selected to lead the newly created Talent organization for PayPal to bring her deep background in technology, operations and transformational change leadership to the talent function. She is leading the innovation to reimagine Talent for the newly independent PayPal. Prior to her current roles she led the chief operating functions for PayPal Technology including technology strategy, planning, M&A, quality, transformation, employee engagement and the PayPal Open Source Office. Previously, she was Chief Information Officer (CIO) at salesforce.com and divisional CIO for Corporate Technology at Charles Schwab. Kirsten is on the Board of Silicon Graphics International. She is also Trustees for. Additionally she is a Board Member of the Greater Bay Area chapter of the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, Year Up Bay Area, and Jewish Vocational Services. Kirsten holds a BS degree in Finance from USC and an MBA from J.L. Kellogg School of Management. Host: David Slater Questions: Submit questions for Kirsten during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS March 24, 2016: The Role of a Product Manager with Josh Elman, Greylock Partners Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, March 24 @ Mozilla MV - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: The Role of a Product Manager - and Everyone Else "The job of a product manager is to help your team (and company) ship the right product to your users.” Seems simple - but anyone who has worked on a product knows it’s not. At what point are you ready to ship? What is the right product? How do you know when you’ve built it? And often more complicated than it sounds: who are your users? The best PMs are less product thought leaders and visionaries (though they certainly may be), but moreso shepherds of stakeholders and builders of processes to sort through these critical challenges. While they typically don’t produce tangible artifacts such as code or mockups, the ultimate success of the team and product can hinge on the effectiveness of the product manager. In short, product management done well helps make companies and products much better. But when done badly, it can significantly hurt a company and team. Speaker: As an investment partner at Greylock, Josh Elman invests in entrepreneurs building social networks and platforms, mobile apps, new media, and connected devices. Josh specializes in designing, building, and scaling consumer products, having been part of multiple companies that have grown to more than 100 million users. Before joining Greylock, Josh spent 15 years in product and engineering roles at leading companies in social, commerce, and media. Josh was the product lead for growth and relevance at Twitter, growing Twitter’s active user base by nearly 10x. Prior to Twitter, Josh worked on the platform at Facebook and led the launch of Facebook Connect. Josh was an early employee at LinkedIn and helped establish early models for user growth and launched v1 of LinkedIn Jobs. Josh also held roles leading product management for Zazzle, and product and engineering for RealJukebox and RealPlayer at RealNetworks. Josh currently serves on the boards of Medium, Meerkat, Operator, and Super. Josh also works closely with our investments in Nextdoor and Whosay. Josh led Greylock’s investment in SmartThings, which was acquired by Samsung in 2014. Josh holds a BS in Symbolic Systems with a focus on Human Computer Interaction from Stanford University. Deck Host: Justin Crawford Questions: Submit questions for Josh during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #brantina, #mozSS February 25, 2016: Building Product with Partners - Interview with April Underwood, Slack Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, February 25 @ Mozilla SF - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: Building Products with Partners: Interview with Slack's April Underwood Building products is complex. Building products with partners, considerably moreso. Varying resources, goals, strategies and cultures pose challenges. But partnering well on products is often worth the effort. This month April Underwood, head of all product & partnerships at Slack, will draw from her experiences at Google, Twitter, Travelocity and more to help us navigate the complexities of marrying products and partnerships. She'll be interviewed by our very own Bertrand Neveux, who has built products with partners for most of his career at and leading up to Mozilla. Speaker: April Underwood is head of Platform at Slack, a messaging platform that has evolved into a diverse ecosystem of partners. There, she drives key growth initiatives and oversees platform products, partnerships, API integrations and developer relations. She previously worked on products for Travelocity, Apple, Google, Climate Corp (Weatherbill). Just before joining Slack, April led teams of Product Managers as Director of Product on Twitter’s fast-growing Advertising (Ads API, ads.twitter.com) and Data (Firehose, Gnip) products. She was also a PM for the Tweet Button and Twitter API, and built Twitter's Business Development team from the ground up to strike strategic partnerships with firms including Google, Microsoft, Amazon, EA, Salesforce and Adobe. And while she used to write code (and sometimes writes term sheets as an angel investor), her first love is building and leading product teams and working with engineers and designers to build and launch great products that people want to use. Host: Bertrand Neveux Questions: Submit questions for April during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtags: #mozSS #brantina January 27, 2016: The Right Way to Build Software with Jocelyn Goldfein, ex-Facebook Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, January 27 @ Mozilla MV - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: The Right Way to Build Software: Ideals Over Ideology Add-ons. Advertising. Dogfooding. Email clients. Mozillians form strong opinions on all sides of these (and other) topics, often for legitimate reasons. We’re not alone. Leading software firms such as VMWare and Facebook also grapple with contentious technology and process issues, and Jocelyn Goldfein has firsthand experience of this. She's led engineering teams building software for both consumers and the enterprise; apps and the web; and for license fees and for free. These teams are like us: they debate how to best release software - and a host of other issues. Drawing from these experiences, Jocelyn will provide frameworks for how Mozilla can navigate these discussions effectively to drive better outcomes. Speaker: Jocelyn Goldfein has held senior engineering leadership roles spanning from high-growth companies like VMware and Facebook to small startups. She is a widely recognized industry spokesperson on scaling engineering operations, mobile engineering, and diversity in tech. Goldfein currently is an independent angel investor and advisor to startups. As Director of Engineering at Facebook she led Facebook’s push on mobile infrastructure and quality, initiating major new investments in architecture and tooling and helped guide Facebook’s transition to “mobile first.” She launched new product initiatives in search, news feed, and photos. She also drove strategic engineering operational initiatives, including overhauling Facebook’s approach to technical recruiting. More on Jocelyn at her website. Deck Host: Nick Nguyen Questions: Submit questions for Jocelyn during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #brantina December 3, 2015: Optimizing for Uncertainty with Mike Arauz, August Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, December 3 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: Optimizing for Uncertainty: Deciding and Moving Quickly The web is increasingly complex and dynamic. How can larger software organizations keep up with this rapid, perpetual change? In the natural realm, 'complex adaptive systems’ allow for flux and change in tumultuous environments. Our December speaker will draw on these models to illustrate how modern organizations can decide and move quickly. Mike will share how leading tech and product organizations are not simply adapting to increased change, but innovating and thriving in these dynamic environments by: operating around networks vs hierarchies distributing authority processing information effectively embracing structured and facilitated methods for collecting feedback and gaining consent on group action. Speaker: Mike Arauz is a Founding Member and Acting President at August, a New York based consulting firm that builds high-performing teams for the world’s most meaningful missions. Previously, Mike was a Partner at Undercurrent, where he worked with leaders of global companies to transform how their organizations work and thrive in the 21st century, including GE, Pearson, and The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Mike is also a co-author of the Responsive.org manifesto and a leading contributor to the global self-management and future of work movement. Deck Host: Jim Cook, CFO, Mozilla Recommended pre-watch: Mitchell’s 2nd Portland Keynote on Decisionmaking October 22, 2015: Data as Empathy with Frances Haugen, Yelp Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, October 22 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: Data As Empathy To build products people love, you must understand those people. User research and user-centered design help get us there, but once we have a sense of how our audiences think and behave, how can we go beyond the anecdotal to extrapolate to the macro? What ways can we better understand the needs of millions of users who think, act and operate differently than us? Our October speaker Frances Haugen will share from her product management and software engineering experiences with products used by millions of Google and Yelp customers. She'll help us understand how data - done 'right' - connects us to millions of users we don't know personally. And she'll outline what doing data right means for product development, and how product owners can build things their users love. Speaker: As both a Senior Product Manager, Software Engineer and Data Scientist for companies including Yelp and Google, Frances has worked at the intersection of data, design and humans throughout her career. An Electrical and Computer Engineering undergrad, Frances says she sees the world as comprised of hi and low cast filters. Host: Matt Grimes, User Advocacy Deck Questions: Submit questions for Frances during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. September 24, 2015: Should I Put it on Yammer? The Neuroscience of Online Communications with Deanna Zandt Location: Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, September 24 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: “Should I put it on Yammer?” How do you respond when people at Mozilla ask you this? Do you sigh, roll your eyes, let out a small resigned laugh? Most of us know that many seemingly-benign posts (this one now the stuff of legends) can sometimes devolve into a debate nobody expected, necessarily wanted or knows what to do with. Not always, but enough to cause some communications platforms to be feared by some and occasionally counterproductive. This outcome, of course, is not confined to Yammer, nor is the behavior confined to Mozilla. Our September Brantina speaker, Deanna Zandt, has generously volunteered to speak with us about the neuroscientific dynamics of online communications. She’ll provide a deeper understanding of how our brains work when we’re engaged in online discussions which can help us communicate better, make better decisions, be more productive, and ultimately engage with more people driving richer, more dynamic outcomes. Speaker: Deanna Zandt creates and implements web strategies supporting civic engagement and cultural agency, drawing off her background in linguistics, advertising, telecommunications and finance. She’s worked with The Ford Foundation, Deutsche Telekom, Planned Parenthood, and Jim Hightower’s Hightower Lowdown; and has also advised the White House on digital strategy and public engagement. Deanna has been a regular contributor to Forbes.com, as well as NPR’s flagship news program, “All Things Considered” and is a frequent guest on MSNBC, CNN International, BBC Radio and Fox News. Host: Doug Turner Deck Questions: Submit questions for Deanna during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. August 13, 2015: Build, Measure, Learn: Being a Growth Organization with Hiten Shah, KISSMetrics Location: San Francisco + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, August 13 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: Hiten Shah will share his ideas and experience with growth hacking, a scrappy marketing technique developed by technology startups, and how it specifically applies to Mozilla. Larger companies that embrace this approach (examples include Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Airbnb and Dropbox) use creativity, analytical thinking, and social metrics to gain product exposure and grow their market share quickly. Speaker: Hiten Shah is cofounder and president of analytics companies KISSmetrics and Crazy Egg; he also advises startups. Host: Jascha Kaykas-Wolff Deck Questions: Submit your questions for Hiten in advance here, or during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. July 23, 2015: Rapid Prototyping with Tom Chi, GoogleX Location: San Francisco + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, July 23 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Speaker: Tom Chi has worked in disciplines ranging from astrophysical research to Fortune 500 consulting to developing new hardware and software (web & client) products and services. He’s worked on large projects of global scale (Microsoft Outlook, Yahoo! Search), and scaled new projects from conception to significance (Yahoo! Answers from 0 to 90 million users). He also co-founded GoogleX, the semi-secret group responsible for cutting edge projects including the autonomous driving vehicles, contact lenses that monitor glucose through tears and balloons in the stratosphere that provide Internet access. Topic: Tom will talk about his approach to rapid prototyping using 'native' materials like paper and foam core to create and test experiences. Using this method, he has led teams to work more effectively and quickly, building state of the art (see above for examples) products as part of an ongoing innovation process. Host: Josh Carpenter Deck Workshop adapted from Tom's talk, from Mozilla Learning Network Questions: Submit your questions for Tom in advance here. May 21, 2015: Onboarding and Team Debt with Kate Heddleston Location: Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, May 21 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Speaker: Kate Heddleston, a software engineer in San Francisco, does a lot of speaking on the people-dimensions of software development and engineering management best practices. Her focus is on how software gets made, as well as on what it does. Topic: Kate shares her thoughts on the topic of onboarding new hires - what it takes to do that well, particularly in an engineering environment - and the 'team debt' that results when we do it poorly. Kate also shared some of the fairly immediate things individual teams can do to reduce the debt. Deck. Questions submitted to Kate in advance are here. Submitting a Speaker Idea We will give special consideration to speaker ideas submitted by Mozillians! Criteria for speakers is outlined above. Tell us how and why your speaker will appeal to a broad set of Mozillians here. Retrieved from "https://wiki.mozilla.org/index.php?title=Speaker_Series&oldid=1158035" Navigation menu Personal tools Log in Request account Namespaces Page Discussion Variants Views Read View source View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Product releases New pages Recent changes Recent uploads Popular pages Random page Help How to Contribute All-hands meeting Other meetings Contribute to Mozilla Mozilla Reps Student Ambassadors MozillaWiki News About Team Policies Releases @MozillaWiki Report a wiki bug Around Mozilla Mozilla Support Mozilla Developer Network Planet Mozilla Mozilla Blog Webmaker Research Tools What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link Page information Import an Etherpad Browse properties Privacy policy About MozillaWiki Mobile view
Reviews Appliances Electronics Gadgets Gaming Mobile Security Deals Gifts News Shop Reviews Audio Headphones Over the Ear Headphones Bluetooth Headphones Home Audio Home Theater Systems Home Theater Speakers Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Portable Speakers Wireless Speakers Appliances Kitchen Appliances Smart Home Automation Auto Tech Computers Computer Accessories Desktop Computers Laptop Computers Laptops for College Wireless Routers Electronics Digital Cameras Other Electronics Printers Televisions Video Cameras Gaming Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptops Gaming PCs Video Game Consoles Video Games Geek Toys Mobile Cell Phones Mobile App Reviews Tablets iPads Security Home Security Home Security Systems Home Security Cameras Personal Security Sports & Outdoors Vehicles Gadgets Gadgets for Men Kitchen Gadgets Coolest Gadgets Fitness Gadgets Services Satellite TV DISH DIRECTV vs DISH Gifts Star Wars Gifts Batman Gifts Gifts for Gamers Gifts for Geeks Software News Search on Gadget Review Gadget Review ▸ Reviews ▸ Electronic Reviews ▸ Computers ▸ Desktop Computers ▸ Gaming PC Reviews ▸ Best Gaming Computer Processor Gaming PCs Best Gaming Computer Processor Bobby Bernstein May 30, 2016 Shares Find the right gaming computer processor to match your needs. The most essential element of a custom PC build is buying the best gaming computer processor on the market today.  You know, the little piece of hardware that drives every application you’ll run, every game you’ll play, and everything else you can do on your PC. Moreover, building your own gaming PC is always the best route to go when you’re looking to get the best bang for your buck. Sure, you could go to some big box retailer, pick something off of the shelf, go home and play most games. But, the problem with doing that is that you’re spending a great deal more compared to if you were to build your own rig. So with that in mind, don’t spare too little expense on a best gaming computer processor. With computer hardware, it’s typically true that you get what you pay for. Here are Gadget Review’s top picks for the best gaming computer processors currently available. Best Gaming Computer Processor 2016 #1 Pick  Intel Core i7-6700K The Intel Core i7-6700K is the top-of-the-line option. Price: $344.99 | Speed: 4 GHz WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: Instant on technology, highest performing Intel i7 processor Intel’s 6th Generation Intel Core processors have finally arrived, and the Intel Core i7-6700K is the top-notch option for those who want to spare no expense. It offers blazing fast speeds and comes packed with useful features that will take your PC gaming to the next level. Not only will it play any high-end game you throw at it, it’ll also run any 3D game in the highest resolution available, offering better details and faster frame rates. In fact, Intel claims it’s 30X better 3D graphics than a five year old PC. What’s more, the card features Instant On technology that allows your PC to resume full functionality in under 0.5 seconds. It has 4 cores, and it supports up to 64GB of memory. The processor also has 8MB Intel Smart Cache. It runs quietly and it’s easily cooled, so you don’t have to worry about having a loud PC or frame rate drops. I’ll note that this processor can be overclocked easily to 4.5 GHz if you’ve got the proper power supply to do so, although Intel recommends going no higher than 4.2GHz. Still, it’s the best gaming Intel processor available, which is why three out of our five best gaming PCs 2016 use the i7-6700K. View on Amazon #2 Pick  AMD Octa-core FX 9590 Price: $228.76 | Speed: 4.7GHz WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: AMD’s most powerful card can be overclocked to a whopping 5.0GHz. The AMD Octa-core FX-9590 is AMD’s best option, so if you plan on building an AMD build — which I personally have, myself — you won’t find a better option than this. In fact, when I’m looking for the best gaming computer parts, I typically start with AMD because of their significant savings. Without any overclocking or tweaks, the FX-9590 pushes out an impressive 4.7 GHz, and it comes in at under $250 ($228 at the time of writing this). If there were an official measurement of cost/speed, the 9590 would be the best option. Most notably, you can push this card to 5.0GHz using AMD’s own tools, and you can likely take it a step further if you’re feeling risky (although, I have not personally tried). Unfortunately, AMD gets a bad wrap in the gaming computer, and is often looked down upon by elitists, so great AMD options often get overlooked. But, the FX-9590 is getting rave reviews, with many praising the speed you’re getting for the cost. It offers a full eight cores to deliver impressive performance by the most demanding games, allowing for those who seek ultra-high resolutions to achieve their goal with ease (and without breaking the bank). Note: AMD has a compatible list of motherboards that will work with this powerful gaming processor, and for now, it’s relatively short when compared to a high-end Intel card. Before purchasing, make sure you can get a motherboard that works with it (as you should always do when building your own rig). View on Amazon #3 Pick  Intel Core i5-6500 You won’t beat an i5-6500 for $200. Price: $199.99 | Speed: 3.20GHz WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: Best gaming CPU under $200. If you are planning to go the budget route, the Intel Core i5-6500 is the best gaming computer processor under $200 on the market. It runs cooler than the previous generation of i5 processors, and it consumes less power. Admittedly, you’re not gaining a major performance boost if you already own a previous generation i5 processor, but you don’t really need one (and there is a slight boost in power). It has a 3.2GHz processing speed out of the box, and it can be boosted to up to 3.6GHz safely, without worrying about damaging your PC. It has four cores, and it automatically allocates processor power to the applications that need it the most, making it incredibly efficient in its use of those four cores. It has a 6MB Intel Smart Cache. View on Amazon #4 Pick  AMD FX-8320 Black Edition Don’t let AMD’s past dictate your opinion; their 8 core processors are incredible, and much cheaper than Intel counterparts. Price: $131 | Speed: 3.5GHz WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: Best processor under $150. Can be overclocked to 4.0GHz, and you can buy it with a 256GB SSD for just $75 more. Need power and not too much cost? The AMD FX-8320 Black Edition is a great choice if you’re building an AMD-based build. It uses 125W of power, but it uses that power well. What makes it so appealing is its price. At under $150, it’s a price that any PC builder on a budget can swallow. It can handle running numerous apps at one time, and your multitasking could certainly use a powerful processor like this one. With a full eight cores (that’s right, eight cores for under $150), you can reach up to 4.0GHz safely (although, I’ve read reports of those overclocking to 4.2GHz without any issues). I will note that the stock cooling “solutions” that come with it aren’t really up to par, and you should probably pick up a better CPU cooler if you want this thing to run as best as possible. View on Amazon – $199 #5 Pick  Intel Core i7-4790 Price: $305 | Speed: 3.6GHz WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: A great i7 option that comes in at $40 cheaper than its successors. If you’re looking to save a buck or two on an Intel i7 CPU, your best option is the Intel Core i7-4790. Sure, you’re not getting all of the bells and whistles that the 6700K has, but you’re still getting a high-end gaming computer processor that can stand up to most everything you throw at it. You can’t overclock it, at least there aren’t any tools offered by Intel, themselves, to overclock it. So if you’re looking to really push your PC to the limits, you might want to consider the 6700K above. But if price is more important to you than squeezing out every last ounce of speed, the i7-4790 is a good choice. It’s compatible with Z87 and Z97 motherboards. View on Amazon – $305 Key Factors and Features to a Good Gaming Computer Processor Price: One of the most important factors to consider when buying a gaming computer processor are its price. For price, you’re going to want to consider what is included versus what isn’t included, whether you’re going to need a different cooling option or if the stock one works well enough.  To that end, if a processor has exceeded its typical refresh cycle, you might be best to wait as pricing will go down for that model or a new one will appear. Games You Plan to Play: If you plan to play games like Hearthstone or CS:Go or League of Legends, you’re definitely not going to need to purchase the top-notch, best-of-the-best gaming processor. Instead, you’re going to want to go for the budget option that might not be as fast, but it’ll still run those games at full speed. Conversely, if you plan to play Battlefield 1 on ultra settings when it comes out, or The Witcher 3 without sacrificing graphical fidelity, you’re going to want to purchase the absolute best. Motherboard Cost: When you buy a CPU, you also need to buy a motherboard that will allow you to use that specific CPU (and the newer the CPU, the harder the time you’ll have finding a motherboard to match it). More importantly, if you don’t already have a motherboard that will allow you to use the CPU you want, you’ll have to buy a motherboard with it. So even if the CPU you want is a great price, how much is a motherboard to go along with it? Mistakes to Avoid Avoiding AMD: Avoiding AMD would be a grave mistake. PC gamers tend to shy away from AMD based on its initial run of high-end processors, but they’ve come a long way over the past five years, and they’re now a much more formidable foe for Intel. Cheaping Out: Paying more now might save you in the long run. CPUs are a fast-evolving technology, and new processors are introduced every couple of years, at least. So if you buy a top-notch CPU right now, you won’t need to upgrade again for a few years. However, if you buy a middling CPU, you’re going to have to pay again to upgrade sooner. Which Gaming Processor is Right For You This list includes a fairly wide spectrum of prices. For some, it’ll come down to price per power. It all depends on what you have in your PC already, or if you’re building a fresh new build and will need to purchase other things to go along with it (like a better cooler, a completely new motherboard, etc). There are other factors to consider when looking to speed up your PC so that it will run the latest games, but you should always start with the processor and motherboard combination that best fits your budget and the types of games you intend to play. Tweet It Like It Google + Linkedin Pin it Stumble Bobby Bernstein Owner Nerdmuch, who believes the Back to the Future is the greatest trilogy ever made. Sponsored Content Related Posts The ROG CG6190: Asus’ Intel Core i7 Gaming Rig Best Gaming PC for 2017 – The Complete Guide Alienware’s Alpha Console Nudges PC Gamers to the Living Room Alienware X51 Gadgets At A Glance: HP Firebird PC 803 Dell XPS 600 Renegade goes for sale 1 Comment to Best Gaming Computer Processor Suriya on I Do Think Now and Always “The Best Sequal” Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Post Next Post → Follow us 21,115 Fans 13,499 Subscribers 11,061 Followers Recent Reviews Home Security Systems Best Home Security System: Top 5 of 2017 DSLR Cameras Best DSLR Camera 2017 Projectors 5 of the Best Home Theater Projectors for 2017 Bluetooth Speakers 10 of the Best Bluetooth Speakers 2017 Office Chair Best Office Chair 2017 – The No Bulls#*t Guide to Sitting Wireless Routers Best Wireless Router 2017 – The In Depth Buyer’s Guide Radar Detectors Best Radar Detector 2017: Long-Range Driver Protection Cell Phones Best Smartphone 2017 ChromeBook Review Best Chromebook of 2017 Gaming Laptops Best Gaming Laptop – The Beginner’s Guide to Portable Gaming Ultra HD 4K TVs Best 4K TV for 2017 Blenders Best Blenders 2017 Refrigerators What is a Counter-Depth Refrigerator? Smart Home Security Systems LiveWatch Home Security System Review Gaming PC Reviews Best Gaming Laptop 2017 Valve's Steam Link Streams Your PC Games on Your TV Best Gaming PC 2017 How to Build a Gaming Computer In Win H-Frame Aluminum Computer Case - Flux Capacitor Not Included 14 Steam Machines Are Here, but Which One is for You? (list/comparison) Alienware's Alpha Console Nudges PC Gamers to the Living Room Alienware X51 Battlefield 3 PC Case Mod Features Chain Gun and Drinks Fridge HP Pavilion HPE Phoenix H9 Gaming PC Review The ROG CG6190: Asus' Intel Core i7 Gaming Rig Gadgets At A Glance: HP Firebird PC 803 BFG Tech Unveils High End 'Phobos' Gaming Computers With 8-inch Touchscreen LCD Telson Multimedia PC Rocks 3D Screen and 3D Camera Alienware Area-51 750i: An Affordable High End Gaming Rig Gateway Intros Two New FX Gaming Rigs: The FX6800-01e & FX6800-05 Custom Computers for Serious Bank Dell XPS 600 Renegade goes for sale Gadgets At A Glance: Acer Predator GT7700 Desktop Gaming Computer Gadget Review is home to some of the best consumer reviews online on top gadgets ranging from the best gadgets to the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and top ten product comparisons. Do you want to make an educated buying decision and shop online with confidence? Geek Out with the latest desktop computers, best gaming laptops, best headphones and the latest gadget news and top product reviews online. Gadget Review is also, home to some of the best top consumer reviews online with top ten consumer product comparisons to the latest gadget news, to top gadgets ranging from the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and expert product reviews, as well as the best product daily deals and giveaways. Copyright © 2016 Gadget Review Your lifestyle gadget site. All Rights Reserved. ----- About Privacy Terms News Categories Contact HTML XML
Trending: Tips for new tech devices IDG Editors on tech trends for '17 Tech luminaries we lost in 2016 Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Tips on shooting great video with your drone Free tools for your cyber-security efforts 5 tips for succeeding with a virtual workforce More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Data Center Data Storage News Lenovo's ThinkPad T570 will have Intel's superfast Optane storage The laptop will be one of the first PCs to run Intel's mysterious Optane memory By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Dec 28, 2016 4:42 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Lenovo's ThinkPad T570 has Intel's Kaby Lake chip. Credit: Lenovo More like this Intel's silence on Optane SSDs raises questions about launch and focus Lenovo's popular ThinkPads speed up with Intel's Kaby Lake chips The top 10 PC technologies and trends to watch in 2017 Video SanDisk crams 200GB onto MicroSD Lenovo's ThinkPad T570 is a loaded laptop that boasts a range of whiz-bang technologies, but the ability to run Intel's secretive Optane memory stands out. When it ships in March, the T570 will be ready to run Intel's Optane, a new class of memory and storage that promises to be significantly faster than today's SSDs and DRAM. The T570 is the first laptop announced with support for Optane. Intel has not said when it will ship Optane memory, but the T570 has the hooks to support the technology. The T570 also can be configured with a 4K touch display, Nvidia's GeForce 940MX discrete graphics and up to 32GB of DRAM. The laptop is targeted at business users, but it could be a dream machine for enthusiasts. The 15.6-inch laptop will be available starting at $909 in March. It will have Intel's latest 7th Generation Core chips, code-named Kaby Lake. Intel will sell Optane -- which is based on technology called 3D Xpoint -- in the form of SSDs and DRAM modules. Intel has shown Optane SSDs running 10 times faster than conventional SSDs. But Optane isn't yet ready for prime time, as indicated by a closer look into the specification sheet for the T570 provided by Lenovo. It will serve mainly as secondary storage and for caching in the laptop. The Optane PCIe M.2 2242-S3 memory, which will be optional in the T570, will have a capacity of just 16GB. It will not act as primary storage, but as temporary storage to speed up applications and games. Windows 10 PCs with Optane could boot up at lightning-fast speeds. In a way, the early Optane memory could reflect the way SSDs, which are faster than hard drives, were first used for caching in laptops. The SSDs had low storage capacity, and served as temporary storage to speed up PC boot and application load times.  Optane could be useful in gaming, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said last year. Parts of games can be preloaded on Optane, and that could provide for a much faster gaming experience. The T570 can also be configured with a 2TB hard-drive or 1TB SSD storage. The ThinkPad T570 will weigh about 2.04 kilograms. It will have Thunderbolt 3 and HDMI ports, in addition to two USB 3.0 slots. It will have 802.11ac Wi-Fi, and can be configured with Qualcomm's Snapdragon LTE modem. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Data Storage Windows PCs Review: Microsoft Teams tries to do Slack one better Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Hewlett Packard Enterprise The future of fast: composable infrastructure Popular Resources Huddle Spaces: The New Look for Corporate Workspaces Solving the Storage Dilemma for High-Performance Applications Amazon Web Services Provides Guidance on How to Take Control of Your Cloud-Based Infrastructure and Applications Case Study: How ILG Paints a Picture-Perfect View of Member Experience Customer focused Capture & Case Management in the Cloud Go Top Stories Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' President-elect Donald Trump weighed in on IT security at a New Year's Eve party, suggesting that the... Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Considering a data warehouse system? Download this free report for side-by-side comparisons of rival... Making gas stations safe for fraudsters again With soaring online fraud, Mastercard and Visa have done what they can to boost in-store crime. They... 2016: The tech year in cartoons From Microsoft’s push to get users to upgrade to Windows 10 — whether they wanted to or not — to the... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
South Korea fines Qualcomm $854 million for violating competition laws | Reuters - Firstpost DidYouKnow Newsroom diaries 2016: How we covered the year's big stories Firstpost. Tuesday, January 3, 2017 |Latest E-book|Switch to हिन्दी DidYouKnow All you need to know about the new Rs 500 notes Front Page Politics BCCI vs Lodha panel: AAP welcomes Supreme Court verdict of removing Anurag Thakur BJP moves poll panel, says Asaduddin Owaisi's budget remark 'inflammatory' Madras HC 'closes' suit filed by Sasikala Pushpa against appointment of Sasikala Natarajan as AIADMK chief Pari'war' in Samajwadi Party: Mulayam reaches EC as opposing camps spar over 'cycle' symbol UP Election 2017: Narendra Modi in Lucknow does an Indira to highlight his standing Rose Valley chit fund scam: BJP's Babul Supriyo to file defamation case against TMC's Tapas Pal Sports Premier League: Sunderland's Jermain Defoe punishes Liverpool, Manchester City bounce back PBL 2017: Awadhe Warriors overcome Saina Nehwal's loss to Carolina Marin to crush Hyderabad Hunters Vijay Goel refuses to comment on BCCI president Anurag Thakur's removal by SC Chennai Open 2017: Hyeon Chung upsets Borna Coric, newcomer Daniil Medvedev advances South Africa vs Sri Lanka: Dean Elgar, Quinton de Kock lead Proteas' fightback on day one Pro Wrestling League 2017: Haryana Hammers kick start campaign with win over Mumbai Maharathis India Court allows use of 'secondary evidence' in Malegaon blasts trial Narendra Modi to inaugurate Indian Science Congress in Tirupati on Tuesday Service charges waiver is not enough; it should not be billed in the first place at all GST council to meet officials from 6 key sectors today SBI hopes rate cuts will help boost sagging loan market Supremem Court holds repromulgation of ordinance "impermissible", terms it "fraud" on the Constitution World Maintain 'zero tolerance' for child abuse: Pope Francis exhorts Catholic bishops Around 60 killed as drug gangs clash in Brazil prison massacre | Reuters Israeli police question Netanyahu over alleged gifts - media | Reuters Islamic State kills 24 with Baghdad car bomb, briefly cuts road to Mosul | Reuters Syrian suspected of planning truck attack in Germany arrested - prosecutors | Reuters 60 killed in Brazil prison as fighting breaks out between rival gangs Business Service charges waiver is not enough; it should not be billed in the first place at all GST council to meet officials from 6 key sectors today Infosys Vishal Sikka warns staff: Road ahead not easy; tech disruption bigger than Trump, note ban SBI hopes rate cuts will help boost sagging loan market Decision to make service charge optional will affect 8.5 million associated with food service industry: NRAI ICICI Bank joins SBI, others with 0.7% cut in lending rates Life Watch: These three Mumbai schoolkids want to 'recruit' Barack Obama to be their teacher Gwalior Fort: In this 360 degree video, we take you on a walk through this magnificent monument Insight 2017: After hate and bigotry got a shot in the arm in 2016; here’s how to have a better year Insight 2017: The rise of spoken-word poetry should continue for good Insight 2017: This year, will we look rather than just see? Insight 2017: Make this a year of awkward silences Entertainment Kareena Kapoor’s income tax account hacker arrested by Mumbai cops; accused wanted her number Autohead review: Paranoia, violence and memorable performances make for great mockumentary Bairaava, VIP 2, Mariyappan: First day of 2017 saw many Tamil film trailers, posters and songs Koffee with Karan Season 5: Will Siddharth, Jacqueline be as candid as Shahid, Mira? Dick Clark Productions rejects Mariah Carey's sabotage claim as 'absurd' George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz blames hacker for suicide tweets Photos Videos Year Ender Tech2 Faking News हिंदी You are here: Latest News › Fwire News South Korea fines Qualcomm $854 million for violating competition laws | Reuters Dec 28, 2016 23:00 IST By Reuters By Se Young Lee and Stephen Nellis | SEJONG, South Korea/SAN FRANCISCO SEJONG, South Korea/SAN FRANCISCO South Korea's antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm Inc (QCOM.O) 1.03 trillion won ($854 million) for what it called unfair business practices in patent licensing and modem chip sales, a decision the U.S. chipmaker said it will challenge in court.The fine, the largest ever levied in South Korea, marks the latest antitrust setback for Qualcomm's most profitable business of licensing wireless patents to the mobile industry, at a time when the business is facing headwinds from a cooling smartphone market. The Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) ruled on Wednesday Qualcomm abused its dominant market position and forced handset makers to pay royalties for an unnecessarily broad set of patents as part of sales of its modem chips. Qualcomm also restricted competition by refusing or limiting licensing of its standard essential patents related to modem chips to rival chipmakers such as Intel Corp (INTC.O), Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (005930.KS) and MediaTek Inc (2454.TW), the regulator said, hindering their sales and leaving their products vulnerable to lawsuits.The regulator ordered Qualcomm to negotiate in good faith with rival chipmakers on patent licensing and renegotiate chip supply agreements with handset makers if requested - measures that would affect the U.S. firm's dealings with major tech companies including Apple Inc (AAPL.O), Intel, Samsung and Huawei Technologies Co Ltd [HWT.UL] if upheld.The KFTC said it began its investigations into Qualcomm's practices in 2014 following complaints from industry participants, but did not name specific companies.Foreign companies including Apple, Intel, MediaTek and Huawei expressed their views during the regulator's deliberation process, KFTC Secretary General Shin Young-son told a media briefing in the country's administrative capital. "We investigated and decided on these actions because Qualcomm's actions limit overall competition," Shin said, adding that the ruling was not about protecting domestic companies such as Samsung and LG Electronics Inc (066570.KS) but about improving market competition for all players.Qualcomm said it will file for an immediate stay of the corrective order and appeal the decision to the Seoul High Court. The firm will also appeal the amount of the fine and the method used to calculate it. "Qualcomm strongly disagrees with the KFTC’s announced decision," it said in a statement.The decision in Seoul could mean lower costs for mobile phone makers and others in the tech supply chain who source Qualcomm chips, said a Taiwanese industry executive, declining to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter. IN REGULATORY CROSSHAIRS The fine is the latest in a series of antitrust rulings and investigations faced by Qualcomm from regulators across the globe. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. Stacy Rasgon, an analyst with AB Bernstein, said the fine itself was large but also said the KFTC's orders for Qualcomm to alter its business practices have bigger future implications for the chipmaker. A major challenge for Qualcomm, he said, would emerge if the ruling forces the company to license patents for some of its chips to rivals such as Intel, which has been competing hard to land its modem chips in mobile phones."How can they force you to license to a competitor? That's what I never understood. I guarantee Qualcomm won’t want to do that," he said, adding that the dispute could take years to play out in South Korean courts. The KFTC fined Qualcomm 273 billion won in 2009 for abusing its dominant position in CDMA modem chips, which were then used in handsets made by Samsung and LG. Regulators in other jurisdictions, including the United States and Taiwan, are also investigating Qualcomm. The KFTC move could serve as a benchmark for some of them."Korea’s decision will serve as an important reference point for us,” Chiu Yung-ho, vice chairman and spokesman for Taiwan’s Fair Trade Commission, told Reuters. He gave no timeline on when Taiwan’s own year-long investigation would be concluded. (Reporting by Se Young Lee; Additional reporting by Hyunjoo Jin in SEOUL, J.R. Wu in TAIPEI and Stephen Nellis in SAN FRANCISCO; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. First Published On : Dec 28, 2016 23:00 IST Related News Around 60 killed as drug gangs clash in Brazil prison massacre | Reuters Israeli police question Netanyahu over alleged gifts - media | Reuters Islamic State kills 24 with Baghdad car bomb, briefly cuts road to Mosul | Reuters Syrian suspected of planning truck attack in Germany arrested - prosecutors | Reuters Comment using Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.Show Comments LIVE South Africa Vs Sri Lanka Live Score SA vs SL | Jan 2nd, 2017 Live Coverage SA 297 6 90.0 RUNS WKTS OVERS LIVE Australia Vs Pakistan Live Score AUS vs PAK | Jan 3rd, 2017 Live Coverage AUS 156 1 33.5 RUNS WKTS OVERS Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Pakistan in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016/17 AUS Vs PAK Live Now Sri Lanka in South Africa, 3 Test Series, 2016/17 SA Vs SL Live Now Bangladesh in New Zealand, 3 ODI Series, 2016 NZ Vs BAN New Zealand beat Bangladesh by 8 wickets Bangladesh in New Zealand, 3 ODI Series, 2016 NZ Vs BAN New Zealand beat Bangladesh by 67 runs Bangladesh in New Zealand, 3 ODI Series, 2016 NZ Vs BAN New Zealand beat Bangladesh by 77 runs Pakistan in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016/17 AUS Vs PAK Australia beat Pakistan by an innings and 18 runs Afghanistan in United Arab Emirates, 3 T20 International Series, 2016 UAE Vs AFG Afghanistan beat United Arab Emirates by 44 runs Afghanistan in United Arab Emirates, 3 T20 International Series, 2016 UAE Vs AFG Afghanistan beat United Arab Emirates by 5 wickets England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG India beat England by an innings and 75 runs Pakistan in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016/17 AUS Vs PAK Australia beat Pakistan by 39 runs Bangladesh in New Zealand, 3 T20I Series, 2017 NZ vs BAN - Jan 3rd, 2017, 11:30 AM IST Bangladesh in New Zealand, 3 T20I Series, 2017 NZ vs BAN - Jan 6th, 2017, 07:30 AM IST Bangladesh in New Zealand, 3 T20I Series, 2017 NZ vs BAN - Jan 8th, 2017, 07:30 AM IST Bangladesh in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2017 NZ vs BAN - Jan 12th, 2017, 03:30 AM IST Sri Lanka in South Africa, 3 Test Series, 2016/17 SA vs SL - Jan 12th, 2017, 01:30 PM IST Pakistan in Australia, 5 ODI Series, 2017 AUS vs PAK - Jan 13th, 2017, 08:50 AM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 HK vs SCO - Jan 14th, 2017, 03:30 PM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 AFG vs IRE - Jan 14th, 2017, 08:30 PM IST Pakistan in Australia, 5 ODI Series, 2017 AUS vs PAK - Jan 15th, 2017, 08:50 AM IST England in India, 3 ODI Series, 2016/17 IND vs ENG - Jan 15th, 2017, 01:30 PM IST MORE STORIES FROM Reuters Around 60 killed as drug gangs clash in Brazil prison massacre | Reuters Israeli police question Netanyahu over alleged gifts - media | Reuters Islamic State kills 24 with Baghdad car bomb, briefly cuts road to Mosul | Reuters European shares hit highs as PMI data comes as New Year's gift | Reuters Syrian suspected of planning truck attack in Germany arrested - prosecutors | Reuters View more site index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्टAbout FirstpostNewsletterRSSTwitterFacebook Verticals Front PageIndiaPoliticsWorldBusinessLifeBollywoodSportsTech Plus New DelhiMumbaiPhotosFP ExclusivesCartoonsVideo RoomeBooksBudget 2014Weather Others Sample Papers OnlineBusiness Technology NewsMTV IndiaOnline Shopping in IndiaThink IndiaISL 2016Worksheet for Kids Tools RSS Feeds AppsiOSAndroidWindows Copyright © 2016 Firstpost - All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookLog In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop PC World > News > Lenovo's popular ThinkPads speed up with Intel's K... Lenovo's popular ThinkPads speed up with Intel's Kaby Lake chips Lenovo introduces ThinkPad Yoga 370, upgrades workhorse T-series, L-series and X-series laptops to Intel's Kaby Lake chips Agam Shah (IDG News Service) on 28 December, 2016 16:25 0 - - - - print email Lenovo is starting its CES party a bit early, announcing new and upgraded ThinkPad laptops and a 2-in-1 with Intel's new Kaby Lake chips and a slew of new features. The new ThinkPads are getting better screens, faster DDR4 memory and more storage capacity. Features like USB-C ports, optional LTE connectivity, precision touchpads and optional infrared cameras for Windows Hello are being offered across the ThinkPad X, L and T series. Lenovo also introduced the ThinkPad Yoga 370 2-in-1, which is the first model in the brand with a 13.3-inch HD screen and a Thunderbolt 3 port. The upgraded products are mainly workhorse ThinkPads, but Lenovo is also expected to separately announce flashier laptops and 2-in-1s at CES. Lenovo doesn't mess around with the design of mainstream ThinkPads, which have a strong following, but you can expect thinner and lighter laptops with longer battery life. The ThinkPad Yoga 370, which weighs 1.37 kilograms, will be available starting at $1,264 in March. The device turns into a tablet when you rotate the screen 360 degrees. It will include up to 1TB of SSD storage and 16GB of DDR4 RAM. In addition to Thunderbolt 3, it has two USB 3.0 ports, a MicroSD slot and an HDMI port. A cheaper option with a 13.3-inch screen is the ThinkPad 13, which comes with an HD screen and NVMe SSD storage. It will be available this month starting at $674. One upgrade in the popular X200 series is the ThinkPad X270, which has a 12.5-inch screen, and the same look and feel as its X260 predecessor, which has Skylake. The laptop has up to 16GB of DDR4 memory and up to 1TB of SSD or 2GB of hard-drive storage. It also has USB-C, HDMI, two USB 3.0, SD card and a SIM slot. It will be available in March starting at $909 with a 1366 x 768 pixel non-touch screen. The powerful ThinkPad T-series, which is a favorite among business buyers, stands out for its sleeker look. The screens have thinner borders and the laptops are smaller and lighter as a result.  The ThinkPad T470 (starting at $914, available in February) is available with or without an HD screen, while the T470p (starting at $1,049, available in March) and T470s (starting at $1,099, available in February) are available with screen resolutions up to 2560 x 1440 pixels. The laptops have a wide range of storage and memory options, but only the T470 has a Thunderbolt 3 port. For those who don't want integrated graphics, the T470p can be configured with Nvidia's N16S-GTR discrete graphics card, which is mainly designed for laptop workstations.. Lenovo's ThinkPad T570 is the most loaded laptop of the bunch, and can be configured with a 4K 15.6-inch touch display, Intel's superfast Optane memory, Nvidia's GeForce 940MX discrete graphics and up to 32GB of DRAM. It will be available in March starting at $909. It will weigh 2.04 kilograms, and can also be configured with a Snapdragon LTE modem. It will also include an HDMI slot, three USB 3.0 ports and one Thunderbolt 3 connector. Competition: Win a Crucial® MX300 Solid State Drive valued at $399.95 More from Crucial Memory Join the PC World newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags CES 2017 Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Agam Shah IDG News Service Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Cool Tech Nighthawk X10 Learn more > GS63VR Stealth Pro Learn more > Crucial Ballistix Elite 32GB Kit (4 x 8GB) DDR4-3000 UDIMM Learn more > Garmin fenix Chronos Learn more > 360Fly 4K Camera Learn more > Gadgets & Things Crucial® MX300 Solid State Drive Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1000x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards Learn more > Google Daydream View Learn more > Ehang 184 Learn more > Arlo Smart Home Security Cameras Learn more > Family Friendly Orbi WiFi System Learn more > Parrot Mambo Drone Learn more > Google Pixel XL Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > VR ONE 6RE-013AU Learn more > Stocking Stuffer Plox Star Wars Death Star Levitating Bluetooth Speaker Learn more > Brother PocketJet Printer Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20i flash drive  Learn more > 3SIXT HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Clamcase for iPad Pro 9.7-inch Learn more > Christmas Gift Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Finally! LG OLED TV 2016 range review 2 ​Huawei Nova Plus smartphone review 3 ​Google Daydream View VR full, in-depth review 4 ​Google Pixel XL full, in-depth smartphone review: Phones just got smarter 5 Apple iPhone 7 Plus review: including Portrait Mode Latest News Articles ​A changing climate creates opportunities for IT Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 New AMD Radeon website counts down to Vega graphics card architecture preview Jack Dorsey asks users how to improve Twitter Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Simon Harriott STYLISTIC Q702 My first impression after unboxing the Q702 is that it is a nice looking unit. Styling is somewhat minimalist but very effective. The tablet part, once detached, has a nice weight, and no buttons or switches are located in awkward or intrusive positions. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content Connected Toys Can Breach Security The top 10 best and worst tech gadgets and products of 2016 TV of the year award 2016 What's the difference between an Intel Core i3, i5 and i7? Laser vs. inkjet printers: which is better? Latest Jobs Latest Jobs TPBusiness AnalystQLD CCTechnical Service Provider ManagerVIC FTiOS DeveloperNSW FTTechnical Support EngineerACT CCSenior Performance Test AnalystVIC TPBusiness AnalystQLD CCApplication Specialist (Cerner) - Brisbane BasedNSW FTNode.js/API DeveloperNSW CCSystems EngineerACT FTMicrosoft Dynamics AX Finance ConsultantVIC CCSenior Performance Test AnalystSA CCSenior System EngineerNSW CCDB2 Database AdministratorACT TPSenior Systems AnalystVIC CCBenefits ManagerNSW FTBusiness Development ManagerVIC FTBusiness Development ManagerQLD FTChief Architect - Public SectorACT CCUnix Developers - multipleACT FTApplications Sales ExecutiveWA CCSenior Infrastructure ArchitectVIC FTAvailability and ITSC CoordinatorACT CCProgram Support OfficerNSW FTJunior-Mid Level Implementation CoordinatorQLD CCSAP Technical LeadACT Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point computerworld.com.au Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? arnnet.com.au Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Username Password Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Computing New leaked benchmarks show AMD’s Ryzen going toe-to-toe with Intel’s Core i7 New leaked benchmarks show AMD’s Ryzen going toe-to-toe with Intel’s Core i7 By Joel Hruska on December 27, 2016 at 2:24 pm Comment There’s a new leaked benchmark for AMD’s Ryzen (née Zen), and it shows a CPU core that’s capable of slugging it out with the upper-end of Intel’s product line in a way that no AMD chip has in nearly five years. This is the closest we’ve come to third-party metrics for how Zen will perform — past leaks have either focused on single tests like Ashes of the Singularity or have been official, carefully controlled demos of the chip by AMD itself. This data comes from French tech magazine Canard PC, which managed to test an engineering sample CPU with a base clock of 3.15GHz and a boost clock of 3.3GHz. That’s below the 3.4GHz base clock that AMD has promised for top-end Ryzen cores, so if we assume a modest boost clock of 3.6GHz it means final test results should be somewhat higher than what we see below. Since the text is in French, we asked our (non-native) French speaker Jessica Hall to help with the translation, with one paragraph for each result. The first graph is based on 3D rendering and video encoding performance in a number of applications. The ES Ryzen chip with all eight cores active wins past Intel’s six-core Core i7-6800K and is bested only by the eight-core Core i7-6900K, with its much higher boost clock of 3.7GHz. The French reads: Performance – brute/front-facing/dumb calculations. [this is a straight-up number crunching test]. With its eight true cores, Zen achieves prowess despite its limited frequency [“clock speed?”] of 3.3gHz. It’s getting dangerously close – for intel – to the Core i7 6900K by offering performances comparable to the Core i7 5960X at the same frequency. AMD’s story from a few months ago seems to be well verified in practice, and this is excellent news. Compared to the FX-8370, there’s a performance gain of about 35% at the same frequency, which is also in line with the manufacturer’s forecasts. Next up, we’ve got an overview of game performance, as calculated using Far Cry 4, Grid: Autosport, BF4, Arma III, X3: TC, The Witcher 3, and Anno 2070. Game performance isn’t literally a single-thread test anymore — most games can take advantage of four or so cores — but only a handful of titles can reliably benefit from more than that. This is particularly true where Intel chips are concerned, since Intel CPUs have offered vastly better single-thread performance than their AMD counterparts. Of the two sets of benchmarks, this is going to be less friendly to AMD than its counterpart above. The French translation is: “If the results seem much more disappointing across the average of video games tested, keep in mind that the prototype tested was an 8-core with a fairly low frequency (particularly in Turbo mode). However, the games remain very sensitive to frequency and still struggle to exploit more than four cores. Difficult in these conditions to compare it with a core i7 whose frequency exceeds 4GHz. Still, the Zen architecture shows an efficiency that we have not seen in AMD for a long time.” Closing to within 3% of the Core i5-6500K is a significant achievement for Ryzen, since we expect clock speeds to be at least modestly higher on shipping hardware. It’s also a vast improvement over previous generation cores based on Excavator or Piledriver. For the first time, if these leaks are accurate, AMD can credibly say it’s offering some competition to Intel in gaming. Finally, there’s power consumption. The text states: “The power consumption measurement of the Zen CPU was taken from the amperemeter[multimeter? voltmeter/ammeter?] clamp on the ATX 12V connector at full load. Although it is less accurate than the oscilloscope we usually use, it gives a good idea of the performance of the 14nm LPP process of Global Foundries. After removing the VRM losses from the motherboard, it can be estimated that the CPU consumes just under 90W, a value very close to that of a 6900K. Auspicious results for the future.” Again, very strong results here from AMD. Ryzen at 93W is significantly below the FX-8370, yet much faster than that core. In absolute terms, Intel’s performance-per-watt is likely higher, though this will need to be checked benchmark-by-benchmark. What’s changed is that AMD can, once again, credibly claim to be offering competitive performance. It’s a huge leap forward for the smaller CPU firm. As always, these test results should be taken with a grain of salt. They aren’t official, they aren’t run on final hardware, and they can’t be verified at this point. But, importantly, these test results do generally match what I’ve personally been expecting Zen would offer. It’s never been reasonable to think AMD would, in one fell swoop, leap from farther behind Intel than it ever was during the Bad Old Days when the P4 was cleaning the Athlon XP’s clock. What AMD needs Zen / Ryzen to do is prove that it can build a chip that’s competitive with Intel, at solid price points, with a core it can scale and improve over the next few years. If these benchmarks are accurate, with a little more oomph from clock speed and a little adjustment for the whims of any specific single test, it’s done that overall. Tagged In intel amd cpu Zen bulldozer core i7 Piledriver excavator fx Phenom Ryzen Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Why iPhone production isn’t coming to the United States Dec 30 Five reasons you should buy a car right now Dec 30 ET deals: Dell Inspiron 15 5000 15.6-inch laptop for $549 Dec 30 The year in space: Supernovas, gravitational waves, theoretical planets, and Hammer pants Dec 30 FBI, DHS release report on Russian hacking as administration-ordered sanctions take effect Dec 30 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Computing Apple now investigating Consumer Reports MacBook Pro battery life results Apple now investigating Consumer Reports MacBook Pro battery life results By Joel Hruska on December 27, 2016 at 9:52 am Comment Apple has announced, via Twitter, that it’s working with Consumer Reports to nail down what happened to its MacBook and MacBook Pro hardware. The announcement came from Phil Schiller, who reports the company is “Working with CR to understand their battery tests. Results do not match our extensive lab tests or field data.” There’s a great deal of smoke around this issue (everyone being off for the holidays probably hasn’t helped), but not much in the way of new data just yet. What we know is that some Apple buyers have reported abnormally low battery life ever since the new MacBooks launched. At first, these issues seemed like they might be limited to the 15-inch MacBook Pros, which use AMD discrete GPUs, but later testing has shown this is not the case. Consumer Reports is not the only publication to report that Apple’s battery life: 9to5 Mac reported relatively low figures for their own tests (6-8 hours). There are several intersecting issues that, I think, are collectively feeding the issue here. First, there’s the fact that Apple’s battery life estimates are typically extremely good. No manufacturer is 100% accurate, because use models change so much between people, but Apple has a reputation for delivering most of what it promises. For Apple systems to be dropping so dramatically (and even 8 hours when Apple says 10 hours isn’t good), it implies that something else is going on here. Second, there’s the sheer erratic nature of Consumer Reports’ results. If Apple or Dell says that a laptop should get 10 hours of battery life and you regularly get 6, it implies that the company’s battery estimate methodology is poor. If your laptop lasts two hours in one test and 9 hours the next, all while you’re performing exactly the same amount of work, it implies something altogether different. Third, there’s the fact that modern power management has gotten exceedingly complex. Some of you likely remember when Intel’s SpeedStep technology debuted. The idea of a CPU that could self-adjust its clock in response to workloads and the need to conserve battery life was a huge boost for laptop manufacturers and consumers. Over time, power management technology has advanced considerably; AMD’s implementation of Adaptive Voltage and Frequency Scaling (AVFS) system uses hundreds of sensors embedded around the SoC to gather real-time information about the SoC’s temperature and power states, and adjusts the chip accordingly. Intel hasn’t adopted AVFS for its own chips, but it has added new technologies like SpeedShift to allow its CPUs to move in and out of idle states more quickly and to adjust clock speed dynamically. But all of these changes and technologies come with their own complexities. Some are entirely transparent to the operating system, while others require explicit OS support. Fourth, as CPU improvements have largely stalled, software, not process node improvements, is increasingly responsible for power savings. This, in turn, makes it more likely that software can screw up. If Intel releases a new CPU that uses 30% less power than the previous generation, that gain should show up in every test case. Now, imagine that Intel uses a combination of better codec offload, GPU processing, and more aggressive CPU frequency scaling to cut power consumption. Suddenly, gains that were previously due to improvements to underlying technology are highly dependent on what the end-user is doing. If you compare battery life in video decode scenarios, the results may look great. Switch to a CPU-centric workload that doesn’t give the chip any time to drop into a lower power-state, and they suddenly show no improvement at all. In fact, the newer CPU may use even more power than the old one if it has a higher max clock. There are a number of odd things about the Consumer Reports’ results. The variation is extremely strange. The fact that Chrome is reported as returning much better results than Safari is strange. It’s possible that this issue is related to an extremely specific bug or errata that causes a problem in Safari that results in the CPU sometimes not dropping into sleep states properly, or pegs GPU usage where it shouldn’t, or that some particular issue related to GPU acceleration in web pages is causing problems. Apple’s decision to remove the “Time Remaining” metric from its laptops could be evidence that the company knows it has a problem and wants to reduce consumer complaints while it deals with it — or it could be completely unrelated. Right now, it’s all a bit of a muddle and rather unclear. Tagged In apple ios os x macbook pro battery life safari battery MacOS MBP Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Why iPhone production isn’t coming to the United States Dec 30 Five reasons you should buy a car right now Dec 30 ET deals: Dell Inspiron 15 5000 15.6-inch laptop for $549 Dec 30 The year in space: Supernovas, gravitational waves, theoretical planets, and Hammer pants Dec 30 FBI, DHS release report on Russian hacking as administration-ordered sanctions take effect Dec 30 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookLog In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop PC World > News > Lenovo's ThinkPad T570 will have Intel's superfast... Lenovo's ThinkPad T570 will have Intel's superfast Optane storage The laptop will be one of the first PCs to run Intel's mysterious Optane memory Agam Shah (IDG News Service) on 28 December, 2016 16:01 0 - - - - print email Lenovo's ThinkPad T570 is a loaded laptop that boasts a range of whiz-bang technologies, but the ability to run Intel's secretive Optane memory stands out. When it ships in March, the T570 will be ready to run Intel's Optane, a new class of memory and storage that promises to be significantly faster than today's SSDs and DRAM. The T570 is the first laptop announced with support for Optane. Intel has not said when it will ship Optane memory, but the T570 has the hooks to support the technology. The T570 also can be configured with a 4K touch display, Nvidia's GeForce 940MX discrete graphics and up to 32GB of DRAM. The laptop is targeted at business users, but it could be a dream machine for enthusiasts. The 15.6-inch laptop will be available starting at $909 in March. It will have Intel's latest 7th Generation Core chips, code-named Kaby Lake. Intel will sell Optane -- which is based on technology called 3D Xpoint -- in the form of SSDs and DRAM modules. Intel has shown Optane SSDs running 10 times faster than conventional SSDs. But Optane isn't yet ready for prime time, as indicated by a closer look into the specification sheet for the T570 provided by Lenovo. It will serve mainly as secondary storage and for caching in the laptop. The Optane PCIe M.2 2242-S3 memory, which will be optional in the T570, will have a capacity of just 16GB, and it act as primary storage, but as temporary storage to speed up applications and games. Windows 10 PCs with Optane could boot up at lightning-fast speeds. In a way, the early Optane memory could reflect the way SSDs, which are faster than hard drives, were first used for caching in laptops. The SSDs had low storage capacity, and served as temporary storage to speed up PC boot and application load times.  Optane could be useful in gaming, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said last year. Parts of  games can be preloaded on Optane, and that could provide for a much faster gaming experience. The T570 can also be configured with a 2TB hard-drive or 1TB SSD storage. The ThinkPad T570 will weigh about 2.04 kilograms. It will have Thunderbolt 3 and HDMI ports, in addition to two USB 3.0 slots. It will have 802.11ac Wi-Fi, and can be configured with Qualcomm's Snapdragon LTE modem. Competition: Win a Crucial Ballistix Elite 32GB Kit (4 x 8GB) DDR4-3000 UDIMM valued at $399.95 More from Ballistix Join the PC World newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags CES 2017 Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Agam Shah IDG News Service Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Cool Tech Crucial Ballistix Elite 32GB Kit (4 x 8GB) DDR4-3000 UDIMM Learn more > 360Fly 4K Camera Learn more > GS63VR Stealth Pro Learn more > Garmin fenix Chronos Learn more > Nighthawk X10 Learn more > Gadgets & Things Crucial® MX300 Solid State Drive Learn more > Arlo Smart Home Security Cameras Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1000x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards Learn more > Google Daydream View Learn more > Ehang 184 Learn more > Family Friendly Orbi WiFi System Learn more > Parrot Mambo Drone Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Google Pixel XL Learn more > VR ONE 6RE-013AU Learn more > Stocking Stuffer Plox Star Wars Death Star Levitating Bluetooth Speaker Learn more > Clamcase for iPad Pro 9.7-inch Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20i flash drive  Learn more > Brother PocketJet Printer Learn more > 3SIXT HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Christmas Gift Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Finally! LG OLED TV 2016 range review 2 ​Huawei Nova Plus smartphone review 3 ​Google Daydream View VR full, in-depth review 4 ​Google Pixel XL full, in-depth smartphone review: Phones just got smarter 5 Apple iPhone 7 Plus review: including Portrait Mode Latest News Articles ​A changing climate creates opportunities for IT Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 New AMD Radeon website counts down to Vega graphics card architecture preview Jack Dorsey asks users how to improve Twitter Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Simon Harriott STYLISTIC Q702 My first impression after unboxing the Q702 is that it is a nice looking unit. Styling is somewhat minimalist but very effective. The tablet part, once detached, has a nice weight, and no buttons or switches are located in awkward or intrusive positions. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content Connected Toys Can Breach Security The top 10 best and worst tech gadgets and products of 2016 TV of the year award 2016 What's the difference between an Intel Core i3, i5 and i7? Laser vs. inkjet printers: which is better? Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTChief Architect - Public SectorACT CCSenior Software Engineer/ArchitectVIC FTTechnical Consultant MS Dynamics AXNSW FTBusiness Development ManagerQLD FTAccount Delivery LeadNSW CCSenior Business AnalystVIC CCFIS Connex Developer (Brisbane Based)VIC FTMicrosoft Dynamics AX Finance ConsultantWA CCSenior Application Specialist (Cerner)QLD FTJunior-Mid Level Implementation CoordinatorQLD FTJava DeveloperNSW CCApplication Specialist (Cerner) - Brisbane basedOther FTProduction control - batch schedulingNSW FTAngular DeveloperSA CCITCM Technical Specialist - SydneyNSW FTLife/400 Developers / Programmers - Permanent - North Ryde areaNSW CCPrincipal Project ManagerNSW CCSenior System EngineerNSW FTTeam Leader Cloud & Cyber SecurityNSW TPProject Manager - HealthQLD TPSenior Systems AnalystVIC FTChief Security Officer l CISSP l ISO27001VIC TPBusiness AnalystQLD TPSoftware Engineer - C++QLD CCSenior Infrastructure ArchitectVIC Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point computerworld.com.au Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? arnnet.com.au Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Username Password Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
null
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Microsoft's new Surface Studio Desktop Sales for the Quarter were Really Surprising | Main | The False Narrative that Apple's Supply Chain in Taiwan won't move to the U.S. under any Circumstances » December 28, 2016 Korea's Antitrust Agency Hits Qualcomm with Record $865 Million Fine for Excessive Licensing Fees to Phone Makers   Korea's antitrust agency imposed a record US$865 million fine on Qualcomm, accusing the U.S. chipmaker of monopolistic behavior and abusing its leading status in the market, the Fair Trade Commission said Wednesday. The agency accused Qualcomm of coercing mobile phone makers, including South Korea's Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics as well as Apple of U.S., to pay excessive licensing fees under unfair conditions set by the company. The FTC said that Samsung, LG, Apple, Intel, MediaTek, China's Huawei Technologies, and Ericsson of Sweden, participated in its investigation of Qualcomm.   The FTC said that Qualcomm rejected or set limitations for providing its standard essential patents to rival modem chipset makers, such as Intel of the U.S. and Taiwan's MediaTek. The patents are critical for the production and sale of chipsets.   "It is the first time that the FTC corrects Qualcomm's unfair business model," said the agency in a statement. "We want to implement fair competition in the mobile telecommunication industry by changing it to [an] open ecosystem in which any participant can enjoy incentives from its innovations."   This latest censure follows similar action from China taken against the San Diego-based chipmaker. In February 2015, China's National Development and Reform Commission levied a fine of 6 billion yuan ($975 million) on Qualcomm for charging excessive royalties for its third- and fourth-generation telecommunication technology patents.   Qualcomm enjoys a monopoly in the licensing and modem chipset markets in the mobile telecommunication industry, according to the FTC. It owns the largest number of standard essential patents in the second-, third- and fourth-generation technologies in the industry. The South Korean market accounted for 16% of Qualcomm's total revenues last year, which reached $25.1 billion, the agency said.   Don Rosenberg, executive vice president and general counsel at Qualcomm stated that "We are pleased that our appeal will be to the Seoul High Court, which is known to rigorously analyze evidence and apply sound antitrust principles."   On December 21, Patently Apple posted a report titled "Apple Files a Major Antitrust Case against Acacia Research Corporation Pointing to a Conspiracy with Nokia Corporation." Apple see's Nokia and their silent partners for the same kind of antitrust behaving in gouging smartphone OEM beyond FRAND licencing. In their filing with the court Apple stated the following:   "Apple Inc. ("Apple") brings this action to remedy a continuing anticompetitive scheme. Acacia Research Corporation and its subsidiaries (collectively, "Acacia") and Conversant Intellectual Property Management Inc. ("Conversant") and its subsidiaries (collectively, "Conversant") have respectively colluded with Nokia Corporation (itself and through its affiliates Nokia Solutions and Networks Oy and Nokia Technologies Oy (collectively "Nokia")) to obtain from Nokia thousands of patents as part of a plan to extract and extort exorbitant revenues unfairly and anticompetitively from Apple and other innovative suppliers of cell phones, and ultimately from the consumers of those products.   This conduct is all the more pernicious because it unfairly and anticompetitively evades binding commitments that Nokia made to license declared standard essential patents ("SEPs") on fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory ("FRAND") terms. Nokia positioned itself to claim that its patents cover technologies included in telecommunications standards by repeatedly assuring standard-setting organizations that it would license its patents fairly. Yet Acacia and Conversant are now conspiring with Nokia in a scheme to diffuse and abuse such patents and, as the PAEs and Nokia fully intended, monetize those false promises by extracting exorbitant non-FRAND royalties in ways Nokia could not."   At some point in time it would be great to see the US or other Antitrust agencies around the world take up this same fight against Nokia as they are now with Qualcomm. The EU Commission threatened Nokia back in 2013 that they would open an antitrust case against Nokia if they acted as patent trolls as they now have with Apple and yet have failed to take a stand against this European company. How convenient.   The good news in this is that if China and Korea have found Qualcomm guilty of charging excessive licensing fees to smartphone makers then perhaps Nokia will be be next in line.    About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.   Posted by Jack Purcher on December 28, 2016 at 07:31 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Note7 Probe Results due this Month While Samsung Admits that Growth will lag in 2017 Due to Tough Competition Apple's Chief Israeli Officer Appointed to Run the Israeli Government's 'Innovation Authority' Apple Partnered with Photographers to Capture New Year's Celebrations from around the World on iPhone 7 Apple's Normal Order Management after Christmas seems to have Falsely Alarmed Seasoned News Sites Foxconn Reaching Full Robotic Production Automation for All-in-One PC's and Advancing to other Products every Year Production of Apple's AirPods goes into High Gear in Multiple Shanghai Plants to Meet Consumer Demand Family Sues Apple for not using a patented iOS Feature Designed to shut Off Certain Apps while Driving In Apple's Wearable Device Universe you'll one day wear a Mini iPhone, iPod or Medical Device on your Wrist Apple Advances the Concept of the Apple Watch's Digital Crown Coming to all iDevices eventually Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
null
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Gadgets Lenovo updates ThinkPad laptops with 7th gen Intel CPUs ahead of CES 2017 Lenovo updates ThinkPad laptops with 7th gen Intel CPUs ahead of CES 2017 Lenovo has updated its ThinkPad lineup of laptops ahead of the Consumer Electronics Show (CES). By: Tech Desk | Published:December 28, 2016 6:50 pm Lenovo will be showcasing its new ThinkPad lineup at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) next week. With the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) just a week away, Lenovo on Wednesday updated its ThinkPad lineup of business laptops. The lineup includes the ThinkPad X270, ThinkPad Yoga 370, ThinkPad 13, four new ThinkPad T series notebooks and two new ThinkPad L series laptops. All these laptops come equipped with the seventh generation Intel processors, a Precision TouchPad , and a bloatware-free Microsoft’ Signature Edition image of Windows 1o. ThinkPad X270 The ThinkPad X270 is a business laptop optimised for exceptional battery life. It features a three-cell 23Wh battery in the front, and another three-cell 23Wh battery in the back, offering up to 21.4 hours of backup. The laptop also features 16GB of DDR4 RAM, along with the latest Intel processors, up to 2TB HDDs, and 512MB PCIe NVMe SSDs. The 12.5-inch IPS display comes in HD (1366×768) and FHD (1920×1080) screens as well as a FHD touch screen option. Connectivity options include USB Type-C, two full-size USB 3.0 ports, one USB 3.0 port, a 4-in-1 SD card reader, HDMI, Ethernet, a headphone/mic jack and a Smart Card Reader. The laptop will start upwards of $909 (or approx Rs 61,985). Also read: New BlackBerry smartphones made by TCL to be unveiled at CES 2017 ThinkPad Yoga 370 The new ThinkPad Yoga 370 has a 13.3-inch touch display with 1080p resolution and an integrated pen and Thunderbolt 3 support. The laptop offers the latest Intel Core processors, Intel HD Graphics 620, and up to 16GB of DDR4 RAM, and 1TB of PCIe NVMe SSD storage. Its 13.3-inch Full HD touch screen features anti-smudge finish and a 360-degree hinge. The Yoga 370 has a built-in six-cell 51Wh battery which should last up to 10 hours. To be available in March next year, in black and silver finishes, the Yoga 370 will be priced starting at $1, 264 (or approx Rs 86,204). ThinkPad T series The all-new Lenovo ThinkPad T series laptops feature the latest Intel processors, alongside a dual-battery system and Thunderbolt 3 connectivity. The T470 features a 14-inch FHD display, Nvidia GeForce 940MX discrete graphics, a Thunderbolt port and touch fingerprint reader. Lenovo claims battery life can last up to 18 hours. The 14-inch T470s is a thin and light business UltraBook, and it doesn’t offer a dedicated GPU or Intel Octane memory options. The notebook’s battery is claimed to clast 10.5 hours. Priced at $1099 (or approx Rs 74,951), it will be available black and silver options starting February. Meanwhile, the ThinkPad T470p is equipped with Nvidia GeForce 940MX discrete graphics and can deliver up to 12 hours of battery backup. It will cost upwards of $1049 (or approx Rs 71,541). The ThinkPad T570 is a 15.6-inch notebook is thinner and lighter than the previous generation T Series notebooks. The laptop includes a Thunderbolt 3 port and a touch fingerprint reader. It will be priced upwards of $909 (or approx Rs 61,993). Also read: LG announces new levitating speaker, which will be unveiled at CES 2017 ThinkPad L series The new ThinkPad L series comes in two different models: the ThinkPad L470 and L570. Both laptops feature the latest Intel processors, up to 32GB memory, and up to a 1TB HDD. The L470 features switchable AMD Radeon R5 M430 2GB DDR3 graphics, while the L570 offers only integrated graphics. Both will be available in a standard HD (1366 x 768) display and a Full HD (1920 x 1080) IPS display. The L-series are due in March next year and will start at $799 (or approx Rs 54,491). ThinkPad 13 The ThinkPad 13 is a budget business laptop targeted at SMEs and students. It comes loaded with the latest Intel processors, integrated graphics up to 32GB of DDR4 RAM, and up to 512MB of PCIe NVMe SSD. The 13-inch notebook features a Full HD display and will be available in the beginning of January 2017, starting at $674 (or approx Rs 45,996). © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Tags: CES 2017 Lenovo Best of Express PM Modi frames UP fight: Growth exiled for 14 yrs, give us majority EntertainmentDangal box office collection day 11: Aamir Khan film all set to take over Sultan as biggest hit of 2016 EntertainmentRaees: Dear Shah Rukh Khan, why are you so 'Zaalim' on us? EntertainmentBollywood shocked at Abis Rizvi's death in Istanbul terror attack EntertainmentAkshay Kumar's calender break-up of his films will leave you amazed Must Read SportsSC sacks BCCI chief, secy; Anurag says ‘all the best’ SportsBCCI's top two down; cricket’s non-playing XI panics Sports'Let the new administrators amend the constitution' TechnologySamsung Galaxy A7, Galaxy A5, Galaxy A3 (2017) launched ahead of CES 2017 TechnologyBHIM app duplicates are all over Google Play Store: Here's how to avoid TechnologyWhatsApp stops working in older iPhones, Android handsets Lifestyle9th edition of India Art Fair to start February 2 Jan 03: Latest News Oil prices rise as markets eye OPEC, non-OPEC production cuts US House Republicans weaken ethics body as they return to Congress David Warner becomes first to score hundred before lunch in Australia Christmas fixtures great for fans, hard for players, says Jose Mourinho Ludhiana youth dies in Delhi, kin allege murder                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News South Korea fines Qualcomm $854 million for violating competition laws South Korea fines Qualcomm $854 million for violating competition laws Qualcomm said it will file for an immediate stay of the corrective order and appeal the decision to the Seoul High Court. By: Reuters | Published:December 28, 2016 6:45 pm Qualcomm said it will file for an immediate stay of the corrective order and appeal the decision to the Seoul High Court. South Korea’s antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm Inc 1.03 trillion won ($854 million) for what it called unfair business practices in patent licensing and modem chip sales, a decision the US chipmaker said it will challenge in court. The fine, the largest ever levied in South Korea, marks the latest antitrust setback for Qualcomm’s most profitable business of licensing wireless patents to the mobile industry, at a time when the business is facing headwinds from a cooling smartphone market. The Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) ruled on Wednesday Qualcomm abused its dominant market position and forced handset makers to pay royalties for an unnecessarily broad set of patents as part of sales of its modem chips. Qualcomm also restricted competition by refusing or limiting licensing of its standard essential patents related to modem chips to rival chipmakers such as Intel Corp, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and MediaTek Inc, the regulator said, hindering their sales and leaving their products vulnerable to lawsuits. The regulator ordered Qualcomm to negotiate in good faith with rival chipmakers on patent licensing and renegotiate chip supply agreements with handset makers if requested – measures that would affect the US firm’s dealings with major tech companies including Apple Inc, Intel, Samsung and Huawei Technologies Co Ltd if upheld. The KFTC said it began its investigations into Qualcomm’s practices in 2014 following complaints from industry participants, but did not name specific companies. Foreign companies including Apple, Intel, MediaTek and Huawei expressed their views during the regulator’s deliberation process, KFTC Secretary General Shin Young-son told a media briefing in the country’s administrative capital. “We investigated and decided on these actions because Qualcomm’s actions limit overall competition,” Shin said, adding that the ruling was not about protecting domestic companies such as Samsung and LG Electronics Inc but about improving market competition for all players. Qualcomm said it will file for an immediate stay of the corrective order and appeal the decision to the Seoul High Court. The firm will also appeal the amount of the fine and the method used to calculate it. “Qualcomm strongly disagrees with the KFTC’s announced decision,” it said in a statement. The decision in Seoul could mean lower costs for mobile phone makers and others in the tech supply chain who source Qualcomm chips, said a Taiwanese industry executive, declining to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter. IN REGULATORY CROSSHAIRS The fine is the latest in a series of antitrust rulings and investigations faced by Qualcomm from regulators across the globe. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. Stacy Rasgon, an analyst with AB Bernstein, said the fine itself was large but also said the KFTC’s orders for Qualcomm to alter its business practices have bigger future implications for the chipmaker. A major challenge for Qualcomm, he said, would emerge if the ruling forces the company to license patents for some of its chips to rivals such as Intel, which has been competing hard to land its modem chips in mobile phones. “How can they force you to license to a competitor? That’s what I never understood. I guarantee Qualcomm won’t want to do that,” he said, adding that the dispute could take years to play out in South Korean courts. The KFTC fined Qualcomm 273 billion won in 2009 for abusing its dominant position in CDMA modem chips, which were then used in handsets made by Samsung and LG. Regulators in other jurisdictions, including the United States and Taiwan, are also investigating Qualcomm. The KFTC move could serve as a benchmark for some of them. “Korea’s decision will serve as an important reference point for us,” Chiu Yung-ho, vice chairman and spokesman for Taiwan’s Fair Trade Commission, told Reuters. He gave no timeline on when Taiwan’s own year-long investigation would be concluded. Tags: Qualcomm Best of Express PM Modi frames UP fight: Growth exiled for 14 yrs, give us majority EntertainmentDangal box office collection day 11: Aamir Khan film all set to take over Sultan as biggest hit of 2016 EntertainmentRaees: Dear Shah Rukh Khan, why are you so 'Zaalim' on us? EntertainmentBollywood shocked at Abis Rizvi's death in Istanbul terror attack EntertainmentAkshay Kumar's calender break-up of his films will leave you amazed Must Read SportsSC sacks BCCI chief, secy; Anurag says ‘all the best’ SportsBCCI's top two down; cricket’s non-playing XI panics Sports'Let the new administrators amend the constitution' TechnologySamsung Galaxy A7, Galaxy A5, Galaxy A3 (2017) launched ahead of CES 2017 TechnologyBHIM app duplicates are all over Google Play Store: Here's how to avoid TechnologyWhatsApp stops working in older iPhones, Android handsets Lifestyle9th edition of India Art Fair to start February 2 Jan 03: Latest News Oil prices rise as markets eye OPEC, non-OPEC production cuts US House Republicans weaken ethics body as they return to Congress David Warner becomes first to score hundred before lunch in Australia Christmas fixtures great for fans, hard for players, says Jose Mourinho Ludhiana youth dies in Delhi, kin allege murder                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
null
Neowin Login Sign up News Features Forums Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Microsoft's Surface Book is now available with up to 10% off in the UK, priced from £1,169 By Andy Weir Senior News Editor Neowin LLC @gcaweir · Dec 28, 2016 with 1 comment Microsoft is currently offering over £200 worth of free accessories with its Surface Book in the UK, including a Surface Dock, Arc Touch Mouse, and Wireless Display Adapter. But if you're not fussed about those accessories, and you'd prefer a good ol' fashioned discount instead, you're in luck. Buyers in the UK can now get up to 10% off the Surface Book from Amazon.co.uk, depending on the model they intend to purchase: Intel Core i5 / 8GB RAM / 128GB SSD | usually £1,299 | now £1,169 (save £130 / 10%) Intel Core i5 / 8GB RAM / 256GB SSD | usually £1,599 | now £1,483.04 (save £116 / 7%) Intel Core i7 / 8GB RAM / 256GB SSD | usually £1,799 | now £1,619 (save £180 / 10%) Intel Core i7 / 16GB RAM / 512GB SSD | usually £2,249 | now £2,199 (save £50 / 2%) Intel Core i7 / 16GB RAM / 1TB SSD | usually £2,699 | now £2,452.76 (save £196.24 / 7%) The discounts listed above refer to prices for purchases from Amazon itself; if you're willing to purchase from a third-party Amazon Marketplace seller, you may be able to get the same models at even lower prices. Curiously, Amazon's listing refers to the Intel Core i5 / 8GB RAM / 256GB SSD model as having "Integrated Intel 520 Graphics", rather than the discrete Nvidia GeForce GPU listed in the specs on the Microsoft Store. Indeed, Microsoft doesn't appear to offer that model without the dGPU in the UK, although it is listed on its US store. Source: Amazon.co.uk Tags Microsoft Surface book Amazon Uk United kingdom Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Ransomware to further evolve in the New Year with worm-like feature, say analysts Next Story Get this Wireless Charging Pad for Qi-Enabled Devices for just $18.99 via Neowin Deals Community Activity Refresh Thecus W2810PRO review, a NAS device running Windows Storage Server 2012 R2 Essentials in Front Page News Trump will to recognize Crimea to Russia in Real World Issues Internet Explorer suffers 55% YoY decline in market share, Google Chrome increases slightly in Front Page News Xbox One S available from $279 today, and two new 'Games with Gold' titles in Front Page News Details of Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 leaked ahead of CES launch in Front Page News Dog mauls husband and wife after they tried to dress 'Scarface' in a sweater in Real World News Looking ahead: For Microsoft, 2017 will be a year of work, play, and creativity unleashed in Front Page News Telegram quietly ends Android 2.2, 2.3 and 3.0 support in Front Page News Related Stories If you still want to buy Microsoft's Lumia 950 XL in the UK, you can get one now for £275 Dec 28, 2016 Microsoft's entry-level Surface Pro 4 gets 10% off in the UK, now available for £674 Dec 23, 2016 Microsoft is offering over £200 worth of free accessories with Surface Books in the UK Dec 23, 2016 Microsoft slashes up to 25% off Surface accessories in the UK, including all Type Covers Dec 23, 2016 deals PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $69.00 88% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Wireless Charging Pad for Qi-Enabled Devices $68.00 $18.99 72% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Show Comments 1 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Apple’s made-in-India iPhone: This is what makes Bengaluru so special By Anirudh Regidi 27   Comments BHIM app review: App for cashless payments launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi By Aditya Madanapalle 24   Comments BSNL offers unlimited local and STD calls for Rs 144 in new plan By tech2 News Staff 4   Comments BHIM app faces high server loads on launch day By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Apple sued by a family in US, claims FaceTime caused fatal car accident 2   Comments Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> CES 2017: Lenovo unveils new range of ThinkPads, Thunderbolt 3 docks and QHD displays #CES 2017 0 By tech2 News Staff /  28 Dec 2016 , 17:09 Ahead of CES 2017 in January next year, Lenovo has unveiled its entire range of upgraded ThinkPads for 2017. The devices are all part of the X70 series (X varying from 2-5 depending on the model. The larger models in the series, the T470, T470p, T570, L470, L570 will have Intel’s seventh generation Kaby Lake CPUs and up to 16GB of Intel’s ultra-fast Optane SSD memory. The laptops will ship with Thunderbolt 3 support, Microsoft’s Precision TrackPads and protection from bad USB-C cables. The Thunderbolt 3 standard offers 40Gbps of bandwidth and support for the DisplayPort 1.2, which means that you can easily drive multiple 4K/UHD displays at 60Hz. Since Thunderbolt 3 can handle a lot of power, Lenovo will be integrating a protective circuit around the USB-C ports to prevent any damage due to faulty cables. The ThinkPad Yoga T370 is a 2-in-1 device with a 13.3 inch screen, a weight of 1.45kg and 10-hour battery life, according to Lenovo. This device will ship in March. To go with these devices, Lenovo has announced two docks, one with Thunderbolt 3 and the other with USB-C gen 2. The Thunderbolt dock will cost $280 (around Rs 19,000) and add support for up to 3 displays. In fact, you’ll be able to drive 2 displays at UHD and 30Hz resolution alongside a single display at UHD and 60Hz. Or, you can drive two UHD displays at 60Hz. The dock also includes an HDMI port, a VGA port, five USB 3.0 ports, a gigabit Ethernet port and audio. A 135W power adapter will power the dock, but 65W of this power can be transferred to the laptop itself to charge it via a Thunderbolt 3 pass-through. The other dock will only connect via USB-C Gen.2, which is slower and less capable. It’s also cheaper at $200 (around Rs 13,600). This dock will offer two DIsplayPorts, three USB 3.0 ports, two USB 2.0 ports, audio and Gigabit Ethernet. Since it’s USB 3.0, it’ll only be able to drive a single UHD display at 30Hz or two Full HD displays at 60Hz. On the display front, Lenovo unveiled two new displays. Both displays will be available in QHD resolutions and connect via Thunderbolt 3/USB-C. Both will come with four USB 3.0 ports, two HDMI inputs, one DisplayPort in, one DisplayPort out (for daisy-chaining) and will be able to charge a connected laptop with up to 45W of power. The displays only vary in resolution and price, with a 23.8 inch display (the ThinkVision P24h) priced at $259 (around Rs 17,700) and a 27-inch (the ThinkVision P27h) unit going for $329 (around Rs 22,500). Both units will be available in March and will be factory calibrated to sRGB standards. Source: Anandtech, Engadget Tags: CES 2017, laptop, Lenovo, Lenovo Display, Lenovo Dock, Notebook, ThinkDock, Thinkpad, ThinkVision, Thunderbolt 3 Also read CES 2017: TCL will announce new BlackBerry smartphones CES 2017: LG wants you to wear these speakers around your neck X Recommended For You CES 2017: LG electronics to debut robots for the home, outdoors and public spaces CES 2017: Samsung unveils curved Quantum Dot monitors for gamers CES 2017: HTC may launch Vive 2 with 4K display and this time the entire thing could be wireless CES 2017: Qualcomm, Samsung, Xiaomi and other company keynotes you need to keep a track of Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #BHIM Jan 2, 2017 BHIM App is the leader in the ‘Top Free Apps’ category on the Google Play Store #Nasa Jan 2, 2017 Nasa’s Neowise mission discovers a comet that may be visible from the first week of 2017 #Partnered Dec 29, 2016 Your guide to be a Selfie Expert #Samsung Jan 2, 2017 Samsung launches Galaxy A7, A5, A3 (2017) series smartphones with USB Type-C #presidential election Jan 2, 2017 US releases 13-page long analysis report detailing Russia’s role in presidential election hacking #Apple Jan 2, 2017 Apple’s parts supplier Wistron looking for permission to expand in Bengaluru SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path CES2017 ComingtoNetflix NYResolutionApps TrendsThatNeedtoDie AlexaSkills Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Laptops & Notebooks/ Lenovo Tips Refreshed Kaby Lake ThinkPad Line for Early 2017 Lenovo Tips Refreshed Kaby Lake ThinkPad Line for Early 2017 By Matthew Buzzi December 28, 2016 06:00am EST 10 Comments The T- and L-Series lines get Intel's latest processors, while retaining a core set of security and management features. Lenovo has a slew of ThinkPad laptops and peripherals for the new year, including updates to the T- and L-Series lines, as well as a wholly fresh hybrid system, the ThinkPad Yoga 370. All new ThinkPad laptops will boast Intel's latest Core i Kaby Lake processors, MilSpec certification for durability, discrete TPM 2.0 for security, and Microsoft Signature Image for a clean system with no bloatware. Aimed at either business or personal use, the Yoga 370 is a 13-inch convertible laptop featuring Lenovo's signature 360-degree hinge for full screen rotation. Also present is the same flattening keyboard we've seen on their high-end business systems like the ThinkPad X1 Yoga, which locks the keys down flat as you fold the screen back for protection and a more comfortable grip. The 370 includes a full HD touch display, Thunderbolt 3 support, and can be configured with up to 1TB of solid-state storage. There are some other useful extras in the 370, like protection against malfunctioning USB-C power supplies damaging your system and an anti-reflective screen finish. With a claimed 10 hours of battery life and weighing just over three pounds, the 370 is built to be travel friendly. It will be available in February 2017 starting at $1,149. The ThinkPad T-Series has four new laptops: The T570, T470, T470s, and T470p. The T570 is a 15-inch business laptop with customizable storage, discrete graphics, and optional additional batteries; it arrives in February, starting at $949. The T470 is the mainline 14-inch workhorse in Lenovo's proverbial stable, now slightly thinner and lighter at 20mm thick and 3.49 pounds. It features discrete Nvidia GeForce 940MX graphics, Thunderbolt 3 support, and a fingerprint reader. The T470s and T470p are specialized versions of that laptop, focusing more on portability and performance, respectively. The T470s is an ultraportable that weighs just under 3 pounds and does not offer a discrete graphics option. The T470p isn't quite as slim, but offers greater connectivity options, discrete graphics, and more memory. All three will be available in January 2017, with the T470 starting at $949, the T470s at $1,149, and the T470p at $1,099. On the value side, the L-Series business laptops get refreshed with the L470 and the L570. The L470 is a 14-inch system rated at 12 hours of battery life, switchable integrated and discrete AMD graphics, and a full HD display with In-Plane Switching technology. The L570 is a 15-inch model available with integrated graphics and a 720p or 1080p display. It weighs 5.25 pounds and can include up 1TB of storage with 512GB of solid-state storage. Both will launch in February, with the L470 starting at $799 and the L570 at $949. Outside those lines, the ThinkPad X270 will add its 12.5-inch form factor and potential 20 hours of battery life to the family. The ThinkPad 13, meanwhile, is a budget option that still offers the shared ThinkPad features. It includes a 13.3-inch full HD touch display, integrated graphics, and up to 512GB of storage. Both will launch in January, with the X270 starting at $949 and the ThinkPad 13 at $699. Lenovo is also launching separate USB-C- and Thunderbolt 3-centric docks. The former will be available in January for $199, and the latter in February for $279. Two new 24-inch and 27-inch QHD ThinkVision displays will be coming in March, with pricing yet to be announced. Back to top Previous : New Dell XPS 15 Leaks With Quad Core Kaby Lake, GTX 1050 GPU... By Matthew Buzzi Matthew Buzzi is a junior analyst on the Hardware team at PCMag. Matthew graduated from Iona College with a degree in Mass Communications/Journalism. He interned for a college semester at Kotaku, writing about gaming. He has written about technology and video game news, as well as hardware and gaming reviews. In his free time, he likes to go out with friends, watch and discuss sports, play video games, read too much Twitter, and obsessively manage any fantasy sports leagues he's involved in. More » More Stories by Matthew G.Skill Ripjaws KM780 RGB The G.Skill Ripjaws KM780 RGB is a solid if unspectacular mechanical gaming keyboard with a bevy of ... More » Gigabyte Radeon RX 470 G1 Gaming 4G Gigabyte's RX 470 offers strong 1080p gaming performance and RGB lighting, though this video card ru... More » Nvidia Titan X (Pascal) If you can justify the Pascal Titan X in your budget, it will provide the hands-down best gaming per... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles What to Expect at CES 2017 13 Apps to Help You Keep Your New Year's Resolutions Tech Trends That Need to Die in 2017 Hatchimals and 7 Other Foul-Mouthed Toys Everything Coming to Netflix in January The Tech Stories That Awed, Disturbed, and Excited Us in 2016 »See More //Related Reviews Dell XPS 13 Touch (2016 Rose Gold Edition) Lenovo ThinkPad 13 Lenovo ThinkPad X260 Asus ZenBook 3 (UX390UA) The Best Laptops of 2017 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Countdown to 2017 with HEXUS and ARM [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Laptop System Builders News 0 Lenovo announces Windows 10 Signature Kaby Lake laptops by Mark Tyson on 28 December 2016, 10:01 Tags: Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qadcmf Add to My Vault: Just ahead of CES Lenovo has announced nine new Microsoft Windows 10 Signature Series laptops. With Lenovo getting some bad press in recent months over bloatware, malware, rootkits and so on, the reassurance of a Microsoft WIndows 10 Signature experience might be an attractive prospect to those who might otherwise not consider the Lenovo brand for a new PC. Lenovo's new and refreshed devices predictably come packing Intel's latest and greatest processors: the 7th generation or Kaby Lake Core-i series of processors. Some of the higher end models also have the option of Intel Optane 3D storage. New and refreshed models for CES 2017 include; the completely new ThinkPad Yoga 370 2-in-1 convertible, refreshed T-Series (T470, T570, T470s, and T470p) and L-Series (L470 and L570) models, the new X270, and an updated version of the ThinkPad 13. Lenovo bullet pointed a list of improvements that are delivered by its new laptops: Microsoft Signature: All ThinkPads comes loaded out of the box with the Microsoft Signature Image (clean install, no bloatware). Precision TouchPad: Microsoft’s PTP standard supported across all devices. USB-C 'Anti-Fry' Protection: Systems with USB-C have equipped with protection circuit to protect from improperly designed/malfunctioning USB-C power supplies. dTPM 2.0 security support: Universal implementation of discrete TPM 2.0. ThinkPad Intelligent diagnostic codes: Intelligent Diagnostics with musical tones from notebook interpreted by companion smartphone app. Intel Optane Performance: Non-volatile storage medium in the PCIe M.2 format for significant improvements in endurance, performance, and power consumption. Among the nine new devices the ThinkPad Yoga 370 2-in-1 stands out as a completely new model, and it will sit nicely between the existing 200- and 400-Series Yogas. This 13.3-inch 1.45Kg machine, pictured above, offers a Yoga-flexible 1080p screen and 10 hour battery life. Furthermore, it employs Thunderbolt 3 to connect with Lenovo's new docks and displays. (Most of the new T-Series also feature Thunderbolt 3). The Yoga 370 will be priced around $1250 and ship in March. More details about Lenovo's new and expanded laptop range will be released at CES 2017 (5th - 8th January). Related Reading 9 Asus ROG readying a GTX 1080 laptop that’s less than 17mm thick The slim new GX501 sports a 15.6-inch 4K UHD screen with Nvidia G-Sync support. 3 Microsoft Surface Pro 5 planned for Q1 2017 says report Device will sport UltraHD display and be made by Pegatron Technology. 5 Dell updates XPS 15 laptop with Kaby Lake CPU and Pascal GPU Can configure up to 4K screen, Intel Core i7-7700HQ CPU, and Nvidia GTX 1050 GPU. Samsung updates its slim and light Notebook 9 line Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update Steam Winter Sale and Microsoft Countdown Game Deals begin Windows hardware partners now designing ARM cellular PCs HEXUS Forums :: 0 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Log in to be the first to comment! MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to beyond 7GHz 9 2 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 3 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 4 Cryptic rumour points to air cooled AMD Ryzen hitting 5GHz 9 5 Taiwanese motherboard makers optimistic about AMD Ryzen 6 1 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 2 Day 13: Win an iiyama G-Master 4K monitor 19 3 Festive greetings from all at HEXUS 19 4 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 5 Day 16: Win a Zotac Zbox and Pimax VR 15 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 Aerocool Targets Gamers and RGB Enthusiasts at CES 2017 2 Samsung introduces the stylish, powerful and practical Galaxy A 3 Experience 10 Years of ZOTAC Design and Engineering Excellence at CES 2017 4 Thecus launches two new Windows Storage Server Rackmount NAS 5 PQI into Fingerprint ID Application Market 6 Samsung to Introduce New Quantum Dot Curved Monitor at CES 2017 INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,942 Forum posts: 2,563,248 Forum threads: 247,030 Currently active users: 286 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
null
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 29-51 We set you thinking Tuesday 3 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Peru demands cash from Odebrecht ahead of plea deal talks 1483409235 World Brazil drug gangs spark prison riot, 56 dead 1483410245 Singapore Fatal AYE accident: Charge against driver upgraded to culpable homicide not amounting to murder 1483407900 World South Korea pushes for extradition of daughter of President Park's friend 1483408272 Business Oil prices rise as markets eye OPEC, non-OPEC production cuts 1483409259 Entertainment Syrian star turned pizza boy dreaming of Hollywood ending 1483408889 World At least 100 homes burned as fire erupts in Valparaiso, Chile 1483407651 World China navy confirms carrier conducted drills in South China Sea 1483406440 Business Asia stocks see subdued start to 2017, dollar resumes climb 1483406088 China&India Chinese court says transgender man was fired unjustifiably 1483406488 Singapore Private home prices extend longest falling streak 1483405080 World Cardinal calls it a ‘disgrace’, but a McDonald’s opens near the Vatican 1483404984 World Inside Trump defense secretary pick’s efforts to halt torture 1483404386 Singapore Singapore economy in 2016 beats expectations 1483403580 World This is where the world’s highest-paid expats live 1483402560 World Twins delivered minutes apart have different birth years 1483403490 World Rising costs in Malaysia may force the poor from school 1483402584 Singapore TODAY's morning brief for Tuesday, Jan 3 1483399800 World Cuba puts on show of strength as Trump inauguration nears 1483374364 Singapore Complex dynamics at play ahead of presidential poll 1483387260 Singapore New chief aims to continue making technical education fulfilling 1483387260 Singapore Outgoing director proud ITE no longer plagued by negative stereotypes 1483387260 Business Twitter China head Kathy Chen leaves company 1483397365 World Syrian rebels say they froze talks on Russian-backed peace conference due to ceasefire violations 1483396764 World Investigators question Israel's Netanyahu over alleged receipt of gifts 1483396140 Singapore All eyes on payouts as ElderShield review gets under way 1483387260 World Factbox: Brazil's history of violent prison uprisings 1483394606 World U.S. general sees Islamic State's capability waning in east Mosul 1483380162 World Islamic State kills 24 with Baghdad car bomb, attack police stations in Samarra 1483393911 World Murders in notoriously violent El Salvador drop 20 percent in 2016: police 1483390651 World No proof Russian hacking influenced U.S. election: Trump spokesman 1483387038 World Christmas message leads to death threats, police case in Pakistan 1483387902 World Suicide bombers attack two police stations in Iraq's Samarra: sources 1483386178 World Deputy leader of Libya's U.N.-backed government resigns 1483385945 World Italy's 5-Star Movement unveils ethics code; critics cry hypocrisy 1483385622 World Migrants in U.S., Mexico fret about Trump threat to halt remittances 1483388316 World In Iraq, Hollande vows to tackle foreign fighters and their children 1483357612 China&India China expects ivory trade ban to enhance its image 1483387321 Sports Scorpion King Giroud gets 2017 off to a flying start 1483387320 Voices Rein in private sector charges to revive S’pore as medical tourism hub 1483387320 Business Intelligent-tech arms race looming at CES 1483387320 Entertainment Korean ban sees Japanese works make it big in China 1483387319 Lifestyle The dark (and often dubious) art of forecasting food trends 1483387319 China&India Modi cash ban brings pain, but corruption-weary India grits teeth in support 1483387319 China More economic uncertainty hanging over China 1483387318 Singapore Onwards to a new fare formula for public transport 1483387318 Business China should set flexible 2017 growth target: Adviser 1483387317 Sports Shanghai Sipg supporters welcome oscar, their S$96m man 1483387317 Commentary Tricky, but necessary, to build resilience against security threats 1483387316 World How Japan resists the populist tide 1483387316 Business South Korea fines Qualcomm $854 million for violating competition laws A Qualcomm sign is pictured in front of one of its many buildings in San Diego, California. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:10 PM, December 28, 2016 Updated: 6:10 AM, December 29, 2016 SEJONG, South Korea/SAN FRANCISCO - South Korea's antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm Inc <QCOM.O> 1.03 trillion won ($854 million) for what it called unfair business practices in patent licensing and modem chip sales, a decision the U.S. chipmaker said it will challenge in court. The fine, the largest ever levied in South Korea, marks the latest antitrust setback for Qualcomm's most profitable business of licensing wireless patents to the mobile industry, at a time when the business is facing headwinds from a cooling smartphone market. Shares in Qualcomm fell 1.7 percent on Nasdaq. The Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) ruled on Wednesday Qualcomm abused its dominant market position and forced handset makers to pay royalties for an unnecessarily broad set of patents as part of sales of its modem chips. Qualcomm also restricted competition by refusing or limiting licensing of its standard essential patents related to modem chips to rival chipmakers such as Intel Corp <INTC.O>, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd <005930.KS> and MediaTek Inc <2454.TW>, the regulator said, hindering their sales and leaving their products vulnerable to lawsuits. The regulator ordered Qualcomm to negotiate in good faith with rival chipmakers on patent licensing and renegotiate chip supply agreements with handset makers if requested -- measures that would affect the U.S. firm's dealings with major tech companies including Apple Inc <AAPL.O>, Intel, Samsung and Huawei Technologies Co Ltd [HWT.UL] if upheld. The KFTC said it began its investigations into Qualcomm's practices in 2014 following complaints from industry participants, but did not name specific companies. Foreign companies including Apple, Intel, MediaTek and Huawei expressed their views during the regulator's deliberation process, KFTC Secretary General Shin Young-son told a media briefing in the country's administrative capital. "We investigated and decided on these actions because Qualcomm's actions limit overall competition," Shin said, adding that the ruling was not about protecting domestic companies such as Samsung and LG Electronics Inc <066570.KS>. Qualcomm said it will file for an immediate stay of the corrective order and appeal the decision to the Seoul High Court. The firm will also appeal the amount of the fine and the method used to calculate it. "Qualcomm strongly disagrees with the KFTC’s announced decision," it said in a statement. The decision in Seoul could mean lower costs for mobile phone makers and others in the tech supply chain who source Qualcomm chips, said a Taiwanese industry executive, declining to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter. IN REGULATORY CROSSHAIRS The fine is the latest in a series of antitrust rulings and investigations faced by Qualcomm from regulators across the globe. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. Stacy Rasgon, an analyst with AB Bernstein, said the fine itself was large but also said the KFTC's orders for Qualcomm to alter its business practices have bigger future implications for the chipmaker. A major challenge for Qualcomm, he said, would emerge if the ruling forces the company to license patents for some of its chips to rivals such as Intel, which has been competing hard to land its modem chips in mobile phones. The dispute could take years to play out in South Korean courts, he said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm 273 billion won in 2009 for abusing its dominant position in CDMA modem chips, which were then used in handsets made by Samsung and LG. Regulators in other jurisdictions, including the United States and Taiwan, are also investigating Qualcomm. The KFTC move could serve as a benchmark for some of them. "Korea’s decision will serve as an important reference point for us,” Chiu Yung-ho, vice chairman and spokesman for Taiwan’s Fair Trade Commission, told Reuters. He gave no timeline on when Taiwan’s own year-long investigation would be concluded. Even if the Korean decision sets a precedent for regulatory proceedings in other countries, Qualcomm's move to purchase chipmaker NXP Semiconductors <NXPI.O> for $38 billion cuts its reliance on mobile phones, said Bill Kreher, an analyst with Edward Jones. NXP takes Qualcomm into the fast-growing market for automotive chips and puts it into the chip manufacturing business. "The strategy of diversifying the company's business lines may prove to be the most prudent strategy of all," Kreher said. "Since Qualcomm has moved its dependence from royalties, further decisions from other countries such as the U.S. in the future would not impact the company much, relative to in the past." Shares of Qualcomm were down $1.16 to $66.09 in early afternoon trade. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Writedown fears wipe $5 billion off Toshiba's value as it weighs options World markets end volatile year mostly in the black What Singapore needs to face challenges in 2017: NTUC asst secretary-general Want a bold 2017 prediction? Nothing will change Wall St. thinks stocks will rise in 2017 - What could go wrong? Wall St. set to end 2016 with a whimper Wall St. edges up in low volume, boosted by tech shares Wall St. edges lower as bank shares fall Volkswagen recalls 4,481 cars in Russia: standards watchdog Vestas' strong 2016 finish offsets worry over Trump energy policy Inside Today World South Korea pushes for extradition of daughter of President Park's friend At least 100 homes burned as fire erupts in Valparaiso, Chile China navy confirms carrier conducted drills in South China Sea Cardinal calls it a ‘disgrace’, but a McDonald’s opens near the Vatican Inside Trump defense secretary pick’s efforts to halt torture Business Oil prices rise as markets eye OPEC, non-OPEC production cuts Asia stocks see subdued start to 2017, dollar resumes climb Twitter China head Kathy Chen leaves company Intelligent-tech arms race looming at CES China should set flexible 2017 growth target: Adviser Sports Scorpion King Giroud gets 2017 off to a flying start Shanghai Sipg supporters welcome oscar, their S$96m man Singapore silat aiming high for 2017 SEA Games Guru-Guru masters his rivals for New Year win New Hougang head coach Philippe Aw to focus on youth Entertainment Syrian star turned pizza boy dreaming of Hollywood ending Korean ban sees Japanese works make it big in China Proud mom Pink shares first sibling photo with new baby ‘Absurd’: Dick Clark Productions rejects Mariah Carey’s sabotage claim Benedict Cumberbatch and Sherlock Holmes: A match made in history About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
null
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site South Korea fines Qualcomm US$854 million for violating competition laws News TV Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business South Korea fines Qualcomm US$854 million for violating competition laws South Korea's antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm Inc 1.03 trillion won (US$854 million) for what it called unfair business practices in patent licensing and modem chip sales, a decision the U.S. chipmaker said it will challenge in court. Posted 28 Dec 2016 16:55 Updated 29 Dec 2016 06:05 A Qualcomm sign is pictured in front of one of its many buildings in San Diego, California November 5, 2014. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SEJONG, South Korea/SAN FRANCISCO: South Korea's antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm Inc 1.03 trillion won (US$854 million) for what it called unfair business practices in patent licensing and modem chip sales, a decision the U.S. chipmaker said it will challenge in court. The fine, the largest ever levied in South Korea, marks the latest antitrust setback for Qualcomm's most profitable business of licensing wireless patents to the mobile industry, at a time when the business is facing headwinds from a cooling smartphone market. Shares in Qualcomm fell 1.7 percent on Nasdaq. The Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) ruled on Wednesday Qualcomm abused its dominant market position and forced handset makers to pay royalties for an unnecessarily broad set of patents as part of sales of its modem chips. Qualcomm also restricted competition by refusing or limiting licensing of its standard essential patents related to modem chips to rival chipmakers such as Intel Corp , Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and MediaTek Inc , the regulator said, hindering their sales and leaving their products vulnerable to lawsuits. The regulator ordered Qualcomm to negotiate in good faith with rival chipmakers on patent licensing and renegotiate chip supply agreements with handset makers if requested - measures that would affect the U.S. firm's dealings with major tech companies including Apple Inc , Intel, Samsung and Huawei Technologies Co Ltd if upheld. The KFTC said it began its investigations into Qualcomm's practices in 2014 following complaints from industry participants, but did not name specific companies. Foreign companies including Apple, Intel, MediaTek and Huawei expressed their views during the regulator's deliberation process, KFTC Secretary General Shin Young-son told a media briefing in the country's administrative capital. "We investigated and decided on these actions because Qualcomm's actions limit overall competition," Shin said, adding that the ruling was not about protecting domestic companies such as Samsung and LG Electronics Inc . Qualcomm said it will file for an immediate stay of the corrective order and appeal the decision to the Seoul High Court. The firm will also appeal the amount of the fine and the method used to calculate it. "Qualcomm strongly disagrees with the KFTC’s announced decision," it said in a statement. The decision in Seoul could mean lower costs for mobile phone makers and others in the tech supply chain who source Qualcomm chips, said a Taiwanese industry executive, declining to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter. IN REGULATORY CROSSHAIRS The fine is the latest in a series of antitrust rulings and investigations faced by Qualcomm from regulators across the globe. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a US$975 million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. Stacy Rasgon, an analyst with AB Bernstein, said the fine itself was large but also said the KFTC's orders for Qualcomm to alter its business practices have bigger future implications for the chipmaker. A major challenge for Qualcomm, he said, would emerge if the ruling forces the company to license patents for some of its chips to rivals such as Intel, which has been competing hard to land its modem chips in mobile phones. The dispute could take years to play out in South Korean courts, he said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm 273 billion won in 2009 for abusing its dominant position in CDMA modem chips, which were then used in handsets made by Samsung and LG. Regulators in other jurisdictions, including the United States and Taiwan, are also investigating Qualcomm. The KFTC move could serve as a benchmark for some of them. "Korea’s decision will serve as an important reference point for us,” Chiu Yung-ho, vice chairman and spokesman for Taiwan’s Fair Trade Commission, told Reuters. He gave no timeline on when Taiwan’s own year-long investigation would be concluded. Even if the Korean decision sets a precedent for regulatory proceedings in other countries, Qualcomm's move to purchase chipmaker NXP Semiconductors for US$38 billion cuts its reliance on mobile phones, said Bill Kreher, an analyst with Edward Jones. NXP takes Qualcomm into the fast-growing market for automotive chips and puts it into the chip manufacturing business. "The strategy of diversifying the company's business lines may prove to be the most prudent strategy of all," Kreher said. "Since Qualcomm has moved its dependence from royalties, further decisions from other countries such as the U.S. in the future would not impact the company much, relative to in the past." Shares of Qualcomm were down US$1.16 to US$66.09 in early afternoon trade. (Additional reporting by Hyunjoo Jin in SEOUL, J.R. Wu in TAIPEI, Stephen Nellis in SAN FRANCISCO and Rishika Sadam in BENGALURU) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Technology Trader The Chip Makers Versus the Oligopsonists Micron Technology has a shot at becoming a new kind of tech giant—but not just yet. By Tiernan Ray Biography December 24, 2016 Imagine you have a small group of very, very wealthy clients who are also very smart and very particular about what they want. If you have any hope of surviving, you had better get very good at tailoring your work to meet these clients’ tastes and needs. Such is the plight of traditional technology companies of all stripes, from computer memory-chip makers such as Micron Technology (ticker: MU), to software vendors like Oracle... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Where to Find Yield Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. PNC Financial: A Win-Win for Investors Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Will 2017 Be the Year of the Trump-Rooster? Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. US Foods: Cheap and Appetizing Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Defense Stocks: Raytheon, General Dynamics Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Fast Growing Companies at Value Prices 2 What to Watch for on Wall Street 3 3 ETFs for 2017: Trump and Rising Rates Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand Acer's new all-in-one machines pack in good looks with modest performance Monit Khanna Dec 28, 2016, 01.24 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit AcerImage Credit Acer, the computer giant has unveiled its all new line of Aspire C22 and C24 all-in-one PC’s. These are budget systems and come with modest processor offerings by Intel from the Celeron and Core line-up. The machine gets a sleek overall design with a slight bump at the bottom section of the panel, where the hardware sits. The all-in-one gets premium aesthetics with a slight dash of silver and gold colour accents. Acer Aspire C22 is rocking a 21.5-inch full-HD TFT panel with a resolution of 1920x1080 pixels. Under the hood, the machine is rocking a dual-core Intel Celeron J3160 processor clocked at 1.6GHz, paired with 4GB of LPDDR3 RAM and Intel HD graphics. For storage the device comes loaded with a 500GB HDD. Talking about the C24, the machine features a larger 24-inch full-HD TFT display with a resolution of 1920x1080 pixels. Under the hood, the C24 gets a slightly faster processor- with a dual-core 6th Generation Intel Core i3. The processor comes paired with 8GB of DDR4 memory. Moreover, the machine also gets a 1TB of HDD for storage. For I/O, both machines get 2 USB 2.0 ports, 2 USB 3.0 ports, Gigabit Ethernet port, Audio In and Out, SD multi-card reader, as well as 802.11ac Wi-Fi. The new Acer Aspire C22 AIO model has been priced starting $449.99 which is approximately Rs 30,600, whereas the Aspire C24 AIO is available for prices starting $699.99 which is approximately Rs 47,600. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: WindowsGadgetsDesktopAll-In-OneAcer Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryXiaomi Redmi Note 4X rumoured to launch soon Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author Dell XPS 13 Convertible tipped for CES 2017 Moto X 2017 spotted in renders Samsung to launch its A-series smartphones in January Related stories Grids on Instagram releases Windows desktop app Acer's New All-in-One Has a Battery So You Can Use It Anywhere Acer OneR Windows Hybrid gives 500 GB storage and priced at Rs 19,999 Can a Cheap Windows Tablet Replace Your Desktop? Acer One S1001 vs Notion Ink Cain: Which budget Windows 2-in-1 should you buy? HP Stream Mini: A Cute, Cheap Windows Desktop For Just $180 Personalized Recommendations Editor's Pick Lenovo Yoga 510 Review: Inconsistent Performer The Magic of George Michael: Bringing the “Faith” over a Glorious 30-Year Music Career OnePlus 3T review: Still the best damn phone for less than Rs 30,000 Nucleya Adds His Signature Bass To Papon’s Bihu in The Dewarists’ Latest Music Collaboration Confused between OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T? Read this Super Mario Run: My first 20 minutes! Hot Right Now CyanogenMod reborn, download Lineage OS right now BSNL has launched Rs 144 unlimited calling plan to take on Reliance Jio Leaks suggest iOS 10.3 incoming with mysterious 'Theater Mode' BHIM app tops Google Play store within 3 days of launch Microsoft to launch Surface Pro 5 tablet soon: Report Google's Gboard keyboard app is now being used on 500 million devices Dell XPS 13 Convertible tipped for CES 2017 Vivo V5 Plus will launch on Jan 23 with dual-selfie cameras Overlook Paytm, PM Modi launches a new ‘BHIM’ mobile app PSA: Android Nougat update has arrived for the OnePlus 3T and the OnePlus 3 Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social The next Galaxy Note may be a Galaxy S8 Plus instead, leaks suggest Android 7.0 Nougat is rolling out to Moto Z Phones in India Android 7.0 Nougat is rolling out to Moto Z Phones in India OnePlus 3T soft-gold variant goes on sale starting January 5 Overlook Paytm, PM Modi launches a new ‘BHIM’ mobile app AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: The Lloyd Mathias Interview (Part 1) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Lloyd Mathias Interview (Part 2) #AdAgeUnicorns: Lloyd Mathias to Share His Marketing Journey on December 15 #AdAgeUnicorns: The R Balki Interview (Part 2) Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Micromax Canvas Mega 4G Q417 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 7499BUY5.5" Screen, 3GB RAM Lava A97 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black & Gold) ₹ 5300BUY5"Screen, 5MP Camera Asus Zenfone Max ZC550KL - 16GB (Black) ₹ 9199BUY5000 mAh Battery About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
null
null
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Keep abreast of the latest in business. Get notified about stories and events as they happen. No Thanks Yes Please Home «Back Qualcomm fined $854 mn by S Korean regulators Se Young Lee & Stephen Nellis | Sejong/San Francisco Dec 28, 2016 11:45 PM IST South Korea’s antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm 1.03 trillion won ($854 million) for what it called unfair business practices in patent licensing and modem chip sales, a decision the US chipmaker said it will challenge in court.   The fine, the largest ever levied in South Korea, marks the latest antitrust setback for Qualcomm’s most profitable business of licensing wireless patents to the mobile industry, at a time when the business is facing headwinds from a cooling smartphone market.   The Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) ruled on Wednesday Qualcomm abused its dominant market position and forced handset makers to pay royalties for an unnecessarily broad set of patents as part of sales of its modem chips.   Qualcomm also restricted competition by refusing or limiting licensing of its standard essential patents related to modem chips to rival chipmakers such as Intel Corp, Samsung Electronics Co and MediaTek Inc, the regulator said, hindering their sales and leaving their products vulnerable to lawsuits.   The regulator ordered Qualcomm to negotiate in good faith with rival chipmakers on patent licensing and renegotiate chip supply agreements with handset makers if requested - measures that would affect the US firm’s dealings with major tech companies including Apple, Intel, Samsung and Huawei Technologies Co Ltd if upheld.   The KFTC said it began its investigations into Qualcomm’s practices in 2014 following complaints from industry participants, but did not name specific companies.   Foreign companies including Apple, Intel, MediaTek and Huawei expressed their views during the regulator’s deliberation process, KFTC Secretary General Shin Young-son told a media briefing in the country’s administrative capital.   “We investigated and decided on these actions because Qualcomm’s actions limit overall competition,” Shin said, adding that the ruling was not about protecting domestic companies such as Samsung and LG Electronics but about improving market competition for all players.   Qualcomm said it will file for an immediate stay of the corrective order and appeal the decision to the Seoul High Court. The firm will also appeal the amount of the fine and the method used to calculate it.   “Qualcomm strongly disagrees with the KFTC’s announced decision,” it said in a statement.              The decision in Seoul could mean lower costs for mobile phone makers and others in the tech supply chain who source Qualcomm chips, said a Taiwanese industry executive, declining to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter.   The fine is the latest in a series of antitrust rulings and investigations faced by Qualcomm from regulators across the globe. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals.   Stacy Rasgon, an analyst with AB Bernstein, said the fine itself was large but also said the KFTC’s orders for Qualcomm to alter its business practices have bigger future implications for the chipmaker.   A major challenge for Qualcomm, he said, would emerge if the ruling forces the company to license patents for some of its chips to rivals such as Intel, which has been competing hard to land its modem chips in mobile phones.   “How can they force you to license to a competitor? That’s what I never understood. I guarantee Qualcomm won’t want to do that,” he said, adding that the dispute could take years to play out in South Korean courts.   The KFTC fined Qualcomm 273 billion won in 2009 for abusing its dominant position in CDMA modem chips, which were then used in handsets made by Samsung and LG.   Regulators in other jurisdictions, including the United States and Taiwan, are also investigating Qualcomm. The KFTC move could serve as a benchmark for some of them.   “Korea’s decision will serve as an important reference point for us,” Chiu Yung-ho, vice chairman and spokesman for Taiwan’s Fair Trade Commission, told Reuters. He gave no timeline on when Taiwan’s own year-long investigation would be concluded.   Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Banks slash rates in New Year gift; SBI leads and PNB, Union Bank follow Fact check: PM Modi just extended old schemes in New Year announcement Infosys' Rs 5.9 cr severance pay to Kennedy bid to play safe with Trump Black money chase: Don't panic if you receive a tax notice Flipkart's largest unit posts hefty revenue growth, cuts losses More From Current Affairs Global Markets - Asia stocks see subdued start to 2017, dollar resumes climb Singapore Q4 GDP beats forecasts as manufacturing rebounds European shares hit highs as PMI data comes as New Year's gift Iran certifies 29 international companies to bid for oil, gas projects Global Markets - New Year, new high for euro zone stock markets [ more ] Top Stories At least 60 dead in Brazil prison riot Google helping mobile publishing? Some publishers are not so sure Budget might increase funds to fight climate change impact on farming Tata Steel takes the start-up route for scale-up Don't pay the service charge if unhappy with eatery, hotel service [ more ] Markets QNet denies allegations in charge sheet Street Food: Sebi set to see top appointments Sebi revises guidelines for written-off securities of FPIs Private equity exits through IPO set for record with NSE offering Gold import lowest since 2003 [ more ] Companies QNet denies allegations in charge sheet Tata Steel takes the start-up route for scale-up Hero ISL 2016 watched by 216 mn viewers in India Succeed to improve the world, Azim Premji asks staffers Automation, digitisation bigger disruptors than Trump, note ban: Sikka [ more ] Opinion Why unemployment rate does not show the joblessness that journalists see Eicher Motors: Better placed than peers A cut in time Not by caste alone Ajai Shukla: Half-term report card on defence [ more ] Latest News From GST Council meet to Brazil prison riot: 5 key developments Salman Khan, Akshay Kumar, Karan Johar join hands for 2018 film Union Home Ministry submits report to EC on Manipur Aleem Dar becomes most experienced umpire in cricket history Man who hacked Kareena Kapoor's IT e-filing account arrested [ more ] Today's Paper Tata Steel takes the start-up route for scale-up Teaser loans are back in SBI's armory Credit growth to improve after rate cut, says SBI Manufacturing hits slow lane Succeed to improve the world, Azim Premji asks staffers [ more ] News you can use Your Money: Customers on base rate should shift to MCLR Here's how borrowers will benefit from falling interest rates 2017: Looking forward: Weigh your investment thematically Demonetisation impact on consumer: Dial D for demoralisation Your Money: Revision of returns can come under scrutiny [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TK5XOL Home Year End Specials Demonetisation Today's Paper Top Stories Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad S.Korea fines Qualcomm $854 mln for violating competition laws By Reuters Published: 13:53 EST, 28 December 2016 | Updated: 13:53 EST, 28 December 2016 e-mail By Se Young Lee and Stephen Nellis SEJONG, South Korea/SAN FRANCISCO, Dec 28 (Reuters) - South Korea's antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm Inc 1.03 trillion won ($854 million) for what it called unfair business practices in patent licensing and modem chip sales, a decision the U.S. chipmaker said it will challenge in court. The fine, the largest ever levied in South Korea, marks the latest antitrust setback for Qualcomm's most profitable business of licensing wireless patents to the mobile industry, at a time when the business is facing headwinds from a cooling smartphone market. Shares in Qualcomm fell 1.7 percent on Nasdaq. The Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) ruled on Wednesday Qualcomm abused its dominant market position and forced handset makers to pay royalties for an unnecessarily broad set of patents as part of sales of its modem chips. Qualcomm also restricted competition by refusing or limiting licensing of its standard essential patents related to modem chips to rival chipmakers such as Intel Corp, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and MediaTek Inc, the regulator said, hindering their sales and leaving their products vulnerable to lawsuits. The regulator ordered Qualcomm to negotiate in good faith with rival chipmakers on patent licensing and renegotiate chip supply agreements with handset makers if requested -- measures that would affect the U.S. firm's dealings with major tech companies including Apple Inc, Intel, Samsung and Huawei Technologies Co Ltd if upheld. The KFTC said it began its investigations into Qualcomm's practices in 2014 following complaints from industry participants, but did not name specific companies. Foreign companies including Apple, Intel, MediaTek and Huawei expressed their views during the regulator's deliberation process, KFTC Secretary General Shin Young-son told a media briefing in the country's administrative capital. "We investigated and decided on these actions because Qualcomm's actions limit overall competition," Shin said, adding that the ruling was not about protecting domestic companies such as Samsung and LG Electronics Inc. Qualcomm said it will file for an immediate stay of the corrective order and appeal the decision to the Seoul High Court. The firm will also appeal the amount of the fine and the method used to calculate it. "Qualcomm strongly disagrees with the KFTC's announced decision," it said in a statement. The decision in Seoul could mean lower costs for mobile phone makers and others in the tech supply chain who source Qualcomm chips, said a Taiwanese industry executive, declining to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter. IN REGULATORY CROSSHAIRS The fine is the latest in a series of antitrust rulings and investigations faced by Qualcomm from regulators across the globe. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. Stacy Rasgon, an analyst with AB Bernstein, said the fine itself was large but also said the KFTC's orders for Qualcomm to alter its business practices have bigger future implications for the chipmaker. A major challenge for Qualcomm, he said, would emerge if the ruling forces the company to license patents for some of its chips to rivals such as Intel, which has been competing hard to land its modem chips in mobile phones. The dispute could take years to play out in South Korean courts, he said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm 273 billion won in 2009 for abusing its dominant position in CDMA modem chips, which were then used in handsets made by Samsung and LG. Regulators in other jurisdictions, including the United States and Taiwan, are also investigating Qualcomm. The KFTC move could serve as a benchmark for some of them. "Korea's decision will serve as an important reference point for us," Chiu Yung-ho, vice chairman and spokesman for Taiwan's Fair Trade Commission, told Reuters. He gave no timeline on when Taiwan's own year-long investigation would be concluded. Even if the Korean decision sets a precedent for regulatory proceedings in other countries, Qualcomm's move to purchase chipmaker NXP Semiconductors for $38 billion cuts its reliance on mobile phones, said Bill Kreher, an analyst with Edward Jones. NXP takes Qualcomm into the fast-growing market for automotive chips and puts it into the chip manufacturing business. "The strategy of diversifying the company's business lines may prove to be the most prudent strategy of all," Kreher said. "Since Qualcomm has moved its dependence from royalties, further decisions from other countries such as the U.S. in the future would not impact the company much, relative to in the past." Shares of Qualcomm were down $1.16 to $66.09 in early afternoon trade. ($1 = 1,206.4700 won) (Reporting by Se Young Lee; Additional reporting by Hyunjoo Jin in SEOUL, J.R. Wu in TAIPEI, Stephen Nellis in SAN FRANCISCO and Rishika Sadam in BENGALURU; Editing by Peter Henderson, Muralikumar Anantharaman and Andrea Ricci) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Jack Branning is left devastated on EastEnders after discovering wife Ronnie has drowned... as fans are left in tears by the Mitchell sisters' death  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes sweet twins Vivienne and Knox and daughter Shiloh for ice cream during Colorado ski trip... without Brad Susanna Reid, 46, is flooded with compliments as she bravely posts barefaced 'blemishes, lines and flaws' selfie next to filtered make-up snap Are you wheel-y sure you want to do that, Wiggo? Bradley Wiggins signs up for The Jump... days after retiring from professional cycling Hope he's insured Daisy Lowe looks scorching in a pale pink cutaway bikini as she flaunts her Strictly weight loss on Miami beach Looks stunning Daisy Lowe shows off her kooky sense of style on holiday as she pairs a skimpy white bikini with trainers She seemed in particularly high spirits 'I lost half a stone in two weeks eating M&S ready meals!' We challenged two women to try what might be the easiest diet EVER! SPONSORED Bella Thorne flaunts pert derriere in a tiny bikini on holiday in the Bahamas... and even covers herself in body glitter Absolutely stunning 'Losing a child never leaves you': Kym Marsh admits Corrie stillbirth was 'heartbreaking' eight years after losing own baby - as she poses with daughter Polly, five 'He's not bothered': Michelle Keegan insists husband Mark Wright is unfazed by steamy sex scenes... after admitting they 'talk through' her roles Can Mel and Sue keep Ant and Dec from 16th TV Presenter of the Year gong? Departing Bake Off favourites leave on a high as they lead National Television Awards nominations PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie hits the slopes with her kids during Colorado ski trip... as she enjoys NYE getaway in wake of Brad Pitt split  Doutzen Kroes displays model figure in cropped top and tiny shorts while hitting beach in Miami with family Looking ssssexy! TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in snakeskin swimsuit as she continues to wow during Dubai break 'The hard grafting has paid off'! MIC's Louise Thompson poses in a nude bikini... before being launched into the air by her burly beau Ryan in the Maldives PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wild thing Daisy Lowe wears her leopard-print bra to the beach as she cosies up to handsome mystery man on the beach in Miami Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted heading into a marijuana dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her Times Square meltdown  Trouble in paradise? Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 'had a red carpet argument' at her Lion premiere in Sydney just days before dancing up a storm on stage on NYE Rich Kids of Instagram's Lana Scolaro loses her bikini top on sunshine break in St Barts... after shooting to fame with THAT Robin Thicke snap EastEnders star Samantha Womack sparks Twitter frenzy as she tweets about enjoying a swim... just hours after her character drowned  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Shirtless former Strictly pro Gleb Savchenko displays his rippling abs as he packs on the PDA with wife Elena on Miami beach 'I'm gonna smash it!' Lauren Goodger slips into lingerie for pre-weight loss selfie before filming derriere during workout... as she vows to regain her 'big butt' in 2017 Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick put on a united front in Aspen as they pose on their private jet They split up in summer 2015 'Need a decorator's number?' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson is inundated with interior advice from fans after they're left shocked by her Instagram snap Wat-son your screen, Dr? Sherlock viewers left scratching their heads by epic blunder... as series return draws in best audience of New Year's Day Full of 1940s intrigue and sex, Halcyon is Downton if the butler had an evil streak! As ITV unveils its wartime blockbuster, our critic CHRISTOPHER STEVENS is gripped Downton Abbey in a hotel - with jazz, Nazis, and a less handsome Night Manager who stuck to his day job... The Halcyon was not a place you'd want to stay, by JIM SHELLEY X Factor runner-up Rebecca Ferguson 'graciously accepts' invitation to sing at  inauguration of Donald Trump... if she can perform track protesting against racism The pathologist's corpses were more lifelike than this twaddle: Christopher Stevens reviews last night's TV  Always looks like she's on her way to an awards Fit couple! Mark Wahlberg shows off sculpted body while wife Rhea Durham is red hot in bikini on holiday in Barbados Super buff Still on! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, enjoys romantic New Year's Eve stroll with boyfriend Darren Aronofsky, 47 Looked like a picture-perfect couple Lizzie Cundy, 46, negotiates risqué red swimsuit while throwing herself enthusiastically into beachside ball games during Maldives getaway Star in stripes: Natalie Portman keeps it comfortable in patterned top and hoodie while on morning walk in LA Appeared quite far along as she stepped out Strictly's Janette Manrara flaunts taut physique in skimpy pink bikini as she joins co-star fiancé Alja korjanec and his ex-dance partner Daisy Lowe on Miami beach Burr-illiant! Vlogger Tanya debuts new bob and shows off enviable curves in animal print swimsuit during idyllic holiday in the Maldives Lucky woman 'It was definitely the most traumatic year of my life': Charlotte Crosby reveals she is glad 2016 is over... after ectopic pregnancy and split from Gaz Beadle Calum Best touches down in London ahead of rumoured Celebrity Big Brother stint... where he is set to reunite with former flame Bianca Gascoigne The look of love! Margot Robbie beams as she arrives back in LA with new husband Tom Ackerley... after tying the knot in secret ceremony in Australia Newly-engaged Serena Williams flashes her ring as she steps out with her Reddit co-founder fiance Alexis Ohanian in New Zealand Proposed last week All tied up! TOWIE;s Kate Wright sizzles in plunging bondage inspired khaki bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai  On a girls' break  Avert your eyes! Braless Lisa Appleton, 48, leaves NOTHING to the imagination in raunchy lace dress during wild night out in Manchester Nicola McLean, Spencer Pratt and Stevi Ritchie arrive at their hotel as they prepare to make their Celebrity Big Brother return for all star series Izabel Goulart flaunts her supermodel figure in TINY crochet bikini as she frolics on the beach in St Barts  Every inch the Brazilian bombshell  Bonding time! Nicola Peltz rocks a black bikini as she hugs her brother Will on family holiday together In an idyllic Instagram photo Margot Robbie stuns in a leopard print one piece as she cosies up to new husband Tom Ackerley at the beach with friends... after secretly tying the knot Newly-single Katie Waissel hits Miami beach with another male pal in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Keeping her on her toes! Chrissy Teigen shows off legs in LBD as she does impressive plié while carrying baby Luna Impressive skills Pregnant Rochelle Humes flaunts her blossoming baby bump in chic black swimsuit in the Maldives before sharing a bath with daughter Alaia-Mai 'Time to start a new year being happy, healthy and ambitious': Katie Price praises husband Keiran Hayler and kids as she vows to give up alcohol Love's young dream: Elle Fanning enjoys giggly lunch date with boyfriend Dylan Beck The 18-year-old couldn't control her laughter while in a black jumpsuit MIC's Frankie Gaff shares racy belfie as she and Jamie Laing pack on the PDA during break in Dubai... leaving their relationship woes firmly behind them 'Private pool suits me just fine!' Ashley Graham shows off her hourglass curves in racy white swimsuit as she takes a dip in the Seychelles Susan Sarandon's daughter Eva Amurri Martino reveals baby son suffered a cracked skull after a night nurse dropped him Now battling depression New year, new nails! Tobey Maguire's ex Jennifer Meyer makes manicure her priority at start of 2017 She dressed in ripped jeans Billie Lourd breaks her silence with moving tribute to mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds The 24-year-old actress posted a picture Sara Sampaio flaunts her trim figure and pert posterior in pretty print swimsuit as she enjoys a sunbathing session on Mexican holiday Positively heaven sent  Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell suffer ANOTHER grisly fate in alternate ending for EastEnders New Year episode... after fans praise the duo's exit  Stella McCartney covers up in a floaty kaftan as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with husband Alasdhair Willis in St Barts Festive family trip  Fifi Box's ex Grant Kenny 'devastated' after the actress 'spends the night' with her Neighbours co-star and new love Damien Richardson  Reunited! Julianne Hough goes makeup free in an adorable family selfie with fiancé Brooks Laich and their fur babies Lexi and Harley Bianca Gascoigne shows off her ample assets in orange sequin bikini as she hits the water in sunny Mexico ahead of her Celebrity Big Brother debut Rebecca Romijn flaunts rock hard abs at 44 while on holiday with husband Jerry O'Connell and twin daughters Rebecca Romijn had no problems showing it off 'He said I was a lousy lay': A victim of Tony Curtis's vile gossip, in her own words, how screen legend DEBBIE REYNOLDS was abused in Hollywood   Happy New Rear! Danielle Lloyd showcases her toned curves in a red-hot swimsuit as she soaks up some winter sun in Dubai Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her legs in red playsuit as fellow EOTB newbie Zara Jackson gets racy in lace on a night out in Manchester She's red hot! Gwen Stefani unveiled as new face of Revlon  Her trademark bright red lipstick was in evidence as she was named brand ambassador Gemma Oaten displays her taut abs in steamy New Year's underwear selfie as she puts dramatic romance with presenter Nick Knowles behind her Two weeks to go! Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after their last family vacation aboard Air Force One Saw his grandad's grave Taking a gamble on love? Jennifer Lopez and Drake hit high-roller tables in Vegas together after she supports him at NYE gig At MGM Grand casino Celebrity Big Brother tipped to be the 'sexiest yet' as show bosses make smaller beds to 'encourage intimacy' between housemates Starts this week Down she goes! Josie Gibson winces in pain as she takes a tumble on her skis during practice session for new series of injury-stricken show The Jump Pregnant Ciara posts cute photos of her baby bump as she rings in 2017 with her growing family Expecting her second child  Coffee date! Vanessa Hudgens rocks cropped sweater and extremely tight trousers during outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Both in Studio City  'He really wanted to be in the movie': Robin Williams was turned down for iconic Hagrid role in Harry Potter franchise because he wasn't British Unlikely pals Tallia Storm, 18, and Chris Evans, 50, enjoy beach day as they see in the New Year with their families in Barbados Firm friendship Patrick Schwarzenegger hits pool as he takes girlfriend Abby Champion on family holiday in Mexico with Maria Shriver Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she blamed on faulty earpiece  'The loneliness became desperate': Kate Bush describes 'cruel' bullying during her teenage years at Catholic girls' school in newly resurfaced essay Hilary Duff parades her toned pins in skimpy bikini bottoms as she tries her hand at surfing during New Year's break to Hawaii Surf's up New year, old pals! Jonah Hill and Michael Cera enjoy low-key Superbad reunion ten years on  Enjoyed a stroll in SoHo district of Manhattan Bernie Ecclestone, 86, and wife Fabiana Flosi, 38, explore Gstaad as they ring in the New Year with the family in Switzerland Winter wonderland  Frances Bean Cobain's battle to get ex to return her late father Kurt Cobain's priceless guitar is heading for a multi-million dollar court case Just another day in paradise! MIC's Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey show off toned beach bodies as they enjoy a snorkel trip in the Maldives 'I'm heartbroken': Fans devastated by Sherlock episode as Amanda Abbington takes a bullet after her real-life split from on-screen husband Martin Freeman Conor McGregor looks sharp in suit at sister Aoife's wedding in Ireland... as the UFC superstar continues to enjoy his break from the octagon Nude ambition! Kady McDermott goes underwear-free in slinky salmon dress as she attends Love Island party with leggy Rachel Fenton Billie Piper goes incognito in oversized denim jacket during casual stroll in London... as ex-husband Laurence Fox talks first Christmas alone Newly-single Katie Waissel cosies up to a mystery man in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Marriage lasted a year 'Jumping into 2017 like': Karlie Kloss bares flat midriff in bikini as she leaps into the Caribbean In the celebrity haven on St Barths Feeling fruity! Lucy Watson shows off her Barbados tan in a mismatched bikini as she kicks back on inflatable pineapple with shirtless beau James Lauren Goodger parties with jailbird boyfriend's sister for New Year's Eve as she vows to quit booze for a month Getting close to 'in-laws' In the swim! Naomi Watts enjoys the warm waters off Cancun with sons during New Year's family getaway The actress, 48, donned a turquoise swimsuit 'Guess you f****d my missus!' Jeremy McConnell accused of sleeping with a fan's girlfriend... as pregnant ex Stephanie Davis prepares for due date That's what girlfriends are for! Katie Salmon helps new squeeze Dani avoid an embarrassing nip slip as they put on a loved-up display in Manchester Georgia May Jagger rocks wild leopard print lingerie and sparkling bling as she writhes around in bed for LOVE's Video Advent A walk on the wild side  Hilary Duff shows off her toned torso in a bikini as she larks around with son Luca in the Hawaii surf The tot held his famous mother's hand CHRISTOPHER STEVENS: Sherlock's now so clever-clever, it's stupid  The Mail's critic pans the New Year's Day special and awards it one star 'It's not a set thing': Ben Affleck won't direct his Batman standalone if it doesn't come together to his liking The 44-year-old actor is picky about his projects Glowing Holly Willoughby looks sun-kissed as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with shirtless husband Dan Baldwin in Barbados She sings! Gisele Bundchen performs sweet track while strumming the guitar by pool in new video Clearly a woman of many talents  Ex On The Beach's Jemma Lucy flashes her pert derriere in skimpy purple T-shirt... after going totally NAKED in saucy sunbed selfie Making resolutions! Rob Kardashian works up a sweat on a two-hour trek with Blac Chyna... days after health scare left him hospitalised George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying star had tried to kill himself many times  Newly single Bella Thorne enjoys NYE smooch with model pal Kyra Santoro as she rings in 2017 with her girlfriends in the Bahamas Lea Michele lays her naked ambition bare as she poses for racy New Year snap Completely nude except for an animated frond pasted over her derrière Now that's one way to RING in the New Year! Ashley Greene flaunts her engagement bling as she celebrates 2017 in Sydney with new fiancé Paul Khoury Lisa Snowdon, 44, showcases her ample assets as she slips into a plunging blue bikini in saucy throwback snap from Down Under Bikini babe  'Get your happy a**es home!': Kim Zolciak misses daughter Brielle Biermann and beau Michael Kopech as they enjoy getaway in Niagara Falls Shameless actress Tina Malone calls in police after abuse from Twitter trolls body-shaming her for weight loss Shameless star 'upset' 'The best way to start 2017': Jessica Alba soaks up the sun in a bikini as she and her daughters celebrate the New Year on Hawaiian beach Meghan the budding star: Actress poses for series of publicity photos after landing a role in daytime TV show 13 years before she met Prince Harry  'Stand strong and move forward!' Nicole Scherzinger flaunts her phenomenal bikini body as she shares her New Year's resolve from Hawaii 'Men think they are there for pleasure': Alicia Douvall says her bum implants have ruined her sex life... and is undecided about ditching leaking lifts Jeremy Clarkson's VERY racy party girls: Grand Tour star is pictured with a host of society's most eligible women at New Year's Eve party  Lizzie Cundy, 46, shows off her tanned and toned figure in sizzling cut-out monokini as she hits the beach during idyllic Maldives getaway Mariah Carey kisses Bryan Tanaka in preview clip of reality show after he pops out of cake and gives lap dance Preview of her new show Ashley James flaunts her enviably toned abs in series of sizzling skimpy bikinis as she soaks up the sun during exotic break in Gambia Iconic duo Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell meet 'sad but beautiful' end on EastEnders as they drown in New Year's Day special Fans praised acting Tired of the beach? Covered up Ashley Olsen, 30, caresses shirtless beau Richard Sachs, 58, during trail hike in St. Barts This is the life 'Boy crazy!' Ellen Pompeo cradles her newborn son Eli as she dances around her kitchen Became a mum for the third time in December Steps girls Claire Richards, Faye Tozer and Lisa Scott Lee amp up the glamour in glittering ensembles as the band reunite for NYE gig at London's G-A-Y 'Happiest New Year!' Bella Hadid shares selfie blowing on party horn as she rings in 2017 with Kendall Jenner and Jordyn Woods 'Sad when bae leaves': Ariel Winter, 18, pouts over absent Levi Meaden,29... after ringing in New Year with a kiss Sulky Snapchat  Would you dare to wear a FIDDLER CAP? Bella Hadid signals that the formerly naff accessory is making an unlikely comeback for 2017  'Counting my blessings': Karlie Kloss winks as she shows off her famous figure in black bikini in St Barts Showing off her model body Rogue One takes $64M over New Year weekend to become the US's second highest grossing film of 2016... as Disney sweeps year-end top three Chip off the old block! Brooklyn Beckham theatrically dives from boat as holiday break in Maldives continues He's got skills! 'Bodies of every size': Lena Dunham bares cleavage in lingerie for New Year's Day photo-shoot Sending a message with racy shot 'Partner in life!' Rachel Zoe and Rodger Berman share NYE kiss as they celebrate 25 years together Midnight smooch They tied the knot! UnREAL cco-stars Johanna Braddy and Freddie Stroma start 2017 as newlyweds They had been dating since meeting in 2015 'Nose problems': Marco Pierre White Jr shares second horrifying nosebleed in days on Snapchat... after hinting they were caused by drug use If you've got it... Chloe Ferry flashes her derriere as she joins the scantily-clad Geordie Shore girls for raucous NYE pool party at Charlotte Crosby's lavish mansion Hard day's twerk! Bella Thorne dances on the back of a truck in the Bahamas Spent a bit of New Year's Day twerking on a stationary truck  'I love my man!' Jessica Simpson shares sultry couple shot with husband Eric Johnson New Year, same handsome beau Bod Jovi! Shirtless Jon Bon Jovi, 54, shows off his impressive physique as he goes for a dip in St Barths It seems he has looked good, always '1st selfie of the new year!' Ciara shares a picture of her growing bump as she supports her man at NFL game Nw baby on the way in 2017 Andrew Garfield cheers on the Los Angeles Lakers courtside as awards season looms for Hacksaw Ridge star Sports fan Victoria's Secret stunner Bridget Malcolm flashes underboob as she poses TOPLESS on a disco ball to celebrate 2017 in sexy Playboy shoot 'I wish everyone this kind of love!' Kelly Clarkson plants a kiss on son Remington for New Year's greeting Gave birth on April 12, 2016 'They're perky!': Cynthia Bailey takes RHOA castmates to her breast exam... and lets them squeeze her implants Could never be accused of being shy  Check out My Lean physique! Busty Myleene Klass flaunts her famed bikini body in TINY two-piece during festive family Sri Lanka trip She looked incredible Trying to impress? Ansel Elgort enjoys a shirtless workout... as girlfriend Violetta Komyshan looks on Enjoyed a productive New Year's Day Party time! Kendall Jenner steps out in black negligee while Hailey Baldwin stuns in white mini dress as the pals celebrate New Year's Eve in Hollywood Revealed: Jennifer Lopez quietly turned up to support her new beau Drake at his NYE show in Las Vegas The 47-year-old showed her support Living it up! Jamie Foxx welcomes the new year with a boy's night in Miami Hit 1 Hotel in the South Beach neighbourhood  'This isn't a baby, it's just food': Newly-slim Scarlett Moffatt says friends asked if she was PREGNANT at her heaviest... as she admits she couldn't bare to look at herself naked Jeremy McConnell kisses mystery blonde in steamy NYE clinch... days before anniversary of CBB romance with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis Norman Cook returns home from NYE gig in Italy after a lonely Christmas following split from Zoe Ball... while she celebrates six months of sobriety Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth coos over their giggling son Freddie in old family videos... as she reveals that their baby has taken his first steps Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off natural beauty as well as her famously enhanced assets in racy swimsuit selfie at luxurious London spa Kordell Stewart sends ex Porsha Williams a cease and desist letter after nude video of him is leaked on internet The former NFL star has threatened legal action 'It was like when we first got together': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington admits it was 'weird' revisiting parenting onscreen with now ex Martin Freeman James Corden's wife Julia Carey showcases her incredible physique in chic scalloped swimsuit as they enjoy Barbados sun on festive family jaunt Men only! Geordie Shore's Ricci has BANNED GIRLS from his Instagam account to avoid 'celeb hungry' dates Good luck stalking him! Well, one has to start somewhere! Crown star Claire Foy is seen starring in BBC soap Doctors in her first TV role Got a bit part in 2008 A dip in the (Car)pool! Doting daddy James Corden larks around with son Max on Barbados shore during idyllic New Year getaway A sweet display 'Sun always shines on the righteous': Ring-free Katie Waissel takes thinly-veiled swipe at 'second ex-husband Brian after split' as she turns to CBB co-star Renee Graziano in Miami 'I want my body back!' Vicky Pattison shares titillating swimsuit selfie as she vows to kick 10lbs and cut back on alcohol in the new year Looked smoking hot MTV bad girl Jemma Lucy continues to stun as she goes totally NAKED in sunbed selfie... after simulating sex act in shock Snapchat clip Ex On The Beach star Naomi Campbell, 46, shows off her incredibly ageless physique in barely-there bikini as she rings in 2017 with blissful beach break Still absolutely stunning  'If I'm feeling unsafe, I won't go out': Corrie's Kevin Kennedy reveals the resonating restraints of his alcoholism after 18 years sober 'Do you know what, just pee on the floor':  Rita Ora claims she 'lost thousands on investment into festival urinating device'... as probe into £2.3million fraud swindle rages on Back to cause Big Bother? Divisive Spencer Pratt appears to confirm rumoured CBB return with wife Heidi as he documents boozy arrival in UK 'How we started 2017!' Proud David Beckham shares sweet snap of his family from glamorous beach party in the Maldives... as the stars ring in 2017 'I've felt better': Louis Tomlinson welcomes 2017 with a hungover selfie as he prepares for a new year after his mother's tragic passing Looked worse for wear 'You'd have to be thick to think you'd pose with your dead nan': Geordie Shore fans leap to the defence of grieving Chloe Ferry after she deletes picture with her ailing grandmother  Spice up your NYE! Victoria Beckham joins Mel C on stage to sing their hit tune 2 Become 1 during Maldives celebrations...after snubbing recent band reunion Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly shows off endless legs beneath slashed jumpsuit as they join his Love Island star twin Scott to ring in 2017 'Mariah's meltdown: Diva botches NYE lip-sync performance and STORMS OFF Times Square stage while crying into mic: 'I wanted a holiday too. Can't I just have one?'  Millie Mackintosh and Hugo Taylor pack on the PDA during blissful break in South Africa...as the bikini-clad beauty displays some painful looking sunburn on her pert posterior Oh no, normal people! Robbie Williams is caught on camera applying hand sanitiser after singing Auld Lang Syne - and looking suitably disgusted  She's got that Super Bass! Katie Price channels rapper Nicki Minaj for NYE bash in buxom bodysuit and hot pink bikini...as she toasts to last night drinking for a year PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Holly Willoughby flashes her fabulous figure in powder blue kaftan during family beach day with husband Daniel Baldwin in Barbados Oozing star quality! Alexa Chung is the belle of the ball in intricate head piece as she toasts the New Year at NYC masquerade ball Fancy dress This is the life! Lauryn Goodman shows off her curves in racy striped bikini as she soaks up the sunshine in Mykonos Lazy sunbathing session Jake Gyllenhaal maintains his toned physique with a New Year's Eve run while on holiday in St. Barts  He surely deserved a vacation Such a cheeky boy! Usher posts photo of 'bonita' wife Grace's bottom as they welcome the New Year in a hot tub Gerard Depardieu displays his portly frame as he strips off his shirt during a hot and sweaty rehearsal for his stage show in Buenos Aires Seas the day! Lizzie Cundy, 46, flaunts her taut stomach and ample cleavage in plunging bikini as she celebrates the New Year in the Maldives Abbey Clancy displays her peachy posterior and lean limbs in a racy high-waist swimsuit as she poses for sun-soaked photoshoot Hitting the beach 'Bad and boujee!' Larsa Pippen showcases her enviable figure in revealing bikini aboard river cruise  Was the display for the benefit of Scottie? Family meal-a! Mila Kunis stocks up on food with hubby Ashton Kutcher and newborn son Dimitri ahead of NYE Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him' Make-up free Nicole Scherzinger displays her sensational beach body in a sun-soaked Hawaiian selfie Shared a stunning bikini-clad selfie from a beach  Well that's one way to worship the sun! Lady Victoria Hervey looks radiant in a vibrant floral maxi dress as she offers her palms to the sky in Barbados Ashley Graham whips off her bikini to pose topless while enjoying sunshine holiday She marked the first day of 2017 with a topless selfie in The Seychelles  Transgender model Hari Nef sizzles in slinky purple gown as she sings sultry cover of Blue Velvet for Love's video advent Single and ready to mingle! Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson mends broken heart with girls' NYE night out with bodysuit clad pal Chloe Ferry Daring look  Fans outraged as fake Cheryl Twitter account 'confirms' pregnancy...after the singer shares heartfelt New Year's Instagram selfie 'She made disgusting and explicit propositions to my boyfriend': Woman slams Katie Price as she claims her infamous Christmas party flirtations almost caused relationship split  'Hello 2017': Ed Sheeran promises new music in five days' time... as he appears on social media for the first time in 57 weeks Put paid to speculation  The Angels have arrived! Victoria's Secret models Jasmine Tookes, Romee Strijd and Lais Ribeiro sizzle in tiny bikinis while on holiday in Brazil Frankie Essex shows off her toned and tanned figure in racy halter-neck swimsuit and tiny denim shorts as she celebrates two stone weight loss with New Years break Twice as nice! Models Doutzen Kroes and Joan Smalls put on a bikini display as they meet up on Miami Beach Nice view 'The 4 things that I love the most': Madonna spends New Year with son Rocco Ritchie and his siblings as they ring in 2017 together with family ski trip after strained 2016 Kelly Brook flaunts her ample cleavage and toned stomach in a pink printed bikini for sizzling shoot Phenomenal figure 'My life changed forever!' Coco Austin shares snap of the moment she met Ice-T 16 years ago as they celebrate wedding anniversary at New Year's Eve bash Justin Bieber rings in 2017 with medley of hits during poolside performance at historic Fontainebleau Miami Beach He did it in styke '2017 here we go!' Joanna Krupa gets cheeky with a pretty pal as they ring in the New Year in their bikinis Beach babes Fifty Shades Darker teases more steamy sex scenes with new TV ad The 32-second clip features the film's stars in unseen footage. Chloe Khan puts on a VERY busty display as she slips into a sexy bunny costume for eye-popping selfie  Saucy Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her blossoming baby bump in a little black dress as she celebrates NYE in the Maldives  Seven months pregnant  Cheeky in Chelsea! Louise Thompson posts racy topless snap before flaunting her enviable abs in a sizzling red bikini from the sun-soaked Maldives Chloe Green suns herself in Miami as her dad Sir Shifty is hoping for time away from BHS pension scandal  Hasn't missed out on topping up her tan Rise and shine! Bikini girl Hilary Duff embraces the new year with surf lesson in Hawaii While many around the world were nursing a hangover A plum start to 2017! Princess Mary rings in the new year dressed in a gold gown and deep purple cape as she joins Prince Frederik for annual banquet She's still got it! Jessica Hart admits she's 'blessed' and 'lucky' to still be modelling swimwear at 30 as she returns to Seafolly after five years Beautiful front and back! Ashley Graham posts rear view topless bikini pic as she enjoys tropical getaway Spending the New Year in The Seychelles SPOILER ALERT: Is Zak Dingle next to be killed in Emmerdale? Lisa Dingle discovers Cain's caravan on fire... with her ex-husband possibly inside 'Her tongue freaks me out!' Jessica Simpson's BFF CaCee Cobb posts silly selfie while celebrating New Year's Eve Sticking it out 'No better way to end 2016': Khloe Kardashian's ex Lamar Odom poses with his kids in first Instagram post since leaving rehab Erica Packer looks glam despite shoulder injury as she enjoys family holiday in St Barts... while her 'ex' Seal hits the ski slopes with Heidi Klum Shirtless Jake Gyllenhaal flaunts hunky physique as he joins bikini-clad pal Greta Caruso in exquisite waters during St. Barths break Blake Lively enjoys low-key New Year's Eve with her Sisterhood Of The Traveling Pants BFF Amber Tamblyn Besties since co-starring in the 2005 movie 'Wonder if I will be cold?' Kate Hudson braves a snowy NYE in Aspen in nothing but lingerie as she parties hard with pal Chelsea Handler Jesy Nelson shows off her ripped abs and ample cleavage as she rings in the New Year with a gal pal... as Jade Thirlwell celebrates with boyfriend Jed Elliott Head over heels! Izabel Goulart does cartwheels on the sand in St Barts Flawless figure and athletic prowess The X Factor's Honey G forgoes her signature hat and glasses as she gives rare glimpse at her face during NYE performance...after her debut single limps into the midweek chart at 149 Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian put on a united front as they celebrate New Year's Eve together... as she puts her engagement ring back on Jacqui Ryland flashes her underwear in a VERY daring sheer lace mini dress as she parties hard with pal on New Years Eve 'Feliz Año!' Shakira embraces her partner and sons for a festive New Year's message to her fans Out wth footballer Gerard Piqué Dish of the day! Neighbours star Olympia Valance looks to be NAKED while posing with a restaurant menu covering her body as she flashes the flesh on holiday in Bali I'm pregnant! Lauren Conrad reveals baby news with sweet sonogram picture on New Year's Day  First child Charlotte Dawson continues to flash giant diamond ring as she rings in 2017 with a passionate from boyfriend Matt Sarsfield... after sparking engagement rumours Adele and partner Simon Konecki are said to be 'planning a UK wedding after secretly becoming engaged in October' Now that's a Happy New Year! Khloe Kardashian kisses Tristan Thompson as they ring in 2017 together Pucker up Take That Gary! Simon Cowell calls in the lawyers over rival Barlow's new BBC 'X Factor imitation' talent show Let It Shine  That's one passionate midnight kiss! Miley Cyrus shares her New Year's cinch with fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and her mum Tish Blac Chyna shows off post-baby curves in a plunging dress as she heads out to celebrate New Year's Eve Got a lot on her plate Beach babe! Heather Graham, 46, flashes her long legs and toned midriff on trip to Miami with her boyfriend Endless legs 'All is as it should be!' Katy Perry dons surgical mask to see in the New Year with lover Orlando Bloom on Tokyo sidewalk Worried about germs? The No 1 lady detective's New Year resolutions: A truly delightful misadventure starring Precious, Botswana's top sleuth  Jasmine Lennard axed from CBB All Stars series 'for making anti-Muslim comments'... after being replaced by Jasmin Waltz before the show's debut Celebrate good times, c'mon! Amy Adams stocks up on alcohol ahead of New Year's Eve celebration  Party preparations She's smitten! Britney Spears shares cuddly snap after celebrating New Year with new love Sam Asghari The couple seem inseparable 'ISIS claims responsibility for Mariah Carey's performance': Social media mercilessly trashes diva for her epic New Year's Eve meltdown on Times Square stage Bradley Cooper heads out for healthy jog in LA while 'pregnant' girlfriend Irina Shayk spends New Year in her native Russia Settle down, ladies! Now Sheila Hancock, 83, shuns make-up: Actress reveals she didn't wear any during her latest film  She defied producers to be more 'real' on screen '2016 is almost over!' John Legend shares cute snap with Chrissy Teigen on his back as the couple spend New Year's Eve in St. Barts Photogenic couple Thatkiss Neverbeen! Jennifer Lawrence reveals she has never had a New Year's Eve kiss How can that be? 'Hey': Teen Kylie Jenner shows off her curves in green bra and panties as she takes last mirror selfie of 2016 The KUWTK star posed in her bathroom mirror Nicki Minaj shows off her ample assets in plunging silver jumpsuit as she rings in 2017 with Miami gig... after replacing Jennifer Lopez at the last minute 'One of the most eventful and exciting years of my life': Ivanka Trump pays tribute to 2016 as she celebrates New Year's Eve and Hanukkah with her husband and children  'Toddler headbutt!': Jason Biggs starts the New Year with a black eye from two-year-old son Sid He enjoyed his first day of 2017 with a shiner 'I've got so much sh*t on this girl!': Maria Fowler hits back at Danielle Lloyd in candid Snapchat video after the model retweeted a controversial message  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Olympian Sir Matthew Pinsent's wife is drafted in to boost Kate, William and Harry's charity Paid to instil a work ethic A rumble in the jungle, baby joy and THAT Beau Ryan 'affair': A look at how far Barry Hall and Lauren Brant have come as they prepare for 2017 'Girl power!' Naomi Watts rings in the new year as a single woman... with a bikini trip to Mexico   She's starting the new year as a single woman SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Maria Connor can barely look at lover Aidan as the jailbird comes face to face with him for the first time since he left her to fight alone in court 'Peace out 2016!' Jessica Alba ends the year exploring Hawaiian rainforests with her loved ones Katie Piper channels the eighties in wild leopard print costume as she attends New Year's Eve fancy dress party with husband Richard Sutton 'Golden New Year with the family!' Chris Hemsworth rings in 2017 with his wife Elsa Pataky, his brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Happy New Year from Hawaii... via Somerset: Peter Andre ushers in 2017 with wife Emily MacDonagh and his children at tropical themed party Bottoms up! Lady Victoria Hervey displays her enviably slender frame and peachy derriere in skimpy blue bikini as she tries her hand at paddle boarding in Barbados 'Cutest thing ever!' Nicole Kidman's surprise 'happy' dance at Keith Urban's NYE show in Nashville thrills fans... but leaves some asking if she's had a bit too much to drink Fergie and Hailee Steinfield flash the flesh in skin flaunting ensembles as they ring in 2017 in style on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve 'Thankful': Sofia Vergara looks incredible in strapless dress while vacationing in Bora Bora for husband Joe Manganiello's birthday 'Oh Jesus, this is the best fireworks show ever!' Scott Eastwood gets VERY excited during New Year's Eve celebrations in Sydney Harbour 'So glad 2017 is finally here': Iggy Azalea hoping for 'better vibe' in the New Year after 2016 saw ex-fiancé Nick Young cheat on her, X Factor flop, and Guy Sebastian brand her a 'weirdo' Having an auld lang fine time! Gwen Stefani locks lips with Blake Shelton as they enjoy family New Year's Eve Smooch We can be heroes! Nicole Kidman dances on stage beside hubby Keith Urban as he performs amazing New Year's tribute to 2016's fallen greats  Shanina Shaik sports a racy green dress as she supports DJ Ruckus at a New Year's Eve gig in Miami No stranger to sporting racy ensembles 'Let's do this!' Mariah Carey is carried to the stage by her beau Bryan Tanaka as she preps for New Year's Eve show in Times Square It must be true love! Kylie Jenner gets a lower-case T for Tyga tattoo'd on her ankle... her SIXTH inking so far New Years goals! Doutzen Kroes showcases killer bikini body as she cosies up to husband Sunnery James on beach in Cancun What a Dream day! Blac Chyna begins new year with Rob Kardashian and daughter after dramatic split 'You will survive': MAFS' Zoe Hendrix and Alex Garner reflect on an eventful 2016 which saw them welcome first child after heartbreaking miscarriage 'What a year it's been!': Kris Jenner kicks off New Year's Eve Instagram messages by sharing collage and acknowledging 2016 was rocky William Christopher, best known for his portrayal of Father Mulcahy on the hit 70s TV show M*A*S*H, dies of cancer at age 84 GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Pippa's family are trying to save the pennies as her wedding is set to cost a fortune  The family's online store has launched a sale. GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Star Wars Carrie and her TV hunt for Prince Harry She once led chat show host Graham Norton on a quest to find the Prince GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Heartache as sad Alice starts 2017... with divorce Alice Eve has formally separated from her husband GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Lovelorn Cara's LA dash to rekindle her romance Absence has made the heart grow fonder for supermodel  SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Ronnie Mitchell looks grim-faced at wedding to Jack Branning... before making dramatic exit from the show with troubled sister Roxy New Year's Eve party can really begin now - Usain Bolt's arrived! Sprinter flies into UK to celebrate his beloved Manchester United's victory by partying with goalscorer Paul Pogba 'I miss LA': Chloe Lattanzi admits she's homesick after moving from California to Oregon with her fiancé to start a marijuana farm business  'My dude is HOT': Miley Cyrus admires her fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend a New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and wife Elsa Pataky Ending the year on a bang! Reality star Courtney Stodden poses in white lace lingerie as she says 'bye 2016' The Price Is Right! Radio personality Steve Price 'will join Lisa Curry in the South African jungle for I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!' Victoria's Secret model Megan Williams displays her sensational beach body in a black bikini as she frolics in the ocean in St Barts with her boyfriend  Nicki Minaj displays ample cleavage in sexy Instagram post in wake of deadly shooting outside concert of on-again, off-again beau Meek Mill Emma Forbes, 51, shows off stunning figure in chic scalloped swimsuit as she heads to the beach in Barbados with husband Graham Clempson Denim darling! Jenna Dewan shows off her fit form in a black bodysuit with jeans and leopard print booties while out in LA Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Lenovo's popular ThinkPads speed up with Intel's Kaby Lake chips Lenovo's popular ThinkPads speed up with Intel's Kaby Lake chips Lenovo introduces ThinkPad Yoga 370, upgrades workhorse T-series, L-series and X-series laptops to Intel's Kaby Lake chips Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 28 December, 2016 16:25 - - - - print email Comments Lenovo is starting its CES party a bit early, announcing new and upgraded ThinkPad laptops and a 2-in-1 with Intel's new Kaby Lake chips and a slew of new features. The new ThinkPads are getting better screens, faster DDR4 memory and more storage capacity. Features like USB-C ports, optional LTE connectivity, precision touchpads and optional infrared cameras for Windows Hello are being offered across the ThinkPad X, L and T series. Lenovo also introduced the ThinkPad Yoga 370 2-in-1, which is the first model in the brand with a 13.3-inch HD screen and a Thunderbolt 3 port. The upgraded products are mainly workhorse ThinkPads, but Lenovo is also expected to separately announce flashier laptops and 2-in-1s at CES. Lenovo doesn't mess around with the design of mainstream ThinkPads, which have a strong following, but you can expect thinner and lighter laptops with longer battery life. The ThinkPad Yoga 370, which weighs 1.37 kilograms, will be available starting at $1,264 in March. The device turns into a tablet when you rotate the screen 360 degrees. It will include up to 1TB of SSD storage and 16GB of DDR4 RAM. In addition to Thunderbolt 3, it has two USB 3.0 ports, a MicroSD slot and an HDMI port. A cheaper option with a 13.3-inch screen is the ThinkPad 13, which comes with an HD screen and NVMe SSD storage. It will be available this month starting at $674. One upgrade in the popular X200 series is the ThinkPad X270, which has a 12.5-inch screen, and the same look and feel as its X260 predecessor, which has Skylake. The laptop has up to 16GB of DDR4 memory and up to 1TB of SSD or 2GB of hard-drive storage. It also has USB-C, HDMI, two USB 3.0, SD card and a SIM slot. It will be available in March starting at $909 with a 1366 x 768 pixel non-touch screen. The powerful ThinkPad T-series, which is a favorite among business buyers, stands out for its sleeker look. The screens have thinner borders and the laptops are smaller and lighter as a result.  The ThinkPad T470 (starting at $914, available in February) is available with or without an HD screen, while the T470p (starting at $1,049, available in March) and T470s (starting at $1,099, available in February) are available with screen resolutions up to 2560 x 1440 pixels. The laptops have a wide range of storage and memory options, but only the T470 has a Thunderbolt 3 port. For those who don't want integrated graphics, the T470p can be configured with Nvidia's N16S-GTR discrete graphics card, which is mainly designed for laptop workstations.. Lenovo's ThinkPad T570 is the most loaded laptop of the bunch, and can be configured with a 4K 15.6-inch touch display, Intel's superfast Optane memory, Nvidia's GeForce 940MX discrete graphics and up to 32GB of DRAM. It will be available in March starting at $909. It will weigh 2.04 kilograms, and can also be configured with a Snapdragon LTE modem. It will also include an HDMI slot, three USB 3.0 ports and one Thunderbolt 3 connector. The Continuum from Building to Buying your infrastructure More from Dell EMC Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags CES 2017 More about GeForceIntelLakeLenovoNvidia Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Ransomware Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation The Smarter, Faster Way to Move to Windows 10. Take Ctrl: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner. Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Account Delivery Lead NSW Change Coordinator ACT Change Manager l Port Macquarie NSW NSW Senior Projects Engineer | Systems Integration and IT Managed Services NSW Senior Application Specialist (Cerner) Other Senior C++ Software Engineer QLD Senior Business Analyst VIC Service Manager ACT Wordpress Developer VIC Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Vodafone Australia set to build inaugural cyber defence and response centre HPE embarks on internal investigation after ATO outage ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! CSO Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile It's 2017 and changing other people's flight bookings is incredibly easy What to do if your data is taken hostage Critical flaw in PHPMailer library puts millions of websites at risk Computerworld After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Corporate boards aren't prepared for cyberattacks Tips for new tech devices Software is eating the food world ARN ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? ​Big business supports Aussie tech but fails to give start-ups a fair go IT services chief faces court over union fraud allegations ​Overseas investor acquires Hemisphere Technologies What the govt’s IT outsourcing trend means for Aussie partners Techworld Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 How to hang on to Windows 7 for the long run The US has sanctioned Russia over election hacking New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile CMO Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 CMO’s top 16 marketing stories of 2016 How an Australian tech company won licensing rights around Star Wars CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 21 December CMO interview: Taking test and learn marketing to the extreme at Expedia Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events Upcoming events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Deals Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Username Password Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Lenovo's ThinkPad T570 will have Intel's superfast Optane storage Lenovo's ThinkPad T570 will have Intel's superfast Optane storage The laptop will be one of the first PCs to run Intel's mysterious Optane memory Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 28 December, 2016 16:01 - - - - print email Distributors Australasian PC Distributors (APCD) Avnet Technology Solutions BMS Technology Dicker Data Impact Systems Technology Ingram Micro Australia Leader Computers Multimedia Technology Synnex XiT Distribution Comments Lenovo's ThinkPad T570 is a loaded laptop that boasts a range of whiz-bang technologies, but the ability to run Intel's secretive Optane memory stands out. When it ships in March, the T570 will be ready to run Intel's Optane, a new class of memory and storage that promises to be significantly faster than today's SSDs and DRAM. The T570 is the first laptop announced with support for Optane. Intel has not said when it will ship Optane memory, but the T570 has the hooks to support the technology. The T570 also can be configured with a 4K touch display, Nvidia's GeForce 940MX discrete graphics and up to 32GB of DRAM. The laptop is targeted at business users, but it could be a dream machine for enthusiasts. The 15.6-inch laptop will be available starting at $909 in March. It will have Intel's latest 7th Generation Core chips, code-named Kaby Lake. Intel will sell Optane -- which is based on technology called 3D Xpoint -- in the form of SSDs and DRAM modules. Intel has shown Optane SSDs running 10 times faster than conventional SSDs. But Optane isn't yet ready for prime time, as indicated by a closer look into the specification sheet for the T570 provided by Lenovo. It will serve mainly as secondary storage and for caching in the laptop. The Optane PCIe M.2 2242-S3 memory, which will be optional in the T570, will have a capacity of just 16GB, and it act as primary storage, but as temporary storage to speed up applications and games. Windows 10 PCs with Optane could boot up at lightning-fast speeds. In a way, the early Optane memory could reflect the way SSDs, which are faster than hard drives, were first used for caching in laptops. The SSDs had low storage capacity, and served as temporary storage to speed up PC boot and application load times.  Optane could be useful in gaming, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said last year. Parts of  games can be preloaded on Optane, and that could provide for a much faster gaming experience. The T570 can also be configured with a 2TB hard-drive or 1TB SSD storage. The ThinkPad T570 will weigh about 2.04 kilograms. It will have Thunderbolt 3 and HDMI ports, in addition to two USB 3.0 slots. It will have 802.11ac Wi-Fi, and can be configured with Qualcomm's Snapdragon LTE modem. Leader Computers and Ubiquiti partner to bring real wireless innovation to the Australian channel More from Leader Computers Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags CES 2017 Read next Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Channel Deals Com1 International MSI Cubi Mini-PC Read more ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Whether it be technology troubles, government conflicts or declining sales, 2016 has been a year to forget for some of the industry's biggest players. ARN examines the vendors who will forever look back on 2016 as an annus horribilis. Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 The channel pulled together as an industry to support those in need during the IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day in association with AC3. Held at St. Michael's Golf Club, and won by Team Arrow, the event raised $40,000, with all proceeds split between Ronald McDonald House and Saves Our Sons, who work tirelessly to help children in need. Gold sponsors on the day included Hewlett Packard Enterprise TS and HP, alongside sponsors, Arrow; Pure Storage; Synnex; Dicker Data; Tribeca Living; Fortinet; rhipe; Dell EMC; Eaton; Nimble Storage; Datto and Hemisphere Technologies.​ Photos by Maria Stefina. Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise Nutanix recently took to the seas for a Christmas Cruise around Sydney Harbour with its Australia and New Zealand staff, customers and partners to celebrate a stellar year for the vendor. With the sun out, they were all smiles and mingled over drinks and food. Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise iasset.com is a channel management ecosystem that automates all major aspects of the entire sales, marketing and service process, including data tracking, integrated learning, knowledge management and product lifecycle management. Related Whitepapers How to Plan For Disaster Recovery Build vs. Buy: Calculate the TCO of BDR D-Link Case Study: Simple and Scalable Network Solutions for Medical Professionals and Visiting Clients How to Sell Disaster Recovery Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ​Hemisphere Technologies - A next-generation approach to distribution   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 11:15AM ​Smartphone battleground shifts as virtual personal assistants accelerate 05:00AM Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' 03:18AM Millennials push for public cloud, innovation Dec 30 ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? More News Top 50 defining moments of the Australian channel in 2016 ​2016: The year that was for Aussie end-users 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017
Computerworld Lenovo's popular ThinkPads speed up with Intel's Kaby Lake chips News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Lenovo's popular ThinkPads speed up with Intel's Kaby Lake chips Lenovo introduces ThinkPad Yoga 370, upgrades workhorse T-series, L-series and X-series laptops to Intel's Kaby Lake chips Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 28 December, 2016 16:25 - - - - print email Comments Lenovo is starting its CES party a bit early, announcing new and upgraded ThinkPad laptops and a 2-in-1 with Intel's new Kaby Lake chips and a slew of new features. The new ThinkPads are getting better screens, faster DDR4 memory and more storage capacity. Features like USB-C ports, optional LTE connectivity, precision touchpads and optional infrared cameras for Windows Hello are being offered across the ThinkPad X, L and T series. Lenovo also introduced the ThinkPad Yoga 370 2-in-1, which is the first model in the brand with a 13.3-inch HD screen and a Thunderbolt 3 port. The upgraded products are mainly workhorse ThinkPads, but Lenovo is also expected to separately announce flashier laptops and 2-in-1s at CES. Lenovo doesn't mess around with the design of mainstream ThinkPads, which have a strong following, but you can expect thinner and lighter laptops with longer battery life. The ThinkPad Yoga 370, which weighs 1.37 kilograms, will be available starting at $1,264 in March. The device turns into a tablet when you rotate the screen 360 degrees. It will include up to 1TB of SSD storage and 16GB of DDR4 RAM. In addition to Thunderbolt 3, it has two USB 3.0 ports, a MicroSD slot and an HDMI port. A cheaper option with a 13.3-inch screen is the ThinkPad 13, which comes with an HD screen and NVMe SSD storage. It will be available this month starting at $674. One upgrade in the popular X200 series is the ThinkPad X270, which has a 12.5-inch screen, and the same look and feel as its X260 predecessor, which has Skylake. The laptop has up to 16GB of DDR4 memory and up to 1TB of SSD or 2GB of hard-drive storage. It also has USB-C, HDMI, two USB 3.0, SD card and a SIM slot. It will be available in March starting at $909 with a 1366 x 768 pixel non-touch screen. The powerful ThinkPad T-series, which is a favorite among business buyers, stands out for its sleeker look. The screens have thinner borders and the laptops are smaller and lighter as a result.  The ThinkPad T470 (starting at $914, available in February) is available with or without an HD screen, while the T470p (starting at $1,049, available in March) and T470s (starting at $1,099, available in February) are available with screen resolutions up to 2560 x 1440 pixels. The laptops have a wide range of storage and memory options, but only the T470 has a Thunderbolt 3 port. For those who don't want integrated graphics, the T470p can be configured with Nvidia's N16S-GTR discrete graphics card, which is mainly designed for laptop workstations.. Lenovo's ThinkPad T570 is the most loaded laptop of the bunch, and can be configured with a 4K 15.6-inch touch display, Intel's superfast Optane memory, Nvidia's GeForce 940MX discrete graphics and up to 32GB of DRAM. It will be available in March starting at $909. It will weigh 2.04 kilograms, and can also be configured with a Snapdragon LTE modem. It will also include an HDMI slot, three USB 3.0 ports and one Thunderbolt 3 connector. Transforming Venues Through Digital Enterprise Practice More from Avaya Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags CES 2017 More about GeForceIntelLakeLenovoNvidia Editor's Recommendations Former CBA IT exec jailed for role in kickback scheme Data retention: Government consults on use of data in civil court action Vodafone to launch cyber security centre ATO commissions review after ‘worst unplanned outage in recent memory’ Microsoft’s Pip Marlow to join Suncorp ASX CIO Tim Thurman to return to Canada Read more Veeam Resources Centre Related Whitepapers Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner The Smarter, Faster Way to Move to Windows 10. Why Cloud Computing is the Future How to Stay Protected Against Ransomware Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Former Ericsson ANZ chief joins Telstra as CTO New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile Why Azure’s cloud chief believes Microsoft is in prime position In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
Computerworld Lenovo's ThinkPad T570 will have Intel's superfast Optane storage News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Lenovo's ThinkPad T570 will have Intel's superfast Optane storage The laptop will be one of the first PCs to run Intel's mysterious Optane memory Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 28 December, 2016 16:01 - - - - print email Comments Lenovo's ThinkPad T570 is a loaded laptop that boasts a range of whiz-bang technologies, but the ability to run Intel's secretive Optane memory stands out. When it ships in March, the T570 will be ready to run Intel's Optane, a new class of memory and storage that promises to be significantly faster than today's SSDs and DRAM. The T570 is the first laptop announced with support for Optane. Intel has not said when it will ship Optane memory, but the T570 has the hooks to support the technology. The T570 also can be configured with a 4K touch display, Nvidia's GeForce 940MX discrete graphics and up to 32GB of DRAM. The laptop is targeted at business users, but it could be a dream machine for enthusiasts. The 15.6-inch laptop will be available starting at $909 in March. It will have Intel's latest 7th Generation Core chips, code-named Kaby Lake. Intel will sell Optane -- which is based on technology called 3D Xpoint -- in the form of SSDs and DRAM modules. Intel has shown Optane SSDs running 10 times faster than conventional SSDs. But Optane isn't yet ready for prime time, as indicated by a closer look into the specification sheet for the T570 provided by Lenovo. It will serve mainly as secondary storage and for caching in the laptop. The Optane PCIe M.2 2242-S3 memory, which will be optional in the T570, will have a capacity of just 16GB, and it act as primary storage, but as temporary storage to speed up applications and games. Windows 10 PCs with Optane could boot up at lightning-fast speeds. In a way, the early Optane memory could reflect the way SSDs, which are faster than hard drives, were first used for caching in laptops. The SSDs had low storage capacity, and served as temporary storage to speed up PC boot and application load times.  Optane could be useful in gaming, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said last year. Parts of  games can be preloaded on Optane, and that could provide for a much faster gaming experience. The T570 can also be configured with a 2TB hard-drive or 1TB SSD storage. The ThinkPad T570 will weigh about 2.04 kilograms. It will have Thunderbolt 3 and HDMI ports, in addition to two USB 3.0 slots. It will have 802.11ac Wi-Fi, and can be configured with Qualcomm's Snapdragon LTE modem. The Continuum from Building to Buying your infrastructure More from Dell EMC Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags CES 2017 More about GeForceIntelLakeLenovoNvidiaQualcomm Editor's Recommendations Former CBA IT exec jailed for role in kickback scheme Data retention: Government consults on use of data in civil court action Vodafone to launch cyber security centre ATO commissions review after ‘worst unplanned outage in recent memory’ Microsoft’s Pip Marlow to join Suncorp ASX CIO Tim Thurman to return to Canada Read more Veeam Resources Centre Related Whitepapers Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner The Smarter, Faster Way to Move to Windows 10. Why Cloud Computing is the Future How to Stay Protected Against Ransomware Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Former Ericsson ANZ chief joins Telstra as CTO New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile Why Azure’s cloud chief believes Microsoft is in prime position In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> Laptops Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel Storage GPUs SSDs Motherboards CPUs NVIDIA Mobile Systems Home> Laptops Lenovo Updates The ThinkPad Lineup: New Models, Welcome Changes by Brett Howse on December 28, 2016 12:01 AM EST Posted in Laptops Lenovo ThinkPad 47 Comments | Add A Comment 47 Comments + Add A Comment Today Lenovo is announcing a refresh of most of its ThinkPad lineup, and although the model numbers have only changed a bit, there are some very welcome changes to the lineup as well. Since most of the lineup is just being refreshed, we’ll go over what’s new on a holistic level. Lenovo’s ThinkPad lineup is one of the most well known lineup of laptops around. They’ve been the business focused lineup in Lenovo’s laptop arsenal for some time, and the ThinkPad is a staple in many businesses and enterprises. For 2017, Lenovo has done a gentle retouch of most of the product lineup, brining about some new technology and other changes. The first big announcement is that Lenovo is launching Intel Optane caching drives on select ThinkPad models. We’ve followed the development of this new non-volatile storage solution for some time, and please check out the full write-up on this announcement of shipping 3D XPoint here. Due to the small storage capacity, these initial Optane M.2 drives will be used for HDD caching on several ThinkPad models, including the ThinkPad T470p, L470, L570, T470, and T570. Lenovo is also switching to the Microsoft Precision TouchPad drivers, for a more consistent experience across devices. This is certainly a welcome change, and it’s great to see more companies leverage this. Precision TouchPad is continuously being updated by Microsoft as well. The software side is only half of the story of course, but it’s a big part of the experience. Still on the software side, Lenovo is also switching the entire ThinkPad lineup for 2017 to a Windows 10 Signature Edition image. This is excellent news not only for the home user, who won’t have to deal with gratuitous software which was not always needed or welcome, but for business users this should allow for faster deployment as well, since a custom image may not be required at all. After some of the news stories over the last couple of years, it is excellent to see a company shipping Signature Edition images right out of the box for an entire product lineup, and we can only hope this expands to the rest of Lenovo’s laptops. On the hardware front, other than Optane, Lenovo is making a big push for USB-C and especially Thunderbolt 3. With the addition of this port, Lenovo is able to offer some new accessories to provide an easier docking solution than the traditional docking station. ThinkPads have shipped with fingerprint readers for some time, and Lenovo is also supplementing the T470 and T570 with Windows Hello cameras, for facial recognition. This doesn’t replace the fingerprint, but gives another option for end users. Possibly the most interesting news of all is that Lenovo is going to be offering some ThinkPad models in a new silver color, alongside the traditional matte black. Although this could be blasphemy to some, the new color looks great in the images provided, and hopefully we’ll be able to get some hands-on time with them at CES and see how it looks in person. ThinkPad Yoga 370 As far as new models, Lenovo is launching the ThinkPad Yoga 370, which is a 13.3-inch FHD version of their ThinkPad Yoga lineup, which previously consisted of the 12.5-inch Yoga 260 and 14-inch Yoga 460. The ThinkPad Yoga 370 offers an integrated pen which docks inside the laptop, as well as Thunderbolt 3, and it will be offered in black or silver with availability in March 2017, starting from $1264. ThinkPad T470 The T470 is one of the new models to feature an optional Intel Optane 16 GB cache drive, and it also will have a touch fingerprint reader and Windows Hello camera option. Thunderbolt 3 is also here on the 14-inch laptop, along with a GeForce 940MX GPU and up to 32 GB of DDR4. It continues to feature the split battery, with a 23 Wh in the front and a removable 48 Wh or 73 Wh battery in the rear. It will be available in February starting at $914 ThinkPad T570 The 15.6-inch T series is similar to the T470 in that it will offer Thunderbolt 3, fingerprint, IR camera, and Intel Optane caching, and it also keeps the dGPU with the GeForce 940MX, but the larger model can also be had with a UHD display (3840x2160) in addition to the standard FHD (1920x1080) version. It will be available in March starting at $909. ThinkPad T470s The ThinkPad T470s continues to get slimmer and lighter. What was once a slightly lighter T series is now a 14-inch notebook that is under three pounds, with the latest version just 2.9 lbs. It can be had with up to 24 GB of memory, with 8 GB soldered on and a single DIMM available for another 16 GB. It still features Ethernet, along with Thunderbolt 3 and up to 1 TB of PCIe SSD. The thinner T series is also available in silver, with availability in February starting at $1099. ThinkPad T470p The p model is for performance, with 45-Watt CPUs instead of the U series found in the slimmer and lighter notebooks. This is combined with the GeForce 940MX, and up to 32 GB of DDR4. The T470p is also available with the 16 GB Intel Optane caching drive, and split batteries with up to 12 hours of battery life with the larger 72 Wh battery in the rear. The T470p will be available in March starting at $1049. ThinkPad 13 The ThinkPad 13 is Lenovo’s value offering, and it will be available in January for a starting price of $674. For less than $700, it will feature Intel Kaby Lake processors, with up to 32 GB of DDR4 with 2 DIMM slots, and up to 512 GB of PCIe storage. The display is a FHD 1920x1080 touch version, and it features 3 USB 3.0 ports, USB-C which doubles as a charging port, dTPM 2.0, and a SD card reader. It’s 19.1mm thick and weighs 3.17 lbs. It will also be offered in black or silver. ThinkPad L470 The L series is positioned as the mainstream business value lineup, and they slot in for a bit less money than the T series. The L470 is a 14-inch FHD IPS model, and it also features optional Intel Optane caching, and 2 DIMMS for up to 32 GB of RAM. It keeps the split batteries as well, offering up to 95.5 Wh of battery capacity. In addition, it adds a discrete GPU in the Radeon R5 M430. It will be available in March starting from $799. ThinkPad L570 This 15.6-inch laptop is quite a bit different than the similarly named L470, in that it doesn’t have the split battery, or discrete graphics. It has a single 48 Wh battery, along with optional Intel Optane caching or SSD drives. The base model is a 1366x768 TN display, so be careful, although there is a FHD IPS offering as well. It features a dedicated number pad and optical drive, and it can be had with up to 32 GB of DDR4 with the 2 DIMM slots, and will be available in March starting at $809. ThinkPad X270 This 12.5-inch ThinkPad has been around for quite a while now, and the latest version adds USB-C for power, display, and data. RAM options are 4 to 16 GB of DDR4, and storage is up to 2 TB of HDD or 512 GB PCIe SSD. It offers the ThinkPad split battery with 23 Wh in the front and 48 or 72 Wh in the rear. With the largest battery, Lenovo claims up to 21.4 hours of battery life. It comes in at 2.9 lbs, with availability in March from $909 Gallery: ThinkPad Refresh 2017 Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 47 Comments View All Comments jsntech - Wednesday, December 28, 2016 - link While nice in and of itself (and I wish every vendor would follow suit), the Signature Edition tactic is probably a necessity to get me to consider Lenovo again after Superfish-gate. Reply mmrezaie - Wednesday, December 28, 2016 - link I agree and Linux for the rescue! Lenovo needed to do something to fix the lost trust, but they didn't. Investing in Coreboot could be an option for them but no, that just could have been too good for a company. Although I wonder what would be the Optain's support in Linux? Reply Murloc - Wednesday, December 28, 2016 - link they did, signature edition is a guarantee it won't happen again. Reply goatfajitas - Wednesday, December 28, 2016 - link Linux is great and all for geeks, but these are kind of the "business standard". The problem with Linux is you cant take it to work and get anything done. Reply corn13read - Wednesday, December 28, 2016 - link What kind of ignorant statement is this? Just because you can't get anything done in Linux doesn't mean the rest of us geeks can't. My job requires Linux, and shockingly, I get work done. Reply goatfajitas - Thursday, December 29, 2016 - link Key words "business standard". If your job requires Linux, you dont need a "business standard" laptop. If you think you can take Linux or any Linux dist. into most normal companies and get anything done you are mistaken. In some companies with certain needs yes, but just like Mac, it is never going to take off in the enterprise sector. Reply barleyguy - Thursday, December 29, 2016 - link Seriously? I've worked in large enterprise companies for 20 years, and all of them use Linux as the standard OS in their datacenters. Windows is just a way to run Outlook. At my current company the first thing they asked me two days before I started, was "would you like Mac or Windows on your laptop?". And on Windows we run Linux inside Vagrant, and connect to the datacenters that way. At my previous company, many of the developers put Linux on their laptops, and when they needed to get to Windows (to run Outlook) they would just RDP to a Windows machine. So in short, I could have Linux on my laptop and get work done just fine, as could most people at enterprise tech companies. Reply goatfajitas - Friday, December 30, 2016 - link LOL, yes seriously. What part of "business standard" notebooks are you not getting? It is not for Datacenters, it is for normal non tech office workers. Accountants, AR, AP, admins, VP's etc etc. They need Windows and windows compatible apps. Reply barleyguy - Friday, December 30, 2016 - link "Normal non-tech office workers" need whatever it is they've been trained on, which is whatever the company decides to train them on. Yes, that is currently Windows. That's not at all a technical requirement though. It's just because they lack the technical skills to use something else. So saying they "couldn't use Linux and get any work done" is just another way of saying "they lack the technical skills to use Linux and get any work done". I have a different perspective than you do, because I have generally worked at companies (or at least campuses) where there were hundreds of engineers, whereas Accountants, AR, AP, and VPs were a little alcove off in a corner of building two somewhere. Reply goatfajitas - Friday, December 30, 2016 - link Not quite... It's not about what they are trained on, it is about what exists that has the software that businesses run on. It's pretty much Windows and only Windows. It's not that Mac or Linux aren't "capable" they certainly are, it's that the software doesn't exist. MS has owned enterprise for 20+ years and nearly everything revolves around it. If Mac or Linux (or anything else for that matter) wants a piece of that pie they could do it, but to get to that goal, they would need to start and so far, no-one is even attempting it. It's a virtual stranglehold. Reply 1 2 3 4 5 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News GIGABYTE's New Console: The 'Gaming GT' PC Launched with Core i7-K, GTX1080, TB3 ZOTAC Announces GeForce GTX 1080 for Mini-ITX PCs Oculus VR Acquires The Eye Tribe, Developer of Eye Tracking Technologies Thermaltake Adds RGB Lighting to Toughpower Grand Gold PSUs PNY Launches CS2030 SSDs: Phison PS5007-E7, MLC NAND, 2.8 GB/s Sharkoon Launches Rapid-Case USB 3.1 Type-C Storage Device DIY Kit South Korea Fines Qualcomm $865 Million for Anti-Trust Violations Kaby Lake Systems With Intel Optane SSDs Coming Soon Lenovo Updates The ThinkPad Lineup: New Models, Welcome Changes Lenovo Launches New ThinkPad Accessories: Docking And Displays Dell Readies New XPS 15: 4K, Quad-Core Kaby Lake, GeForce GTX 1050 Plextor to Demo Mainstream M8Se NVMe and 3D NAND-Based SSDs at CES TWEETS IanCutress: Trump logic: say you know something, announce a press conference, cancel it, never talk again. He's done it several times. IanCutress: @Dresdenboy @anandtech But meeting CEOs. Always fun to give a card that says 'Dr' IanCutress: Wat @JohnLegere, please fix https://t.co/n8SN1Afgrk ganeshts: @chippy Use JDownloader (free and open source) in a VM. Also gives full control over what one needs from a YouTube link ganeshts: @cablematters What is the best crimper / punchdown tool to use with your shielded Cat6a 1K ft. cable/24-port patch panel/keystone jacks? IanCutress: #CES2017 I'm 85% sure I packed business cards. Otherwise I have 3 for the week. IanCutress: @British_Airways The Android app has had this issue for over a year. https://t.co/6zfAUR5ZtN ganeshts: @DTheSleepless @BrettHowse What is the real rate you are getting? Even with 4x4, I have not been able to get past 800 Mbps TCP throughput. ganeshts: @FPiednoel Given the 2 grace months, extra billing in near future not likely. But, for sure, need to get rid of data caps for wired plans RyanSmithAT: AMD's GCN macro-architecture & Radeon HD 7970 turn 5 years old today. Man, how the time flies. https://t.co/ZYqd9D57Pk RyanSmithAT: @fivemack No, because then only paying customers would have been able to leave reviews RyanSmithAT: @BrettHowse Save them.That way you can remember what they looked like in the past RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte Though at this point it's the OS (Windows) that concerns me more than the hardware RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte It'll be one of the first. We definitely won't have the luxury of being *too* picky until later in 2018 ganeshts: @SreekrishnanV @krishashok Netgear Orbi. But, for Indian houses with concrete/brick walls - hybrid sys (router + powerline Wi-Fi extenders) Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> SSDs Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel Storage GPUs SSDs Motherboards CPUs NVIDIA Mobile Systems Home> SSDs Kaby Lake Systems With Intel Optane SSDs Coming Soon by Billy Tallis on December 28, 2016 12:04 AM EST Posted in SSDs Storage SSD Caching Kaby Lake 3D XPoint Optane 54 Comments | Add A Comment 54 Comments + Add A Comment Lenovo's announcement today of a new generation of ThinkPads based on Intel's Kaby Lake platform includes brief but tantalizing mention of Optane, Intel's brand for devices using the 3D XPoint non-volatile memory technology they co-developed with Micron. Lenovo's new ThinkPads and competing high-end Kaby Lake systems will likely be the first appearance of 3D XPoint memory in the consumer PC market. Several of Lenovo's newly announced ThinkPads will offer 16GB Optane SSDs in M.2 2242 form factor paired with hard drives as an alternative to a using a single NVMe SSD with NAND flash memory (usually TLC NAND, with a portion used as SLC cache). The new Intel Optane devices mentioned by Lenovo are most likely the codenamed Stony Beach NVMe PCIe 3 x2 drives that were featured in roadmap leaked back in July. More recent leaks have indicated that these will be branded as the Intel Optane Memory 8000p series, with a 32GB capacity in addition to the 16GB Lenovo will be using. Since Intel's 3D XPoint memory is being manufactured as a two-layer 128Gb (16GB) die, these Optane products will require just one or two dies and will have no trouble fitting on to a short M.2 2242 card alongside a controller chip. The new generation of ThinkPads will be hitting the market in January and February 2017, but Lenovo and Intel haven't indicated when the configurations with Optane will be available. Other sources in the industry are telling us that Optane is still suffering from delays, so while we hope to see a working demo at CES, the Optane-equipped notebooks may not actually launch until much later in the year. We also expect the bulk of the initial supply of 3D XPoint memory to go to the enterprise market, just like virtually all of Intel and Micron's 3D MLC NAND output has been used for enterprise SSDs so far. Support for Intel Optane branded devices based on 3D XPoint memory technology has long been bandied about as a new feature of the Kaby Lake generation of CPUs and chipsets, but Intel has not officially clarified what that means. The plan of record has always been for the first Optane products to be NVMe SSDs, but NVMe is already thoroughly supported by current platforms and software. Because Optane SSDs will have a significantly higher price per GB than NAND flash based SSDs, the natural role for Optane SSDs is to act as a small cache device for larger and slower storage devices. The "Optane support" that Kaby Lake brings is almost certainly just the addition of the ability to use NVMe SSDs (including Optane SSDs) as cache devices. At a high level, using Optane SSDs as a cache for hard drives is no different from the SSD caching Intel first introduced in 2011 with the Z68 chipset for Sandy Bridge processors and the Intel Rapid Storage Technology (RST) driver version 10.5. Branded by Intel as Smart Response Technology (SRT), their SSD caching implementation built on the existing RAID capabilities of RST to use a SSD as a block-level cache of a hard drive, operating as a write-back or write-through cache depending on the user's preference. For SATA devices, no hardware features were required but booting from RST RAID or cache volumes requires support in the motherboard firmware, and Intel's drivers have used RAID and SRT SSD caching to provide product segmentation between different chipsets. With the release of Skylake processors and the 100-series chipsets, Intel brought support for NVMe RAID to RST version 15. This was not as straightforward to implement as RAID and SRT for SATA drives, owing to the fact that the SATA drives in a RST RAID or SRT volume are all conveniently connected through Intel's own SATA controller and managed by the same driver. NVMe SSDs by contrast each connect to the system through general-purpose PCIe lanes and can use either the operating system's NVMe driver or a driver provided by the SSD manufacturer. In order to bring NVMe devices under the purview of Intel's RST driver, 100-series chipsets have an unusual trick: when the SATA controller is put in RAID mode instead of plain AHCI mode, NVMe devices that are connected to the PCH have their PCI registers re-mapped to appear within the AHCI controller's register space and the NVMe devices are no longer detectable as PCIe devices in their own right. This makes the NVMe SSDs inaccessible to any driver other than Intel's RST. Intel has provided very little public documentation of this feature and its operation is usually very poorly described by the UEFI configuration interfaces on supporting machines. This has caused quite a few tech support headaches for machines that enable this feature by default as it is seldom obvious how to put the machine back into a mode where standard NVMe drivers can be used. Worse, some machines such as the Lenovo Yoga 900 and IdeaPad 710 shipped with the chipset locked in RAID mode despite only having a single SSD. After public outcry from would-be Linux users, Lenovo released firmware updates that added the option of using the standard AHCI mode that leaves NVMe devices alone. (excerpt from Intel 100-series chipset datasheet) In spite of the limitations and rough edges, Intel's solution does ensure reliable operation in RAID mode, free of interference from third-party drivers. It's certainly less work than the alternative of writing a more general-purpose software RAID and caching system for Windows that can handle a variety of underlying drivers. It also lays the groundwork for adding support for NVMe cache devices to Intel's SRT caching system. Intel's SRT already has caching algorithms tuned for 16GB to 64GB caches in front of hard drives, so now that they have a solution for mediating access to NVMe SSDs it is simple to enable using both features simultaneously. The changes do need to be added to both the RST driver and to the motherboard firmware if booting from a cached volume is to be supported. Backporting and deploying the firmware changes to Skylake motherboards should be possible but is unlikely to happen. In the years since Intel introduced SRT caching, another form of tiered storage has taken over: TLC NAND SSDs with SLC caching. NAND flash suffers from write times that are much longer than read times, and storing multiple bits per cell requires multiple passes of writes. To alleviate this, most TLC NAND-based SSDs for client PC usage treat a portion of their flash as SLC, storing just one bit per cell instead of three. This SLC is used as a cache to absorb bursts of writes, which are consolidated into TLC NAND when the drive is idle (or when the SLC cache fills up). Even TLC NAND has reasonably high read performance, so there is little need to use SLC to cache read operations. By contrast, Intel's Smart Response Technology has to cache access to hard drives, where both read and write latencies are painfully high. This means SRT has to balance keeping frequently-read data in the cache against making room for a burst of writes. Having a lot of static data hanging around on the cache device will cause significant write amplification to result from any wear leveling, but SRT already reduces the write load by having sequential writes bypass the cache. Taking into account that 3D XPoint memory can handle millions of write operations per cell, even a small 16GB cache device should have no trouble with endurance. Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 54 Comments View All Comments Kakti - Wednesday, December 28, 2016 - link So this is what scares me about Optane aka 3d Xpoint...they seem on par or weaker than current NAND drives due to PCI-E lanes. The drives in this article say they are PC-E 3.0 x2 drives...that's a max of ~2gig/sec, already outclassed by Samsung's newest drives (and others?). Previously they showed I believe a 3.0 x4 drive that had similar numbers, somewhat below the top end NAND drives. Has anything been published that 3d-Xpoint aka Optane can use a ton of lanes or something? Five years ago the numbers these drives put out would have looked great, I don't think anyone expected Samsung to basically saturate the x4 line so fast. Unless Optane can basically run a ton of lines in parallel I think they might be beat for what the presumed asking price is. I hope Micron and Intel can pull something out of this tech! *disclosure:I own Micron stock and have lost my ass over the years (but improving this year!). Everything above is my opinion only. Reply patrickjp93 - Wednesday, December 28, 2016 - link Are you joking? Intel's Optane drives kick the snot out of existing SSDs. Look at the QD1/2/4 numbers for the 960Pro and Intel's Optane options. Intel is the clear winner by a mile and a half. No one gets close to QD32, no one. Intel's solution will feel faster even if the peak numbers don't look so hot on 1 and 2-die solutions. Reply Kakti - Wednesday, December 28, 2016 - link Yeah it's supposed to have much better access/seek times (in the 120-140k IOPs range?) but whether that translates to any meaningful increase for a regular user remains to be seen. It seems like IOPS really matter on big databases and not necessarily a regular PC or most workstations. I dunno, I just feel this is too little to late with the small size of the new "cache/RAM drive" compared to just rolling a straight top end m.2 drive and 32gb+ of RAM. Anyone can make a 50gb+ ramdisk already on their workstation for a couple hundred bucks if they really need it. So you get 32gb of RAM and either a PCI-E x4 NVME drive or an m.2 x4 NVME drive with 500gb+...where does that leave this octane drive? High end users have too much ram/fast SSD to cover it. On the low end (4gb-8gb ram) it would probably shine the most but I don't know if they'll be offered in this class of products It seems like servers and databases these will do very well, so that may be the main market. I'm very curious to see some very detailed *cough* reviews once these hit the street. Reply beginner99 - Wednesday, December 28, 2016 - link 3D XPoint is more like RAM so yes it's random performance (access times) will beat any SSD easily. And let's not forget that it was exactly this (latency) that made the biggest difference from SSD to HDD and not the sequential read/write speeds. So I can easily see that a 16 GB optane cache can make a system even with SSD much more responsive. And lets not forget that compared to a RAM-disk it is non-volatile. So all the cached OS files and applications are there so you will probably get a CPU limited boot and application load times! It sounds pretty cool on paper. Realistically even for an enthusiasts it will almost certainly not be worth it if you don't run high access databases or do some other niche level stuff. I'm somewhat undecided about price. The solution must obviously be cheaper than just going with an SSD. On the other hand I fear it will always be cheaper to get a faster SSD instead of adding a cache drive. Eg. if the 32 gb cache drive cost about the same as the difference between a average SSD and a 960 pro, I would choose the later, Reply iwod - Wednesday, December 28, 2016 - link But meaningful performance difference? SSD, at latency and certain I/O is 1000x faster then HDD. The same cant be said about Xpoint and SSD. And we surely reach a point where performance isn't in the I/O. i.E Starting your App from RamDisk isn't that much faster then SSD. What i really want to see though, is QLC, 3D stacked NAND as Storage and Xpoint as main drive. Even a 64GB main drive is good enough for me. Reply ddriver - Wednesday, December 28, 2016 - link Until I see optane in action I call BS. So far it looks like it will mostly have much better caching and much larger cache buffers, which will be enough to improve the IOPS regardless of the actual bulk storage medium.. They claim "bit addressable" for optane, but that's BS too, even RAM is NOT bit addressable, not even CPU registers. RAM is BYTE addressable. Bit addressable for real would be a fruitless endeavor because the amount of extra traces will not be worth the returns, as nobody bothers with bit access. My bet is the medium will not even be byte addressable, they will just add that in software via bitwise ops. Much like the IOPS boost will likely be due to caching and only for cached data. All this is perfectly possible to do with NAND flash as well, as usually the industry is holding back on very logical and straightforward improvements in order to milk the most out of everything. So far optane has been rather hypetane... and how we get news of it making it into actual products. Oh wow, 16 gigs of optane, that's almost enough to install windoze. Paradigm shifting! Reply mdriftmeyer - Wednesday, December 28, 2016 - link Stop it! You're making too much sense. What you describe is a dagger into this 3D crap from Intel. Put in that 1TB or 2TB PCI-E based NVME drive and save money in the process while your system flies. Reply Billy Tallis - Wednesday, December 28, 2016 - link The PCIe x2 bit comes only from the months-old leaked roadmap, and we have no official confirmation of that. And for what it's worth, those roadmaps showed that only this first generation of cache drives would be so limited, while the next version will move to PCIe 3 x4. But the biggest advantage of 3D XPoint memory is low latency, which doesn't require a lot of PCIe lanes. And with only one or two dies, the bandwidth limitation might be between the controller and the memory, rather between the controller and the host. Larger drives suitable for primary storage rather than just caching will have the same parallelism advantages that flash SSDs enjoy, and should be much better able to deliver high throughput. In the meantime, these cache devices will probably offer sufficient throughput given their small capacity and the low performance of the hard drive backing devices, while not wasting power on more PCIe lanes than needed to offer the most performance benefit possible without abandoning the mechanical hard drives entirely. Reply drajitshnew - Thursday, December 29, 2016 - link My laptop is i7-4700mq lenovo y510p. It has a m2-2242 slot. Basically, ruling out any high performance or mainstream drives. My mom's laptop is i5-4200u, costed half as much, weights half as much and has an 2280 slot. I anticipate lenovo will DELIBERATELY cripple the sku's with optane to X2--2242 designs. Reply unityole - Wednesday, December 28, 2016 - link people like you only look at sequential eh? know why SSD is so much faster than HDD? its because of latency hence the QD1 4k random read/write performance. optane will bring QD1 4k random read/write so much closer to that speed of ram, samsung isnt even able to compete. the sequential speed you see won't be used as often as you think brother. time to move on and really learn what tech is about and what benefits and what doesn't. Reply 1 2 3 4 5 6 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News GIGABYTE's New Console: The 'Gaming GT' PC Launched with Core i7-K, GTX1080, TB3 ZOTAC Announces GeForce GTX 1080 for Mini-ITX PCs Oculus VR Acquires The Eye Tribe, Developer of Eye Tracking Technologies Thermaltake Adds RGB Lighting to Toughpower Grand Gold PSUs PNY Launches CS2030 SSDs: Phison PS5007-E7, MLC NAND, 2.8 GB/s Sharkoon Launches Rapid-Case USB 3.1 Type-C Storage Device DIY Kit South Korea Fines Qualcomm $865 Million for Anti-Trust Violations Kaby Lake Systems With Intel Optane SSDs Coming Soon Lenovo Updates The ThinkPad Lineup: New Models, Welcome Changes Lenovo Launches New ThinkPad Accessories: Docking And Displays Dell Readies New XPS 15: 4K, Quad-Core Kaby Lake, GeForce GTX 1050 Plextor to Demo Mainstream M8Se NVMe and 3D NAND-Based SSDs at CES TWEETS IanCutress: Trump logic: say you know something, announce a press conference, cancel it, never talk again. He's done it several times. IanCutress: @Dresdenboy @anandtech But meeting CEOs. Always fun to give a card that says 'Dr' IanCutress: Wat @JohnLegere, please fix https://t.co/n8SN1Afgrk ganeshts: @chippy Use JDownloader (free and open source) in a VM. Also gives full control over what one needs from a YouTube link ganeshts: @cablematters What is the best crimper / punchdown tool to use with your shielded Cat6a 1K ft. cable/24-port patch panel/keystone jacks? IanCutress: #CES2017 I'm 85% sure I packed business cards. Otherwise I have 3 for the week. IanCutress: @British_Airways The Android app has had this issue for over a year. https://t.co/6zfAUR5ZtN ganeshts: @DTheSleepless @BrettHowse What is the real rate you are getting? Even with 4x4, I have not been able to get past 800 Mbps TCP throughput. ganeshts: @FPiednoel Given the 2 grace months, extra billing in near future not likely. But, for sure, need to get rid of data caps for wired plans RyanSmithAT: AMD's GCN macro-architecture & Radeon HD 7970 turn 5 years old today. Man, how the time flies. https://t.co/ZYqd9D57Pk RyanSmithAT: @fivemack No, because then only paying customers would have been able to leave reviews RyanSmithAT: @BrettHowse Save them.That way you can remember what they looked like in the past RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte Though at this point it's the OS (Windows) that concerns me more than the hardware RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte It'll be one of the first. We definitely won't have the luxury of being *too* picky until later in 2018 ganeshts: @SreekrishnanV @krishashok Netgear Orbi. But, for Indian houses with concrete/brick walls - hybrid sys (router + powerline Wi-Fi extenders) Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?

null
MON, JAN 02, 2017 | 1 °C Overcast Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search News Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 1 hour ago SpaceX finds source of rocket explosion, plans new launch Company plans to resume flights as early as next week Latest News SEE MORE Milton woman killed in attack on Istanbul nightclub Mexicans block roads, stations to protest gasoline hikes Conservationists concerned about free entry to Canada’s national parks in 2017 Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com 1 hour ago Ruling this week on drywall tariffs linked to higher home costs and new jobs Anti-dumping duties on U.S. drywall imports into Western Canada have hiked... Latest Business News SEE MORE Finland to pay unemployed basic income of $560 euros per month Canada’s top CEOs earned more than ever in 2015 Five things to watch for in Canadian business Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 18 minutes ago Warner ton leads Australia to 126-0 at lunch on day 1 Chasing series sweep, Australia wins toss, bats in 3rd test Latest Sports News SEE MORE Miami QB Brad Kaaya going pro, skipping senior season Benzan drives for winner as Holy Cross edges Navy 51-50 Albany wins final non-conference game against Cornell Arts & Entertainment Books Contests Dining Out Music Events Movies TV Listings Wow Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region 6 hours ago Ben Affleck's struggle with fame Ben Affleck admits he made a lot of "mistakes" when he first found fame. Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Eva Amurri Martino opens up about depression Billie Lourd breaks silence after tragic family loss Katie Couric returns to Today show as guest co-anchor Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 10 hours ago The reunification of Syria, for better or worse Assad’s secure future is a bleak but realistic prospect for the new year. Editorial Cartoon - Dec. 28 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Winners Crowdfunding What's Trending Waterloo Region Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness Small Business Week Dec 29, 2016 Attic insulation should be the highest priority in a home retrofit When it comes to improving your home's efficiency, you probably think of... Latest Stories SEE MORE Honda Canada says Odyssey fix coming in spring Omega-3 supplement for pregnant women reduces childhood asthma risk Keep resolutions without breaking the bank Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 8 hours ago How women reclaimed their place in fashion’s spotlight in 2016 The year in fashion was one in which women made news, for better and for... Latest Living stories SEE MORE Choose proposal day carefully Falafel challah burger is a twist on a go-to, to-go favourite Ready for breaded cutlets of a different kind? Cauliflower! Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca 50% off Paintball Admissions Packages discount: 50% | value: $80.00 | You Save: $40.00 Time Remaining: 4 Days Responding to water damage in your home Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca 50% off Paintball Admissions Packages discount: 50% | value: $80.00 | You Save: $40.00 Time Remaining: 4 Days WEALTH MATTERS: 5 steps you should take today to prepare for retirement Home News Business How Apple alienated Mac loyalists | Dec 27, 2016  |  Vote 0    0 How Apple alienated Mac loyalists They fear it prioritizes the iPhone at the expense of an icon Mac Pro Bloomberg file photo Philip Schiller, senior vice-president of worldwide marketing at Apple, introduces the Mac Pro during a launch event in San Francisco. next play/pause pre Waterloo Region Record By Mark Gurman To diehard fans, Apple's Macintosh sometimes seems like an afterthought these days. Mac upgrades, once a frequent ritual, are few and far between. The Mac Pro, Apple's marquee computer, hasn't been refreshed since 2013. The affordable and flexible Mac mini was last upgraded in 2014. And when a new machine does roll out, the results are sometimes underwhelming, if not infuriating, to devotees. In October, after more than 500 days without an update, Apple unveiled the new MacBook Pro, with a slimmer design and louder speakers. The laptop garnered mostly favourable reviews from the technology press but grumbles from creative types, a key constituency, who said the device underperformed rival products. Interviews with people familiar with Apple's inner workings reveal that the Mac is getting far less attention than it once did. They say the Mac team has lost clout with the famed industrial design group led by Jony Ive and the company's software team. They also describe a lack of clear direction from senior management, departures of key people working on Mac hardware and technical challenges that have delayed the rollout of new computers. While the Mac generates about 10 per cent of Apple sales, the company can't afford to alienate professional designers and other business customers. After all, they helped fuel Apple's revival in the late 1990s. In a stinging critique, Peter Kirn, founder of a website for music and video creators, wrote: "This is a company with no real vision for what its most creative users actually do with their most advanced machines." If more Mac users switch, the Apple ecosystem will become less sticky — opening the door to people abandoning higher-value products like the iPhone and iPad. People now have more options. Microsoft, once derided by Mac loyalists for its clunky, buggy software, offers Windows 10, which provides the tablet type functionality Apple pioneered with the iPad. Microsoft's Surface computers offer Apple-esque quality and a well-reviewed creative paint program aimed at the Mac's audience. Sensing an opportunity, Microsoft called the MacBook Pro a "disappointment" and said more users than ever were switching to its Surface laptops. An Apple spokesperson declined to comment. However, the company has said the Macintosh remains one of its most important products and denies it takes a back seat to other gadgets. Four years ago at Apple's annual developer conference, marketing chief Phil Schiller pledged to keep the computer front and centre in the company's product arsenal. "Nobody turns over their entire line as quickly and completely as we do at Apple," Schiller said. "We're really proud of the engineering team and the work they do to do this quick so you can get the exact product you need." Two years later, the company held a 30th birthday party for the Macintosh, a splashy event that featured a OneRepublic concert at Apple's Cupertino, Calif. headquarters. The company also created a website celebrating the Mac's history. To be fair, Apple depends on Intel Corp., which still makes key chips for Macs. Like the rest of the PC industry, Apple's innovation and product cycles are sometimes constrained by when Intel produces new chips — a process that's getting more difficult. Making a laptop stand out is also harder these days. But when Apple has tried to leapfrog the competition, it has fallen short. Take the company's attempt to create a longer-lasting battery for the MacBook Pro. Apple engineers wanted to use higher capacity battery packs shaped to the insides of the laptop versus the standard square cells found in most machines. The design would have boosted battery life. In the run-up to the MacBook Pro's planned debut this year, the new battery failed a key test, according to a person familiar with the situation. Rather than delay the launch and risk missing the crucial holiday shopping season, Apple decided to revert to an older design. The change required roping in engineers from other teams to finish the job, meaning work on other Macs languished, the person said. The new laptop didn't represent a game-changing leap in battery performance, and a software bug misrepresented hours of power remaining. Apple has since removed the meter from the top right-hand corner of the screen. In the Mac's heyday, people working on new models could expect a lot of attention from Ive's team. Once a week his people would meet with Mac engineers to discuss ongoing projects. Mac engineers brought prototypes to Ive's studio for review, while his lieutenants would visit the Mac labs to look at early concepts. Those visits have become less frequent since the company began focusing more on more-valuable products like the iPhone and iPad, and the change became even more obvious after the design team's leadership was shuffled last year, according to a person familiar with the situation. In another sign that the company has prioritized the iPhone, Apple reorganized its software engineering department so there's no longer a dedicated Mac operating system team. There is now just one team, and most of the engineers are iOS first, giving the people working on the iPhone and iPad more power. That's part of a broader shift toward making Macs more like iPhones. Apple prioritizes features, like thinness and minimal ports, that sell its iPhones and iPads, which generated about 75 per cent of revenue this year. Those are contrary to professional needs, like maximum computing power. Early prototypes of the 12-inch MacBook used the iPhone's Lightning connector, although this was ditched for a more standard USB-C port. There was even a gold MacBook Pro planned, but this was shelved because the colour didn't look good on such a large product. In recent years, Apple managers have also become more likely to float two or more competing ideas, meaning designers and engineers must work on more than one concept at a time. In the past, managers pushed a more singular vision. Engineers are now "asked to develop multiple options in hopes that one of them will be shippable," a person familiar with the matter said. When the company was developing the first 12-inch MacBook, Apple tested two primary prototypes. One, known internally as Stealth Fighter, was lighter. The second, a slightly less ambitious design known as Stealth Bomber, was heavier. The lighter model prevailed, but with engineers developing and testing two competing concepts, they had less time to figure out how to cram all the electronics into a thin slab of aluminum that would hold together. In the end, Apple shipped the laptop in 2015, months after its 2014 goal. For a 2016 MacBook update, some Apple engineers wanted to add a Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a second USB-C port (which would have made some power users happy). The update instead included a new rose gold colour option alongside a standard speed increase. The internal turmoil has taken a toll. More than a dozen engineers and managers working on Mac hardware have left for different Apple teams or other companies in the past year and a half, said people familiar with the situation. Some were looking for a less all-consuming work environment, while others felt the future of Mac hardware was unclear in a world of iPhones and iPads. In 2013, Apple launched a redesigned Mac Pro, a black cylinder with bright white LED lights. It was a powerful desktop machine created partly to cast a halo over the entire Macintosh lineup. The Mac Pro was also the first Apple computer in years to be assembled in the U.S. Under pressure from politicians to create manufacturing jobs at home, Apple was looking to score political points. The decision caused production headaches though. The Mac Pro's glossy exterior and chrome beveled edges meant Apple had to make its own manufacturing tools and then train people to run those machines in an assembly plant. This slowed production and constrained Apple's ability to make enough computers to meet demand. Three years on, the Mac Pro is ripe for an upgrade with its chips and connector ports lagging rival products. Because of the earlier challenges, some Apple engineers have raised the possibility of moving production back to Asia, where it's cheaper and manufacturers have the required skills for ambitious products, according to a person familiar with those internal discussions. The political environment is tougher for such a move now. During his campaign, U.S. president-elect Donald Trump hammered Apple for building most of its products overseas and since his election he has pushed other companies to keep some jobs in the U.S. Still, Apple hasn't given up on Macs. In a recent company Q&A session, employees asked whether Mac desktop computers remain strategically important. "We have great desktops in our road map. Nobody should worry about that," chief executive officer Tim Cook said, according to a transcript of the discussion obtained by Bloomberg News. The latest MacBook Pro has a "Touch Bar," a thin touch screen built into the keyboard that lets users quickly access app shortcuts, change system settings, and pick emojis. The laptop also has Touch ID to speed up online purchases and a giant trackpad for easier gesture control. Apple designers are already exploring standalone keyboards with the touch strip and a fingerprint reader for desktops. Apple will decide whether to release these based on how well the features do on the MacBook Pro. Mac fans shouldn't hold their breath for radical new designs in 2017 though. Instead, the company is preparing modest updates: USB-C ports and a new Advanced Micro Devices Inc. graphics processor for the iMac, and minor bumps in processing power for the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro. Cue the outrage. Bloomberg | Most Read SEE MORE Kitchener woman with children in vehicle facing impaired charges after snowbank crash ‘There just is no closure’ – A Kitchener mother’s heartache 10 years after her daughter’s murder A holiday baby’s nothing new for this Kitchener family Fire, break-ins at West Montrose trailer park LRT project nearing completion after a challenging year In Your Neighbourhood Today How to make regular physical activity a lifelong habit The W.G. Johnson Centre in Cambridge, Ontario, is a popular recreation centre and fitness facility.... Live edge wood designs Millgrove Wood Products Ltd. in Hamilton works with Mother Nature, one of the greatest designers,... Santa Claus is coming to town Mark Sunday, November 20, 2016, down on your calendar, because the big guy in red will be riding... What is a FICO score? First, what is FICO? FICO is simply the acronym of the name of the company that developed the... The Auto Insurance Consumers’ Bill of Rights: Why it’s important to you Abstract Car Sales in Kitchener brings our attention to some important information concerning the... Locally manufactured windows: Southfield makes what they sell Southfield Windows & Doors in Elmira is the company of choice for those who want custom-made,... The pool: Your secret weapon for getting in shape The W.G. Johnson Centre in Cambridge is a popular recreation centre and fitness facility. It offers... 10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... Test pool water regularly to prevent a chemical imbalance Waterloo’s Ponds for People Pools & Spas encourages you to test your pool water regularly. Too much... 12 ways to make your home more energy efficient Improving your home’s energy efficiency doesn’t have to involve expensive upgrades or months of... Kids eat free at Waterloo’s Shoeless Joe’s Families are always welcome at Waterloo’s Shoeless Joe's Restaurant, where kids eat free. Every... Make your rental space more functional and fashionable as your New Year's resolution Bigger is often considered better, but consider breaking this rule with your New Year's resolution... Same great practice but new location for local chiropractic clinic Rockway Chiropractic Clinic in Kitchener has been helping patients in a big way for more than 21... Extend the life of your Element Hair tape-in extensions You may know that Element Hair Studio is Waterloo's choice for world-class hair care, but did you... Going for gold: Check out the Ontario Sires Stakes Gold Super Final If you’re a fan of horseracing and you want to support local, Ontario sired horses, go to Mohawk... Big savings for small business Two years ago, Ira Kargel and Kevin Wallace of Gears Bike Shop decided they’d had it with halogen... Lifesaving Society swim lessons: Why they are the best choice for your family The W.G. Johnson Centre in Cambridge, Ontario, is a recreation centre and fitness facility that’s... Why you should go with high-end wipers for your next project Any repair technician can tell you why keeping your workspace clean is important, and with... Changing lives in just a few hours a month: Mentor a child today Big Brothers Big Sisters of Waterloo Region needs your help. There are 342 kids locally who are in... The pros and cons of laser eye surgery Drs. Wilkinson, Runstedler, Chhatwal & Barth Optometrists provide not only expert optometry... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal Up to 50% off towards Authentic Indian Cuisine $15 View Deal 50% off Paintball Admissions Packages $40 View Deal Up to 35% off the Total Woman Show $8 View Deal 50% off Battered Wild Caught Haddock Portions $25 View Deal Dining Voucher at East Side Mario's $10 View Deal 43% off Boston Blue Fish Fillets $20 View Deal Up to 64% off Injection or Filler Treatments $89 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS Ruling this week on drywall tariffs linked to higher home costs and new jobs Finland to pay unemployed basic income of $560 euros per month Canada’s top CEOs earned more than ever in 2015 Five things to watch for in Canadian business Civic Innovation Lab centrepiece of Kitchener’s new digital strategy The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca HockeyNow.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video The best floats from the 128th annual Rose Parade Bay Area rain, Sierra snow bringing happiness — for some Huston Smith, religion scholar with expansive interests, dies Historic SF parental leave law kicks in News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: CA Clean Energy South Texas fossil could be reptile that swam 90M years ago The Latest: Trump expected to tap Lighthizer for trade rep 10 Things to Know for Tuesday Ogunbowale, Turner power No. 7 Irish past Georgia Tech Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Players echo Jed York: 49ers’ culture was an issue 49ers contact usual suspects McDaniels, Lynn, plus GM candidates Report: 49ers among four teams to interview Falcons’ Shanahan Denver offers Warriors reminder of how far they’ve come Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs PG&E electric bills to jump 1.4 percent in 2017 Nvidia leads S&P’s winners for 2016, drug stocks slump Nvidia stock soars on power of graphics chips Over half of Forbes' 40 richest entrepreneurs under 40 are in the A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Radnor’s ‘existentially restless,’ and that’s OK The latest from Dear Abby Brian Culbertson brings the funk to Napa Con Brio back in SF for New Year’s doubleheader Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Local crab fishers join West Coast strike after unloading catch Mr. Bing's back in business following renovation The San Francisco beer lover's guide to New Year's Eve 2017 The biggest Bay Area restaurant and bar closures of 2016 Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Our favorite Instagram photos of the week - Dec. 30, 2016 US considers mining limits in West to save sage grouse Readers' family holiday cards gone wrong Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Travel Troubleshooter: Expedia’s check is ‘in the mail’? Rick Steves: Solo trip doesn’t have to mean alone Peranakan enclaves a surprising side of glitzy Singapore Travel Books: National Geographic tracks world’s wild beauty Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Berkeley home once owned by Admiral Nimitz for sale at $1,995,000 Second-home fantasies? Best Bay Area beach homes to sell in 2016 SF rents finally drop, while Sacramento and Stockton skyrocket Bountiful bonuses in Alameda bungalow Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Sporty hatchback joins Honda Civic family 1998 Ford Mustang GT 2017 Chevrolet Silverado 1500 New dubious distinction for California's terrible drivers Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Keep these job search habits in 2017 Choose appropiate gifts for job seekers Hurry up and wait Stay motivated at work during the holidays Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Law-firm-hacks-traced-back-to-Bay-Area-10821327.php Law firm hacks traced back to Bay Area transactions By Dominic Fracassa Updated 5:06 pm, Tuesday, December 27, 2016 Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Visitors take pictures next to the Intel logo outside of the Intel headquarters in Santa Clara in 2014. One of Intel’s law firms was recently targeted by hackers seeking to profit from inside knowledge of deals. less Visitors take pictures next to the Intel logo outside of the Intel headquarters in Santa Clara in 2014. One of Intel’s law firms was recently targeted by hackers seeking to profit from inside knowledge of ... more Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Law firm hacks traced back to Bay Area transactions 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Three Chinese stock traders are facing federal insider trading charges for allegedly hacking into the computer networks of two prominent law firms to steal confidential emails and other information related to active mergers and acquisitions. The Securities and Exchange Commission and the U.S. attorney’s office for the Southern District of New York unveiled parallel charges Tuesday accusing Iat Hong, Bo Zheng and Hung Chin of netting about $4 million in illegal profits from stock trades based on nonpublic information from April 2014 to late 2015. The traders were also charged with attempting to breach five other law firms for the same purpose. Lawyers have become increasingly attractive targets to hackers in recent years given the amount of sensitive data that they inherently traffic in. ALSO PG&E electric bills to jump 1.4 percent in 2017 Nvidia leads S&P’s winners for 2016, drug stocks slump Nvidia stock soars on power of graphics chips “This case of cyber meets securities fraud should serve as a wake-up call for law firms around the world: You are and will be targets of cyber hacking, because you have information valuable to would-be criminals,” said Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara in a statement announcing his office’s 13-count indictment against the stock traders. The names of the hacked law firms weren’t revealed Tuesday, but the charges indicate that one of the firms was breached during its involvement in two separate transactions tied to Bay Area companies. According to the indictment, one firm was tapped to represent Intel in its $16.7 billion acquisition of integrated circuit maker Altera. After breaching the firm’s network, the hackers allegedly extracted 2.8 gigabytes of emails between January and February 2015. Based on information on the emails, they bought 210,000 Altera shares. Intel announced its intent to acquire Altera on June 1, 2015, netting the traders $1.4 million in profit. An Intel spokesman said the company had no comment on the matter. In a press release announcing the Altera deal, Intel named law firms Gibson Dunn & Crutcher and Weil Gotshal & Manges. In March, the Wall Street Journal reported that federal investigators were looking into reports of hacks at Weil Gotshal and another law firm, Cravath Swain & Moore. Weil Gotshal declined to comment on the reports. The firm cited as the target in the Intel-Altera deal was also retained by an unnamed company that was considering acquiring Brisbane biotech firm InterMune in June 2014. Over the course of about 20 days, the traders downloaded 50 gigabytes of information from the law firm’s servers and purchased 18,000 InterMune shares. The firm’s client ended up dropping its bid for InterMune. The company was eventually purchased by Swiss drug giant Roche for $8.3 billion in August 2014, a deal that federal officials say netted the traders about $380,000. Roche did not respond to requests for comment. The second law firm was hacked in April 2015 while providing counsel to business services company Pitney Bowes, which was working to buy e-commerce company Borderfree. The traders allegedly made $841,000 after sifting through confidential information lifted from the law firm. Cravath Swain & Moore represented Pitney Bowes in the Borderfree deal. The Chinese traders used “unlawfully obtained credentials” stolen from employees of the respective firms to initiate the hacks, according to the indictment. The traders then allegedly installed malware that gave them access to the firms’ email servers, and to accounts of attorneys who were working on mergers and acquisitions. The traders bought shares of companies who appeared to be for sale, but before any sale was announced. Stock prices of target companies usually rise on news of an acquisition, giving traders with nonpublic information an unfair advantage. The indictments Tuesday in some ways echo the insider trading charges levied against an information-technology employee at prominent Silicon Valley law firm Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati. In June 2015, Dmitry Braverman was sentenced to two years in prison after admitting to using confidential information to trade shares in companies that the firm was advising in deals. Last year, the American Bar Association reported that 15 percent of law firms have experienced a cybersecurity breach due to a hack, physical break-in or stolen smartphone. Larger firms may be more attractive targets: The Bar Association said that 1 in 4 law firms with at least 100 attorneys saw breaches. In 2012, the association reported that just 10 percent of law firms had experienced a breach. Notably, its research also indicated that 47 percent of the 90,000 lawyers it surveyed had no response plan in place to address a security breach. Dominic Fracassa is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: dfracassa@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @dominicfracassa Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. THE LATEST Trump unhappy about CNN’s cover photo choice Bay Area peaks get rare dusting of snow SFO-bound flight grounded due to alleged racist rant Warmer waters have more dolphins turning up in Bay Historic SF parental leave law kicks in Bay Area rain, Sierra snow for foreseeable future Pit bull attacks family for dressing it in sweater Suit: Ranch owner asked chef for 'black people food' Bay Area cities prepare for 60 days without Hetch Hetchy supply Yosemite announces biggest expansion in decades Suit calling for draining Hetch Hetchy dismissed 49ers' CEO Jed York transcript: ‘You don’t dismiss owners’ Players echo Jed York: 49ers’ culture was an issue From Uber to dogs: New Calif. laws going into effect in 2017 New French law: Workers can ignore emails after work Singer agrees to perform at Trump inauguration on one condition Mormon Tabernacle Choir singer quits over Trump TODAY'S TOP PICKS The best floats from the 128th annual Rose Parade Hilarious NFL memes for Week 17: Local teams get razzed Woman shares 'ugly' 'reality of extreme weight-loss' SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored This Rogue One box of collectibles is perfect for any Star... Save hundreds on this luxurious ‘Game of Thrones’-inspired... Most Popular 1 SFO-bound flight grounded due to unruly passenger's alleged... 2 British singer agrees to perform at Trump inauguration on one... 3 Bay Area cities prepare for 60 days without Hetch Hetchy supply 4 Bay Area peaks get rare dusting of snow 5 49ers’ Jed York transcript: ‘You don’t dismiss owners’ 6 Dog named Scarface attacks family for dressing it in sweater 7 Photos: Woman loses 193 pounds, shares 'ugly' 'reality of... 8 From Uber to orcas: New California laws going into effect in 2017 9 Lawsuit: Dude ranch owner asked chef for 'black people food' 10 Players echo Jed York: 49ers’ culture was an issue THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
null
null
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 1 Reason to Be Excited About Apple Inc.'s 2018 iMac Lineup Apple will be able to pack these next-generation systems with enough processor power to further marginalize the Mac Pro. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Dec 27, 2016 at 10:00AM According to personal computers next year. On deck are next-generation central processing units, faster graphics processors, and the addition of USB-C ports, Gurman says. Apple's iMac lineup. Image source: Apple.  In other words, a sensible set of upgrades and improvements, but nothing groundbreaking. Although not much is known about the iMac computers that will follow the ones that Apple has planned for next year, there is one upgrade that could prove to be quite compelling in the 2018 iMac models -- at least to power users. More processor cores Since 2009, Apple's premium iMac computers have featured processors with up to four processing cores supplied by microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC). The processors Apple uses in the 2017 iMac models are likely to be Intel's seventh-generation Core processors. These chips will, just as their predecessors, also top out at four processor cores. Of course, over the years, those processor cores have become more powerful, so performance has marched upward. However, in 2018, the desktop processor lineup that will be suitable for Apple's iMac systems, which goes by the name Coffee Lake, will feature up to six processor cores -- a 50% jump in core count from current offerings. What this will mean to Mac buyers An increase in core count should enable better performance in processor-intensive applications such as audio and video editing, and it should make multi-tasking smoother, especially with multiple processor intensive programs running in parallel. The average consumer might not view more processor cores as a potential selling point, as the average consumer probably just buys a new system when his or her current system breaks or becomes too slow. However, what I think this might do is shift some prosumers or professional users away from entry-level configurations of Apple's Mac Pro, which can be configured with processors with six or more processor cores, and toward higher-end iMac models. An iMac with a six core processors isn't going to be a suitable replacement for the Mac Pro in all use cases -- there's still a lot of stuff that Apple adds to the Mac Pro that would be tough to get into an all-in-one form factor, such as dual graphics cards. However, I suspect that for a non-trivial subset of potential Mac Pro buyers -- admittedly a small group to begin with -- the case for the Mac Pro will become tougher to make when 2018 rolls around, especially if Apple doesn't bother to update the Mac Pro soon.  Apple will need to update the Mac Pro to keep it relevant Apple hasn't updated the Mac Pro in years. The current Mac Pro systems use Intel's Ivy Bridge-EP processors, which first made their debut in the latter half of 2013. Since then, the chipmaker has released not one but two successors to the Ivy Bridge-EP chips, Haswell-EP and then Broadwell-EP. The Apple Mac Pro. Image source: Apple.  And, in mid-2017, Intel is expected to release the successor to Broadwell-EP, known as Skylake-EP. It's not clear why Apple hasn't bothered to update this system. Perhaps Apple doesn't sell enough of them to justify the R&D investment to refresh the lineup rapidly. But if the company wants to keep this product line relevant, updating it sooner rather than later and then committing to keeping the systems fresh as new components arrive would be a good idea. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Dec 27, 2016 at 10:00AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $115.75 down $0.98 (-0.84%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.29 down $0.37 (-1.01%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? These 3 Tech Stocks Are Ridiculously Cheap What Ever Happened to Apple iBeacons? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 1 Reason to Be Excited About Apple Inc.'s 2018 iMac Lineup #stocks $AAPL, $INTC
null
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Countdown to 2017 with HEXUS and ARM [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: CPU News 9 Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to beyond 7GHz by Mark Tyson on 27 December 2016, 11:01 Tags: Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qadclw Add to My Vault: We still await the official launch of the Kaby Lake desktop processors from Intel. Easing the waiting pain, HEXUS thoroughly tested an early 14nm+ Core i7-7700K sample from Intel early this month. Unfortunately, the improvements evident over Skylake processors left quite a few readers underwhelmed. On a positive note we noted the potential headroom for overclocking thanks to the reworking of the 14nm process. In tests our sample clocked up to 4.85GHz on air, stable and considered suitable for long-term usage. Normality Enthusiasts with early access have had several weeks of tinker time to push the limits of these 7th generation processors. While HEXUS considers overclocking potential for long term practical usage in your apps and games, OC enthusiasts have no such shackles. Professional OC athlete Allen 'Splave' Golibersuch used common tricks such as disabling cores and hyperthreading, using LN2 cooling, and very high voltages to squeeze the maximum clock speed from the Core i7-7700K sample inhis rig. 7GHz+ As reported by OCLab, via TechPowerUp, Splave achieved a bench-stable 7022.96MHz on his Core i7-7700K sample. To dial up this clock speed the chip's maximum multiplier of 69x was used with a base-clock of 101.78MHz, resulting in the headline 7GHz+. Chip core voltage was tweaked up to 2.00V. Benchmark results were as follows: it completed the PiFast benchmark in 9.02 seconds, SuperPi 32M in 4 minutes 20.25 seconds, wPrime 32M in 2.953 seconds, and wPrime 1024M in 1 minute 33.171 seconds. Splave equipped an ASUS GeForce GTX 1080 STRIX OC graphics card for further benchmarks and scored 643,316 points in Aquamark, and 86,798 points in 3DMark05. All OCs and tests were conducted on an ASRock Z170M OC Formula motherboard. Related Reading 9 Cryptic rumour points to air cooled AMD Ryzen hitting 5GHz A French print magazine published this statement - but it was hidden in binary code. 6 Day 19 - Win a Krtkl snickerdoodle bundle Feeling creative? Here's a chance to take your DIY project to the next level. 6 Taiwanese motherboard makers optimistic about AMD Ryzen So have been "aggressive about placing orders," for components. French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks Intel seeks to adapt silicon transistors to quantum computing Dell updates XPS 15 laptop with Kaby Lake CPU and Pascal GPU Gigabyte P35X v6 HEXUS Week In Review: Core i7-7700K, Aurora R5 and MasterBox 5t HEXUS Forums :: 9 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by OilSheikh - Tue 27 Dec 2016 13:34 I am confused. In the 2nd screenshot, it seems two cores have been switched off somehow and then 7GHz has been achived on two remaining cores. 7GHz x 2 = 14Ghz 4.2GHz x 4 = > 14GHz on stock speeds ? Posted by LSG501 - Tue 27 Dec 2016 14:28 OilSheikh I am confused. In the 2nd screenshot, it seems two cores have been switched off somehow and then 7GHz has been achived on two remaining cores. 7GHz x 2 = 14Ghz 4.2GHz x 4 = > 14GHz on stock speeds ?Yeah it's basically making single/dual thread performance as good as possible… personally I'd rather have more cores than pure clock speed, there's a point where the rest of the system won't keep up. Posted by qasdfdsaq - Tue 27 Dec 2016 17:19 OilSheikh I am confused. 7GHz x 2 = 14Ghz That's not how Ghz works. Posted by Biscuit - Tue 27 Dec 2016 17:37 OilSheikh I am confused. In the 2nd screenshot, it seems two cores have been switched off somehow and then 7GHz has been achived on two remaining cores. 7GHz x 2 = 14Ghz 4.2GHz x 4 = > 14GHz on stock speeds ? Do you sell computers on ebay as a side project ;) Posted by dylanlaw79 - Tue 27 Dec 2016 19:34 Biscuit OilSheikh I am confused. In the 2nd screenshot, it seems two cores have been switched off somehow and then 7GHz has been achived on two remaining cores. 7GHz x 2 = 14Ghz 4.2GHz x 4 = > 14GHz on stock speeds ? Do you sell computers on ebay as a side project ;) Haha I've seen plenty of those dodgy adverts, they should have been stopped for misadvertising a long time ago. SEE NEWER » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to beyond 7GHz 9 2 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 3 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 4 Cryptic rumour points to air cooled AMD Ryzen hitting 5GHz 9 5 Taiwanese motherboard makers optimistic about AMD Ryzen 6 1 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 2 Day 13: Win an iiyama G-Master 4K monitor 19 3 Festive greetings from all at HEXUS 19 4 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 5 Day 16: Win a Zotac Zbox and Pimax VR 15 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 Aerocool Targets Gamers and RGB Enthusiasts at CES 2017 2 Samsung introduces the stylish, powerful and practical Galaxy A 3 Experience 10 Years of ZOTAC Design and Engineering Excellence at CES 2017 4 Thecus launches two new Windows Storage Server Rackmount NAS 5 PQI into Fingerprint ID Application Market 6 Samsung to Introduce New Quantum Dot Curved Monitor at CES 2017 INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,942 Forum posts: 2,563,248 Forum threads: 247,030 Currently active users: 286 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
Menu asia times EST 1995 Donald Trump | Is Trump's appointment of Peter Navarro some kind of a joke? Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Like Follow Follow Subscribe To The Daily Brief Search Main Culture Business Insights More Politics China South Asia About Us Search TheBrief Main Latest 03-01-2017 09:46 In a landmark judgement Monday, India's Supreme Court said political parties cannot seek votes in the name of "religion, race, caste, community or language". (Asia Times staff) 03-01-2017 02:01 The rise of Chinese sci-fi: Part 1 (Carly O'Connell) 02-01-2017 19:27 Flush with funds due to the recent demonetization of high denomination notes, India’s largest lender SBI has cut lending rates by 90 basis points and other banks are expected to follow (Asia Times staff and Agencies) 02-01-2017 13:34 The daughter of Choi Soon-Sil, the woman at the centre of a corruption scandal that led to the impeachment of South Korea's President, has been arrested in Denmark after months in hiding. (Agence France-Presse) 02-01-2017 13:10 It's a wrap – of the Asian box office in 2016. Japanese hit Your Name was a runaway success, while The Mermaid seduced China and gangster flick Kabali challenged the established order in India. (Russell Edwards) 02-01-2017 12:56 Inmates of Taoyuan women's prison have become part of a burgeoning food industry in Taiwan — additive-free food made behind bars that generates millions of dollars each year. (Amber Wang) 02-01-2017 12:31 Opportunists or a front for Beijing? Richard Cook attempts to join the dots in the story of SinoFortone, the London-based Chinese company that claims to be funding vast chunks of UK infrastructure (Richard Cook) 02-01-2017 11:43 Read our weekly round-up of top stories from Myanmar. (Carole Oudot and Matthieu Baudey) 02-01-2017 11:05 Myanmar’s elusive prize preening (Gary Kleiman) 02-01-2017 03:28 India’s politicization of high-level bureaucracy is damaging (Kadayam Subramanian) 01-01-2017 23:07 Not-so-secret intelligence: The tapping of central banks (Reuven Brenner) 01-01-2017 19:28 China-Taiwan diplomatic battle shifts to Latin America (Emanuele Scimia) 01-01-2017 15:53 India’s poor, farmers, pregnant women and old people had reasons to cheer for New Year as the government announced incentives for them to build homes, avail of loans and maternity benefits and save more (Asia Times staff) 01-01-2017 15:11 10 controversies that rocked Bollywood in 2016 (Amrita Mukherjee) 31-12-2016 23:25 Modi offers slew of measures for poor after 50 days of demonetization pain (News18) 31-12-2016 23:05 Pakistan’s terrorism quandary: It’s within, not without (Shazar Shafqat, Security Analyst) 31-12-2016 22:56 China's leading television network, CCTV, is launching a new global media platform aimed at rebranding the country. (Ben Richardson) 31-12-2016 22:55 My haze-filled memory and Beijinger’s mouth mask (Jingrui Xie) 31-12-2016 20:52 After the deadline for depositing old notes, all eyes are now on Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi who is expected to make a big announcement late Saturday to ease the pain caused by the note ban. (Asia Times staff) 31-12-2016 14:51 Turkey to upgrade its customs deal with the European Union (Altay Atli) 31-12-2016 12:55 Elephant numbers pose jumbo puzzle for extinction watchers (NDRC) 31-12-2016 12:32 China said it will ban all commercial activity in ivory by the end of 2017, a move that will close the world's biggest market for the product and deal a blow to poachers and trafficking gangs. (Asia Times staff) 31-12-2016 11:23 Awareness of the devastation of poaching may be greater than ever and while some countries have declared war on the illegal wildlife trade, drastic action is needed to fend off widespread extinction. (Nicolas Delaunay) 31-12-2016 09:29 Best dream-pop albums of 2016, according to AOTY (AOTY) 31-12-2016 09:15 In business-driven Singapore, art is rarely considered a career choice. Subsonic Eye are trying to change all that. (William Marshall) 31-12-2016 03:15 Obama strikes at Russia to get at Trump (M.K. Bhadrakumar) 30-12-2016 23:41 What to expect from Chinese hospitality investments in 2017 (Daniel Meesak, Publisher of Jing Travel) 30-12-2016 23:07 For a young company SinoFortone has made big waves with headline grabbing and controversial deals in the UK. Managing Director Peter Zhang takes it all in his stride, even finding time to play landlord at Britain's most famous pub. (Richard Cook with reporting by Liu Hsiu Wen) 30-12-2016 21:21 Surgical strike: India’s changing counter-terror strategy (Pema Tseten) 30-12-2016 18:41 Abbas Kiarostami's unique eye for the intimate details of ordinary lives gave the world a deeper understanding of Iran's people and forged the auteur's reputation as one of the word's finest directors before his death in July. Close friend Seifollah Samadian looks back on a life of genius. (Mathew Scott) the brief Donald TrumpChinaTop Pick Is Trump’s appointment of Peter Navarro some kind of a joke? By George Koo December 27, 2016 9:07 PM (UTC+8) Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Share 0 Comment 0 Asia Times is not responsible for the opinions, facts or any media content presented by contributors. In case of abuse, click here to report. The Trump transition team recently announced the appointment of Peter Navarro to a newly created post as the head of newly created National Trade Council. Apparently this appointment will not require a Senate hearing and confirmation. Thus a lightweight could be rewarded for his loyalty and not risk embarrassing the new administration. On the other hand, Trump could be seriously considering Navarro as his point person in trade negotiations with China. Either way, the possible involvement of Navarro on the most important bilateral relations of the world deserves serious analysis. The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox At one time, Navarro tried his hand at politics and ran for US Congress, mayor and city council. Each time he came up empty—a many-time loser. Then he became a lame pundit who concentrated his vitriol on China mixed with questionable reasoning in economics. As one indicator, Navarro chose Gordon G. Chang to write the forward to his recent book on China’s militarism. Chang was the pundit who predicted the collapse of China in 2001, only to see China’s economy double and then double again. Navarro came to Chang’s rescue by blaming the Clinton Administration for letting China into the WTO and thus supposedly prevented Chang’s forecast of doom from coming true. Then Navarro expressed his unreserved admiration for Harry Wu because Wu was a willing talking head in Navarro’s video interviews. Since his death, Wu’s sordid past of lying, stealing other people’s money and cheating on his wife have come to light. Until Trump’s appointment, that’s the kind of company Navarro kept. Apparently, he came to Trump’s attention when he said 4-5% GDP growth is possible under Trump’s administration, even while imposing import duties on goods made in China. If that’s really so, the economic growth would have to be increasing at better than twice the historic rate associated with a good year. The simple but erroneous idea is that import tariff will protect jobs in the domestic market. It simply doesn’t work that way. It’s unbecoming for a Harvard PhD economist, like Navarro, to say so. Ronald Reagan tried to protect America’s auto industry A fairly recent example that comes to mind was when Reagan wanted to protect the American auto industry by imposing an import duty on cars made in Japan. The idea was to give the US carmakers breathing space to become more competitive. Instead of taking advantage of the import barrier to work on their competitiveness, the US car companies simply took advantage of the new prices for imported Japanese cars by raising their own sticker price. It was only after the Japanese makers transferred their plants into the US—and thus avoided the import duty—that the American companies began the serious task of having to compete. In effect, the import duty “protected” by allowing the American companies to remain inefficient. Only after the Japanese carmakers built their plants in the US that the American companies had to trim their workforce to compete. And by the way, the workforce that went to work for the Japanese carmakers were non-union and got lower pay. Imposing import duty across the board on goods made in China would be wrong-headed and even more disastrous than asking the American consumer to pay more for their cars. Most of the consumer goods made in China such as apparel, shoes, toys, and hardware haven’t been made in America in decades. There are no domestic industries to protect and the import tax would just add the daily cost of living for every American. American companies did not establish plants in China just for low cost labor but also to serve a growing local market there. The personal computer is an illustrative example. The PC used to be assembled in Taiwan and then the Taiwanese companies moved to the mainland because of the significant savings in labor. Economic pressures forced their component suppliers to follow them. Component suppliers for the PC came from Japan, Korea, Taiwan as well as the US. Intel combined its China and US manufacturing to stay competitive One of the US suppliers was Intel. They first set up an integrated circuit assembly and test plant in Chengdu to perform the final manufacturing steps on the microprocessors made in the US. The finished ICs were then shipped to the PC makers all over China. Gradually as China became a major consumer of PCs, Intel expanded their operations in China, not only at Chengdu but also added a semiconductor fab operations in Dalian. However, even today Intel continues to make 75% of their semiconductor chips in their US operations even as 75% of their market is outside of the US. Intel’s total US manufacturing payroll is much higher than its payroll for their Chengdu operation, even though the number of workers employed in Chengdu is “orders of magnitude” bigger than the number engaged in the US—according to my source inside Intel. The explanation is that the US manufacturing steps are technology intensive and highly automated. Not many workers are required but each has to be highly trained and very well paid. The Chengdu operations involving test and packaging require many workers, but each does not have to be highly technical nor highly paid. Taking advantage of the comparative advantage (that’s jargon from Econ 101) of each place gives Intel the means to maintain their technical dominance over their competition. This is nothing to do with currency manipulation, just simple economics. Most of the American companies that set up operations in China may have the low cost labor in mind initially but subsequently justified added investments because China had become a huge market in its own right. In some cases, China did impose import duty on foreign made products and thus encouraged the American companies to operate inside China—just as Reagan’s import duty encourage Japan’s auto makers to move into the US. In the end, the local investment benefited the foreign investor, but also China’s economy with a more skilled workforce. The same could apply in the reverse, i.e., as regards to China’s investments coming into the US. Chinese companies are looking to invest in the US to be closer to the major markets here. They certainly wouldn’t be looking for lower cost of labor but would be paying higher salary for more technically demanding jobs. This could only benefit the local economy in the US. Xenophobia and stupidity should not discourage these investments just because they are from China. Navarro makes no bones about demonizing China in everything he has said, but is he really compatible with Donald Trump’s real personal interests? Last month, a video of Trump’s granddaughter Arabella Kushner reciting a poem in Chinese won the hearts of millions of Chinese. This suggests that Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, and her husband, Jared Kushner, understand the importance of learning Chinese for their 5-year old daughter’s future. Surely they have more influence on Ivanka’s father than Navarro? Sheldon Adelson has been one of Trump’s major supporters. His billions of net worth is tied to majority ownership of Las Vegas Sands and more than 60% of revenue and profits of the company is derived from Macau. He could hardly be pleased if Trump were to deliberately raise the tension between the US and China. China exercises its international influence far differently from the American way of relying on military alliances. Close to 100 countries have China as their largest trading partner. Among them, some 60 plus are also members of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank or are recipients of AIIB investments. Their relationship with China is based on common economic interests. The Trump Administration should also consider the merits of developing a bilateral relations based on shared economic interest. Bilateral basis for common economic interest Consider for example the economic benefits of tourism from China to the US Last year, less than 3% of China’s total outbound tourists came to the US and they spent over US$30 billion. That was the first full year when the Chinese were granted 10-year, multi-entry visas to visit the US. The future impact of Chinese tourists on the American economy will continue to grow exponentially, provided of course that the US and China are not engaged in some mano a mano test of military armament. There are over 330,000 Chinese students studying in the US in the academic year just past. According to the Department of Commerce, these students contributed US$11.4 billion to help prop up the finances of the US universities as well as the local economy. Not to be overlooked another benefit of these students is that as much as 75% of the graduates would prefer to stay and work in the US if the US would permit. China produces many more times graduates in science, technology, engineering and mathematics than the US can produce. They are just the talent pool American companies desperately need to keep their plants operating and not having to move them offshore. Trump has to understand that America is losing jobs to automation and technological advances and not to China. Someday, for example, Uber is going to rely of self-drive cars and all the drivers will have to find another job. Amazon will use drones to deliver their packages and UPS will have to either operate the drones or else find some other line of work. Encouraging the employment of Chinese graduates will buy Trump time to figure out how to save high paying jobs that will stay ahead of the technology evolution. America’s future lies in generating highly qualified and skilled workers and not in bringing back low paying jobs from overseas. Thus, we hope that Trump will have the wisdom to look for the win-win approach with China. To promote Navarro’s line of military confrontation and restart the nuclear race can only lead to a lose-lose outcome and such outcomes would be devastating beyond imagination. Share Tweet Linkedin Email Donald Trump China United States Peter Navarro National Trade Council Intel Business Politics economics George Koo Dr. George Koo recently retired from a global advisory services firm where he advised clients on their China strategies and business operations. Educated at MIT, Stevens Institute and Santa Clara University, he is the founder and former managing director of International Strategic Alliances. He is a member of the Committee of 100, and a director of New America Media. Comments More from this author The Kim Loo Sisters, true Chinese-American icons 14-12-2016 11:48 How Donald Trump can make America great again 17-11-2016 17:05 On his 110th birthday, Prof. C.K. Jen gets a hometown honor 07-10-2016 20:24 EVEN MORE asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin Explore Main Culture Business Insights Politics China South Asia Trending Topics #Southeast Asia #Middle East #Japan #India #Koreas #South China Sea #Sport About About Asia Times Contact Us Advertise with Us Write for Us Terms of Use Privacy The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox © 2017 Asia Times Holdings Limited, All Rights Reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand Lenovo Yoga 510 Review: Inconsistent Performer Rohith Bhaskar Dec 27, 2016, 06.39 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit LenovoImage Credit If the word “Yoga” makes you think of Baba Ramdev striking an impossible pose, then don’t fret! We get it, Baba Ramdev has managed to market himself in a way that has made the word his brand. In the technology world, Lenovo has managed to carve a unique niche for itself with its “Yoga” line-up of flexible machines, so much so that a new Yoga release manages to drum up some great hype! So, is the Lenovo Yoga 510 worth the hype? The review unit that we received was the black colour variant with the following specs: Processor: Intel i5 7200 @ 2.5GHz Display: 14 inch Full HD IPS LCD touch Panel RAM: 4 GB Storage: 1 TB GPU: ATI Radeon R5 M430 and Intel HD Graphics 620 Battery: 2 Cell 39WH, rated for up to five hours Design Over the last few years, Lenovo has managed to crank out some nice designs for its laptop range, The Yoga 510 is not an exception. The machine looks classy and suave, while it is not going grab your attention from across the room, there is an understated appeal to one when you hold it in your hands. The shiny silver ring around the chassis on the black one, for instance is one of the many subtle touches that Lenovo has managed to pack into the design. The way the chassis moves outwards in straight lines across the edges is another or the lid which slopes downward from the edges. In Fact, the lid and the bottom portion of the laptop never truly meet when closed, which subtly hints at the fact, that there is more to this machine than simply being laptop for you to lug around. If I were forced to say one bad thing about the design, it’s the fact that you can’t open the lid, one handed, the hinge mechanism is solid but also weirdly feels springy at times, in my attempts to open the lid one handed, I almost always lifted the machine clean off the table, sometimes this happened right when I had the lid half open, meaning it will just shut close and slip from my finger. It isn’t a huge issue though; it was something I could get used to quickly. The keyboard is well spaced and the keys have a satisfying click when you type, if I were to knit-pick, I would say that the Caps Lock button is placed far too close to the “A” key for comfort, so it isn’t uncommon to suddenly go “ALL CAPS RAGE” in a chat window. The trackpad is big and spacious and importantly, there is a sizeable amount of space between it and the keyboard, which is appreciated, especially for those with big fingers. As the name implies, the machines flexibility allows it to morph between four different modes, Laptop mode is the common notebook mode, Tablet allows you to fold the Keyboard away behind the screen, doing so disables the keyboard/trackpad to prevent accidental inputs which is great but I found I used this mode the least, partly because I was always worried I would knock some keys off from the keyboard while it was folded, Stand mode is a sort of hybrid tablet mode, instead of folding the keyboard away behind the screen, you keep it face down on the surface (Gulp!), while the screen stays perpendicular and Tent mode allows you to pitch the machine in a “A” shaped position. In my use, I found that I used Tent and laptop the most out of the modes, mainly because I never felt comfortable having the keyboard folded away at the back of the screen or lying face down on a surface. Don’t get me wrong, this is not a knock against the design, the hinge is solid, throughout my use, it never gave me any problems but I just couldn’t help but get nervous when I felt the keys on the back while in tablet mode or knowing that the keyboard is face-down on a surface in stand mode. Performance The 510 is unfortunately, a rather inconsistent performer. Sometimes the machine took so long to boot up, I thought there was something wrong and would try to hit the power button, other times it would boot up but take so long to load up background services that you would sit and stare at the wallpaper because nothing would register on the screen except the movements of your frustrated mouse pointer. The times it did work, the 510 is snappy but not in a way that is going to other machines in its class a complex, there is sometimes a noticeable delay in what you type and it appearing on the screen, there were times when I would type a sentence and find that the cursor hadn’t moved past the first letter, only to have the rest of the text appear in a flash, completing the sentence. The one area that the 510 absolutely shines in though, is the screen. It’s bright, vibrant and captures detail well. Watching a film was a very pleasant experience on this machine. The Harman branded speaker system is also very good, they exceed the standards of other laptop speakers in the same price point, unfortunately these are down firing, meaning they are located at the bottom of the machine. Thankfully, this is one area where the 510’s Flex ability comes in great handy. In fact, I was surprised at the amount of times I did use 510’s yoga prowess, after being sceptical initially. There are practical uses for all the added shape shifting abilities. Another neat thing was the fact that the machine lasted me five hours on a charge on about fifty percent brightness and moderate use. Under heavy use, it lasted four. We were about to finish two movies on a single charge with the brightness turned up to one hundred percent. Conclusion The Lenovo Yoga 510 is an odd case, it has the makings of a classic, a great design, fantastic screen, great trackpad and keyboard, decent battery life…On paper, it has the makings to be a fantastic machine, unfortunately, none of these come together to form a cohesive whole due to the inconsistent performance. At a price starting at rupees sixty thousand, it’s a tough pill to swallow. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: Yoga BookYoga 510reviewsLenovoGadgets Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryHonor 8 to get Android Nougat update Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author Thanks for the kicks, CyanogenMod Intex prohibited from selling Aqua branded goods as per Delhi High Court judgement Related stories Hands on with the Lenovo Yoga Book The Best Worst Product Reviews on Amazon Ignore The Reviews: Watch Suicide Squad Lenovo K6 Power: First impressions Lenovo Now Officially Owns Motorola Gadgets Are Not People Personalized Recommendations Editor's Pick Lenovo Yoga 510 Review: Inconsistent Performer The Magic of George Michael: Bringing the “Faith” over a Glorious 30-Year Music Career OnePlus 3T review: Still the best damn phone for less than Rs 30,000 Nucleya Adds His Signature Bass To Papon’s Bihu in The Dewarists’ Latest Music Collaboration Confused between OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T? Read this Super Mario Run: My first 20 minutes! Hot Right Now CyanogenMod reborn, download Lineage OS right now BSNL has launched Rs 144 unlimited calling plan to take on Reliance Jio Leaks suggest iOS 10.3 incoming with mysterious 'Theater Mode' BHIM app tops Google Play store within 3 days of launch Microsoft to launch Surface Pro 5 tablet soon: Report Google's Gboard keyboard app is now being used on 500 million devices Dell XPS 13 Convertible tipped for CES 2017 Vivo V5 Plus will launch on Jan 23 with dual-selfie cameras Overlook Paytm, PM Modi launches a new ‘BHIM’ mobile app PSA: Android Nougat update has arrived for the OnePlus 3T and the OnePlus 3 Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social The next Galaxy Note may be a Galaxy S8 Plus instead, leaks suggest Android 7.0 Nougat is rolling out to Moto Z Phones in India Android 7.0 Nougat is rolling out to Moto Z Phones in India OnePlus 3T soft-gold variant goes on sale starting January 5 Overlook Paytm, PM Modi launches a new ‘BHIM’ mobile app AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: The Lloyd Mathias Interview (Part 1) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Lloyd Mathias Interview (Part 2) #AdAgeUnicorns: Lloyd Mathias to Share His Marketing Journey on December 15 #AdAgeUnicorns: The R Balki Interview (Part 2) Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Micromax Canvas Mega 4G Q417 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 7499BUY5.5" Screen, 3GB RAM Lava A97 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black & Gold) ₹ 5300BUY5"Screen, 5MP Camera Asus Zenfone Max ZC550KL - 16GB (Black) ₹ 9199BUY5000 mAh Battery About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
Trending: Tips for new tech devices IDG Editors on tech trends for '17 Tech luminaries we lost in 2016 Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Tips on shooting great video with your drone Free tools for your cyber-security efforts 5 tips for succeeding with a virtual workforce More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Emerging Technology Artificial Intelligence News Analysis After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point Artificial intelligence progress expected to continue to accelerate in coming year By Sharon Gaudin | Follow Senior Writer, Computerworld | Dec 27, 2016 3:00 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Tej3478 More like this Google needs solid win with release of smart Allo app AWS comes out swinging with A.I. services Why Google A.I. is the last user interface Video Mingis on Tech: Google rolls out the hardware For artificial intelligence, 2016 has been a big year. After years of researchers saying artificial intelligence (A.I.) was on the cusp of a revolution, the technology has made major advances this past year. And now, finally, the beginnings of that major A.I. revolution seem to be here. "It's been a huge year in A.I.," said Patrick Moorhead, an analyst with Moor Insights & Strategy. "We've seen industry giants -- like Microsoft, Google, Amazon, IBM, Intel, and Nvidia -- either make A.I. their company 'north star' or add and advance the craft with new offerings to democratize A.I." In this past year, the land grab for anything A.I. was one of the most noticeable aspects of this industry. For instance, in this past year alone, at least 20 artificial intelligence companies have been acquired, according to CB Insights, a tech market analysis company. In 2016, Apple acquired Emotient, Tuplejump, and Turi, while Salesforce bought PredictionIQ and MetaMind; Google picked up Api.ai and Moodstocks; and Intel acquired Itseez, Nervana Systems and Movidius. Twitter, eBay, Oracle, Amazon, Microsoft, and GE also acquired A.I. companies. Some of the companies getting scooped up were startups, meaning the big companies were often as interested in the A.I. researchers as much as the technology they were working on. That's because big players in, and out, of the tech industry see the writing on the wall. A.I. is going to be a big player, whether it's being used to help customers pick out the perfect jacket online, or give them directions around an accident on their commute home, find fraudulent action on client accounts, or interact with clients and customers using voice commands, text, and chat apps. Executives at online retailer 1-800-Flowers, for instance, say artificial intelligence technology is so important that it will completely change their business. "We are on the cusp of a change as big as when e-commerce hit," said Chris McCann, president and CEO of 1-800-Flowers.com, in an interview this fall. "It's giving us the opportunity to have such deep relationships with our customers that it'll be like the company hasn't existed before." This past May, Google showed how focused it is on A.I. during its annual Google I/O developers conference, unveiling A.I.-powered products like Google Assistant, its Google Home device, the Allo chat app and the Duo video chat app. And this past October, IBM president and CEO Ginni Rometty said during a keynote at the company's World of Watson conference that in the next five years, every major decision -- personal or business -- will be made with the help of IBM's Watson A.I. system. A statement like that takes a lot of confidence in advances coming in the technology. "We are about where I expected we'd be in the industry but, be aware, this is a moving bar and one big breakthrough could change this dynamic dramatically. And there are a lot of people in the hunt for that breakthrough," said Rob Enderle, an analyst with the Enderle Group. "Next year, we'll see a lot more smart systems, an increasingly capable group of smart assistants and far more self-driving, and even self-flying, vehicles being tested." In other words, in the coming year artificial intelligence advances may begin to cascade, instead of simply inch forward. And A.I. itself could begin to fuel that progress. "Right now, A.I. is largely being created by humans," said Enderle. "The big wave will likely come when A.I. systems are more aggressively used to create future A.I. systems. When that happens, the speed of advancement will likely follow less of a linear scale and more of an algorithmic one." For Moorhead, he thinks 2017 will see an increasing number of companies using artificial intelligence-based platforms in their apps and services. "I also think we will start to see enterprises jumping onto the A.I. bandwagon," he added. "I expect the Tesla full autonomous car capabilities will be close to be turned on... I don't believe we're yet at the tipping point [with A.I.] but we are close. The tipping point will likely happen next year as A.I. makes its way into more apps." Dave Schubmehl, an analyst with IDC, said he too expects to see more enterprises adopting A.I. technologies in the coming year. "I think we'll see a significant increase in the distribution and use of A.I. that is embedded within enterprise applications, providing guidance, recommendations, and predictions," he said. "I think we're on track as far as what we're seeing in the marketplace." Schubmehl, however, said while there have been strong advances in conversational A.I. systems, he's disappointed there haven't been more advances in consumer-focused digital assistants. Moorhead, agreed, adding, "Intelligent agents, like Alexa and Siri, are behind where I thought they'd be." They're hoping, though, that 2017 will see that turn around. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Artificial Intelligence Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications Senior Writer Sharon Gaudin covers the Internet, social media, cloud computing and emerging technologies for Computerworld. Review: Microsoft Teams tries to do Slack one better Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Puppet Assess Your Organization’s DevOps Maturity Popular Resources eBook Sponsored Huddle Spaces: The New Look for Corporate Workspaces White Paper Solving the Storage Dilemma for High-Performance Applications Video/Webcast Sponsored Amazon Web Services Provides Guidance on How to Take Control of Your Cloud-Based Infrastructure and Applications Video/Webcast Sponsored Case Study: How ILG Paints a Picture-Perfect View of Member Experience Video/Webcast Sponsored Customer focused Capture & Case Management in the Cloud Go Top Stories Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' President-elect Donald Trump weighed in on IT security at a New Year's Eve party, suggesting that the... Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Considering a data warehouse system? Download this free report for side-by-side comparisons of rival... Making gas stations safe for fraudsters again With soaring online fraud, Mastercard and Visa have done what they can to boost in-store crime. They... 2016: The tech year in cartoons From Microsoft’s push to get users to upgrade to Windows 10 — whether they wanted to or not — to the... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Happy Holidays! This site relies upon advertisements to continue producing new Linux/open-source content over the past 12+ years. If you wish to continue blocking ads, please consider this holiday joining ad-free Phoronix Premium. Besides an ad-free experience, Phoronix Premium grants access to multi-page articles on a single page and other benefits while still supporting our site. Or if you insist on blocking ads, perhaps consider a holiday tip? Thanks for your support and happy holidays. Mesa Hit OpenGL 4.5, Received Vulkan Drivers, Improved Performance & More In 2016 Written by Michael Larabel in Mesa on 27 December 2016 at 06:24 AM EST. Add A Comment Almost any longtime Linux user or Phoronix reader will surely agree with me that Mesa absolutely rocked this year for the open-source graphics stack. This year Mesa finally hit OpenGL 4.5 compliance (along with OpenGL 4.3/4.4 before that), received its first Vulkan drivers via Intel ANV and the unofficial Radeon RADV code, saw many significant performance improvements throughout core Mesa and the hardware drivers, seen improvements to NIR and other core areas of Mesa, saw AMD Polaris support in RadeonSI at launch, the OpenSWR software rasterizer was merged, various improvements to the Gallium3D state trackers like for video acceleration and D3D9, and so much more. For reminiscing over Mesa's hell of a year, here's a look at the most popular Mesa articles on Phoronix in 2016 of our over 200 original articles about the Mesa3D project this year: BioShock Infinite Can Run More Than 23% Faster With New RadeonSI Patches Marek Olšák at AMD continues optimizing the RadeonSI Gallium3D driver for offering much better Linux gaming performance when using this open-source AMD graphics driver code. The latest are double-digit gains for at least the BioShock Infinite game. RadeonSI Patches For Compiling Optimized Shader Variants Asynchronously AMD developer Marek Olšák pushed his latest RadeonSI Gallium3D patch series into Mesa Git a few hours ago for further improving the open-source Radeon OpenGL driver stack. Mesa 12.0 RC4 Released, Mesa 12 Officially Coming Soon Emil Velikov announced the release this morning of the fourth and final planned release candidate for Mesa 12.0. Mesa 11.2 Features For When It's Released Very Soon Besides Linux 4.5 expected this weekend, the release of Mesa 11.2 is also imminent. AMD Polaris Support Lands In Mesa's RadeonSI Gallium3D Driver While AMD just open-sourced their next-gen Polaris graphics driver code this week, changes have already landed in LLVM and this morning the Mesa/Gallium3D modifications necessary have landed in mainline Mesa. The 12 Big New Features Of Mesa 12.0 With Mesa 12 now having been branched with plans to release next month, the code is under a feature freeze as developers turn to fixing bugs ahead of this stable release. With no more major features planned, here's an overview of the new features for Mesa 12.0. Latest Mesa Update Lands In Ubuntu 16.04, Enables OpenGL 4.1 With LLVM 3.8 In the process of landing in the Ubuntu 16.04 "Xenial Xerus" package archive is the newly-minted Mesa 11.1.2. While a point release update for Ubuntu of Mesa isn't usually noteworthy, with this change they are also building against LLVM 3.8 to allow OpenGL 4.1 support for the RadeonSI Gallium3D driver. OpenGL 4.5 Is Not The End Of The Road For OpenGL Particularly after writing about OpenGL 4 progress in Mesa, it's quite common to see comments in our forums and elsewhere about people thinking when "Mesa is done" or how "OpenGL 4.5 is the last major release" or "Vulkan makes OpenGL dead", etc. Mesa & AMDGPU-PRO Appear To Run Fine With Rocket League On Linux With many Linux gamers having looked forward to the Linux release of Rocket League, I tested out the Linux port of the game when using Mesa RadeonSI Gallium3D as well as the AMDGPU-PRO blob. Mesa 11.2.1 Released For Stable Users Of Open-Source Linux GPU Drivers Mesa 11.2.1 is now available as the first maintenance release for Mesa 11.2. Much Faster MSAA Anti-Aliasing Is Coming For R600g/RadeonSI Marek Olšák posted a patch today to significantly boost the performance for games using multi-sample anti-aliasing (MSAA) on both the R600g and RadeonSI Gallium3D drivers. Core Mesa Is Now Just One Step Away From OpenGL 4.3 Compliance Mesa is now very close to OpenGL 4.3 compliance thanks to a massive patch series that was posted today for review. Intel's Mesa Driver Now Enables OpenGL 4.5 Intel's Mesa OpenGL driver now officially enables OpenGL 4.5 support for Broadwell "Gen 8" hardware and newer. Radeon GL Threading Work Leads To 70% Speed Boost In At Least One Game Expert Mesa developer Marek Olšák at AMD is spending this weekend hacking on some new OpenGL threading code to benefit the open-source Radeon Linux driver stack. Marek Continues Baking More Mesa Optimizations AMD developer Marek Olšák continues leading their recent charge on looking to boost the performance potential out of Mesa / Gallium3D. Marek Has Taken To Improving Mesa's GLSL Compiler Performance With catching up on the OpenGL extensions, Marek Olšák of AMD has been spending a fair amount of time on performance optimizations for the AMD's open-source OpenGL driver and some code that benefits Mesa as a whole too. One of his latest patch series is on optimizing Mesa's GLSL compiler performance. These 17 Patches Effectively Put Intel Mesa Done With OpenGL 4.4 & 4.5 Timothy Arceri sent out the latest version of his Intel Mesa patches for the ARB_enhanced_layouts OpenGL extension. These patches finish up this last GL extension that's needed by this open-source Intel Linux driver before it can claim OpenGL 4.4 and then 4.5 compliance. Getting Started With Mesa Development This Weekend It seems more and more independent developers are interested in getting involved in Mesa open-source graphics driver development, but aren't really sure where to start or what are some easy tasks to get started. Features You Will Not Find In The Mesa 13.0 Release While Mesa 13.0 is coming along for release next month with exciting features like OpenGL 4.5 for Intel, unofficial GL 4.4/4.5 for RadeonSI/NVC0, and the addition of the RADV Radeon Vulkan driver, there is some functionality that sadly won't be found in this release. BioShock Infinite Runs Much Faster For RadeonSI On Mesa Git: ~40% Earlier this week the deferred flushes change landed in Radeon Gallium3D code for reportedly offering 23%+ performance improvements in BioShock Infinite as one example. I've tested out BioShock Infinite and other changes to confirm the performance differences. For those wanting to remember about last year's Mesa strides for comparison, see The Mesmerizing Mesa Milestones Of 2015. Add A Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Mesa News GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Mesa Saw More Than 10,000 Commits This Year From Record Number Of Contributors VC4 Gallium3D Lands Some Minor Optimizations, 2016 Was Great For This RPi 3D Driver Mesa's RADV Vulkan Driver Receives Some Fixes For DOOM Etnaviv Gallium3D Driver Revived, Render-Only Library Updated Too NVIDIA Developer Posts Auto PRIME Detection, Mesa USB Loader Support Popular News Wine 2.0 Is Looking Like It Will Be A Late January Release Mesa's RADV Vulkan Driver Receives Some Fixes For DOOM Former Valve Developer: Steam Linux Project Was The Hardest The Top BSD News This Year: Ubuntu Atop BSD, FreeBSD 11.0, DragonFly's HAMMER2 Arcan Display Server Working On X.Org / Wayland Compatibility Lineage: Forking CyanogenMod To A New Android Distribution Latest Linux News RadeonSI Patches Boost Deus Ex: MD Performance By ~70% Dawn-CC: Automatically Adding OpenACC/OpenMP Directives To Programs KDE Kirigami UI 2.0 Beta Released: Better Android Integration, QQC2 Focus Linux 4.9/4.10, Solaris Rumors, Graphics Driver News Ended Out 2016 GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Should Tarballs Be On Their Way Out The Door In 2017? Steam's Linux Marketshare Ended Slightly Lower For 2016 Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 Steam's Top Grossing Games Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Featured Articles Happy New Year! That's A Wrap For 2016 With 3,336 New Articles + 248 Reviews/Featured Articles Setting Up A MoCA 2.0 Ethernet-Over-Coax Network, Linux LAN Benchmarks EXT4 / F2FS / Btrfs / XFS On Early Linux 4.10 Kernel NVIDIA CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks For Ending 2016 + cuDNN Caffe AlexNet/Googlenet Running The Intel NUC6i7KYK On Linux With Skylake Iris Pro Graphics Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos Most Popular Around 60 killed in Brazil prison riot - state official - 00:55 Cubans plug in as internet access spreads - 01:22 Supersized humanoid robot unveiled in South Korea - 01:56 Cuba puts on show of strength as Trump inauguration nears - 01:22 Stranded migrants in Serbia face cold winter as shelters overflow and conditions deteriorate - 01:42 Iraqi forces rely on drones as they advance in eastern Mosul - 01:09 Islamic State launches attack away from Mosul fight - Amaq - 00:44 Iraqi forces say drones are key in battle against Islamic State - 00:56 Qatari desert farmers make their own soil - 01:49 Iraqi forces face fierce Islamic State combat in south Mosul - 01:14 Reuters Today: Spanish yields seen rising at auction - 06:21 Baby bald eagle hatches in Florida - 00:54 Trading at Noon: Market giants report earnings Tuesday, April 17, 2012 - 02:26 April 17 - Goldman Sachs and Coca-Cola beat estimates; keep an eye on IBM, Yahoo and Intel reporting after the bell. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Earnings season in full swing Goldman Sachs and Coca-Cola. Beating estimates revenue for Johnson Johnson has slightly disappointing. And reporting after the bell today IBM Yahoo! and Intel. Start time had high hopes for the chipmaker with analysts saying the stock should trade at fifteen dollars higher at 43 bucks as opposed to the twenty dollar range. It's gonna introduce a new processor later this year which can support windows eight. And analysts are very optimistic about it and therefore have given anti higher earnings estimates which we predict you're gonna be going for the next requires. As Freddie and investors are also looking for a higher full year outlook if suffered and remains strong. Corporate earnings and results for Spanish sovereign bond option driving stocks higher today leading the advance on the S&P 500. Let's check out right now energy materials and information technology outlook looks percent. A mix that you economic data out this morning having little impact on stocks US housing starts -- march that permits rose to their highest level in years. If you're futures are up nearly two bucks I knew that -- and unblock a glut of oil from the midwest. Gold is sliding for a third day today and treasury prices are slipping bringing the yield on the ten year 2%. And that's a lot let's go to -- its markets correspondent and women who has more on First Solar wind is cutting 30%. Shares -- first dollar rose nearly 4% this morning. After he -- power company announced that it will shut down some of its manufacturing unit. What prices also rose giving up this to refinery stocks like Exxon and Chevron. Who -- more than 1%. The apple is not -- just yet shares in the tech giant are on the rebound today after declining for five days. The stock dropped 4% yesterday speaking fifty billion dollars on the market cap. -- shares of how America on the move right now I can see there more than 3% after the regional bank posted a higher first quarter profit. And don't even think about it that's the message -- new White House proposal cracking down on speculation in the oil futures markets. President Obama is looking for ten fold increase in the maximum civil and criminal penalties on manipulation he's also seeking more funding from congress so that the CFTC can increase its surveillance staff. And the proposal would give it to cede power to raise margin requirements in the oil futures markets. But suffocating man I'm John -- this -- writers. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/1EE2SUI <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=233485281"></iframe> Close Trading at Noon: Market giants report earnings Tuesday, April 17, 2012 - 02:26 Top News » Daughter of South Korean leader's friend... 6:55am IST - (1:00) Cuba puts on show of strength as Trump... 3:47am IST - (1:22) Car bombing in Baghdad's Sadr City kills at... Mon, 02 Jan, 2017 - (1:12) Islamic State claims Istanbul attack, gunman... Mon, 02 Jan, 2017 - (1:25) Iraqi forces rely on drones as they advance in... Mon, 02 Jan, 2017 - (1:09) Families identify victims of Istanbul attack Mon, 02 Jan, 2017 - (0:53) Turks mourn victims of nightclub attack with... Mon, 02 Jan, 2017 - (1:50) Bespoke beer brewed according to your DNA Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (2:08) Supersized humanoid robot unveiled in South... Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (1:56) Tennis star Serena Williams says she's engaged Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (0:35) Shooter kills 11, himself in Brazil New Year's... Mon, 02 Jan, 2017 - (0:58) U.S. senators push for tougher sanctions... Mon, 02 Jan, 2017 - (1:40) Dozens dead in Turkish nightclub attack Sun, 01 Jan, 2017 - (1:20) Dozens killed in nightclub attack - official Sun, 01 Jan, 2017 - (1:13) Iraqi's displaced celebrate New Year in song... Sat, 31 Dec, 2016 - (1:14) Civilians leave Mosul as Iraqi forces advance Sat, 31 Dec, 2016 - (1:06) Olympic athletes honoured in Queen's New Year... Sat, 31 Dec, 2016 - (0:56) Russian cyber attacks are 'acts of war' -... Sat, 31 Dec, 2016 - (1:08) Political risks: a big test for markets in... Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (1:33) Markets fare well despite a year of shock Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (1:44) Times Square New Year’s Eve ball test... Sat, 31 Dec, 2016 - (1:30) Brazil says Greek ambassador murdered by... Sat, 31 Dec, 2016 - (0:56) Britain scolds U.S. over Israel comments Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (1:13) Iraqi forces face fierce Islamic State combat... Sat, 31 Dec, 2016 - (1:14) European cities ramp up security for New Year... Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (1:18) Business » Wall St ends solid 2016 on dour note Sat, 31 Dec, 2016 - (1:17) Crystal Ball drops in Times Square for test Sat, 31 Dec, 2016 - (0:55) Tech to boost 2017 IPO market Sat, 31 Dec, 2016 - (1:52) Markets fare well despite a year of shock Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (1:44) 2016 sees third largest number of M&As ever Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (1:30) Political risks: a big test for markets in... Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (1:33) Breakingviews TV: Disney's Netflix fix Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (3:26) China's currency plunges in 2016 Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (1:42) Cubans plug in as internet access spreads Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (1:22) Asia stocks end 2016 on buoyant note Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (1:45) Wall St edges down as bank shares weigh Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (1:16) Burger King, Tim Hortons cut antibiotics in... Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (0:55) Jonathan Corpina's best investment idea for... Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (4:02) Cubans optimistic despite economic contraction Thu, 29 Dec, 2016 - (1:29) Takata could settle next month - source Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (1:16) Sprint, OneWeb say 8,000 jobs part of SoftBank... Thu, 29 Dec, 2016 - (0:53) Brexit Britain: business morale high for now Thu, 29 Dec, 2016 - (1:23) Breakingviews TV: Trickledown Trump Thu, 29 Dec, 2016 - (3:37) Ad agency head resigns over 'death by... Thu, 29 Dec, 2016 - (1:32) 2016: Europe banks' annus horribilis? Thu, 29 Dec, 2016 - (1:39) Toshiba shares tumble after second downgrade Thu, 29 Dec, 2016 - (1:07) Largest drop in two months as Wall St rally... Thu, 29 Dec, 2016 - (1:14) Tim Anderson on why Dow 20k may be a... Thu, 29 Dec, 2016 - (5:05) S. Korea fines Qualcomm $854 mln Thu, 29 Dec, 2016 - (0:56) Delta cancels order for 18 Dreamliners Thu, 29 Dec, 2016 - (1:16) Rough Cuts » Islamic State launches attack away from Mosul... Mon, 02 Jan, 2017 - (0:44) Thousands turn out for London's New Year... Sun, 01 Jan, 2017 - (0:51) Dozens dead in Turkish nightclub attack Sun, 01 Jan, 2017 - (1:20) Dozens killed in nightclub attack - official Sun, 01 Jan, 2017 - (1:13) Pope urges action on youth employment in 2017 Sun, 01 Jan, 2017 - (1:22) Fireworks, music herald New Year in Hong Kong,... Sat, 31 Dec, 2016 - (1:23) UN council endorses Syria ceasefire brokered... Sun, 01 Jan, 2017 - (1:26) New Zealand ushers in 2017 with fireworks... Sat, 31 Dec, 2016 - (0:36) Annual Sydney fireworks show ushers in 2017 Sat, 31 Dec, 2016 - (0:45) Soldiers patrol Paris ahead of New Year... Sat, 31 Dec, 2016 - (0:46) Merkel says Islamist terrorism is biggest test... Sat, 31 Dec, 2016 - (0:43) Civilians leave Mosul as Iraqi forces advance Sat, 31 Dec, 2016 - (1:06) Olympic athletes honoured in Queen's New Year... Sat, 31 Dec, 2016 - (0:56) Russian cyber attacks are 'acts of war' -... Sat, 31 Dec, 2016 - (1:08) Peru shamans see a turbulent 2017 Sat, 31 Dec, 2016 - (1:04) Times Square New Year’s Eve ball test... Sat, 31 Dec, 2016 - (1:30) Twin panda babies public debut at Austrian zoo Sat, 31 Dec, 2016 - (0:58) Russia's U.N. ambassador calls compound... Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (0:50) Polish truck driver killed in Berlin market... Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (1:05) Turkey detains 30 Islamic State suspects in... Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (0:44) Rescue efforts underway in India after deadly... Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (0:55) Preparing for the Tournament of Roses Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (0:48) Assad appears on state TV, no direct comments... Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (0:58) Children among the dead in Damascus air... Thu, 29 Dec, 2016 - (1:09) Rain does not dampen Times Square confetti... Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (1:19) Technology » Bespoke beer brewed according to your DNA Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (2:08) Supersized humanoid robot unveiled in South... Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (1:56) World Cup labourers to stay safe with cooling... Thu, 29 Dec, 2016 - (1:20) Negative emotions hurt Type 2 diabetics'... Thu, 29 Dec, 2016 - (2:43) Coding schools aim to fill tech job demand Wed, 28 Dec, 2016 - (1:36) Delft team seeks Hyperloop prize Wed, 28 Dec, 2016 - (1:52) Winter run better for the body, say scientists Wed, 28 Dec, 2016 - (2:02) Robotic sommelier decants wine to your taste Fri, 23 Dec, 2016 - (2:16) Mini-factories could allow drug production on... Wed, 21 Dec, 2016 - (2:11) Researchers find neuron protein triggers... Tue, 20 Dec, 2016 - (1:45) Security drone 'to replace manned guards' Tue, 20 Dec, 2016 - (1:41) NYC dirt has scientists digging for antibiotic... Tue, 20 Dec, 2016 - (2:25) Artificial skin harnessed from algae Mon, 19 Dec, 2016 - (1:54) High-speed internet communications satellite... Mon, 19 Dec, 2016 - (1:17) Starfish larva timelapse wins science video... Thu, 15 Dec, 2016 - (1:15) NASA's Mars rover finds new clues about life... Wed, 14 Dec, 2016 - (1:18) Not so pretty debut for China’s favorite photo... Fri, 16 Dec, 2016 - (2:20) Trump to tech execs: "I'm here to help you... Thu, 15 Dec, 2016 - (1:14) Satellite images help scientists predict sea... Wed, 14 Dec, 2016 - (1:19) All terrain wheelchair made from bike parts... Tue, 13 Dec, 2016 - (2:01) UK scientists search for life on Mars evidence Tue, 13 Dec, 2016 - (2:16) Lower mercury levels in Atlantic bluefin tuna... Tue, 13 Dec, 2016 - (3:03) Who's to blame when driverless cars crash? Mon, 12 Dec, 2016 - (2:16) Trump lands in Michigan snowstorm Sat, 10 Dec, 2016 - (0:35) Tree pulp in mayo? Nanocellulose research... Sat, 10 Dec, 2016 - (2:07) Oddly Enough » Peru shamans see a turbulent 2017 Sat, 31 Dec, 2016 - (1:04) Giant Trump rooster statue draws crowds... Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (0:36) Rain does not dampen Times Square confetti... Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (1:19) As 2017 looms, New Yorkers shred bad memories... Thu, 29 Dec, 2016 - (0:38) New Yorkers gather to shred bad memories of... Thu, 29 Dec, 2016 - (0:55) Homesick refugee creates miniatures of life in... Tue, 27 Dec, 2016 - (0:40) Circus performers entertain Pope Francis at... Wed, 28 Dec, 2016 - (1:25) Robot reveals Antarctica's colorful underwater... Wed, 28 Dec, 2016 - (1:04) Waterford crystals installed high above Times... Wed, 28 Dec, 2016 - (1:20) Peruvians duke it out in traditional Christmas... Tue, 27 Dec, 2016 - (1:15) Santa takes off in Finland to start Christmas... Sat, 24 Dec, 2016 - (1:03) U.S. troops celebrate Christmas with orphans... Fri, 23 Dec, 2016 - (1:00) Bogota 'doll hospital' releases dolls just in... Fri, 23 Dec, 2016 - (1:37) Truck driver hits dozens of cars in Thailand Fri, 23 Dec, 2016 - (0:35) Deaf children enjoy holiday concert Thu, 22 Dec, 2016 - (1:10) Rare Bornean orangutans released into the wild Thu, 22 Dec, 2016 - (0:51) Polar bear chills out for 26th birthday with... Thu, 22 Dec, 2016 - (1:02) Pastorela puts a new spin on a Christmas... Thu, 22 Dec, 2016 - (1:18) Festive cheer lights up British pub Wed, 21 Dec, 2016 - (0:50) Kung Fu immortalised in world's first 3D... Wed, 21 Dec, 2016 - (1:19) Christmas comes early for animals at Sydney... Wed, 21 Dec, 2016 - (0:45) Famed London pub covered in 85 Christmas trees Wed, 21 Dec, 2016 - (0:57) Chinese artist live streams Beijing's smog to... Mon, 19 Dec, 2016 - (0:54) Sweden's wonderful world of gingerbread Mon, 19 Dec, 2016 - (0:53) Unusual celebrations mark Christmas season in... Mon, 19 Dec, 2016 - (1:27) Entertainment » Fireworks, music herald New Year in Hong Kong,... Sat, 31 Dec, 2016 - (1:23) Tennis star Serena Williams says she's engaged Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (0:35) Police say George Michael autopsy... Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (0:50) Adorable panda twins make public debut at... Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (1:00) Preparing for the Tournament of Roses Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (0:48) Serena Williams announces her engagement Fri, 30 Dec, 2016 - (0:58) Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds remembered... Thu, 29 Dec, 2016 - (1:54) Elephants at German zoo spurn belated... Wed, 28 Dec, 2016 - (1:08) Stars Wars fans in Los Angeles react to the... Wed, 28 Dec, 2016 - (1:33) Scarlett Johansson is 2016 top-grossing movie... Wed, 28 Dec, 2016 - (1:36) Star Wars actor Carrie Fisher dies at 60 Wed, 28 Dec, 2016 - (0:52) George Michael's partner tells of sadness at... Tue, 27 Dec, 2016 - (1:07) Singer George Michael dies at 53 Tue, 27 Dec, 2016 - (0:58) Trump 'story' will inspire many jokes: Stephen... Mon, 26 Dec, 2016 - (1:02) 'Rogue One" shoots down box office competition Mon, 26 Dec, 2016 - (1:16) Singer George Michael of Wham! fame dies at 53 Mon, 26 Dec, 2016 - (0:59) Trump 'story' will inspire many jokes: Stephen... Mon, 26 Dec, 2016 - (1:02) "Star Wars" fans hope "Princess Leia" gets... Sun, 25 Dec, 2016 - (0:47) Status Quo guitarist Rick Parfitt dies Sun, 25 Dec, 2016 - (0:51) Audio released of Carrie Fisher emergency call Sat, 24 Dec, 2016 - (1:10) Star Wars' actress Carrie Fisher reportedly... Sat, 24 Dec, 2016 - (0:44) Spanish auteur Almodovar says he is still... Sat, 24 Dec, 2016 - (2:24) Jennifer Lawrence and Chris Pratt talk about... Thu, 22 Dec, 2016 - (2:07) Christmas shoppers unfazed by security in... Fri, 23 Dec, 2016 - (1:11) Deaf children enjoy holiday concert Thu, 22 Dec, 2016 - (1:10) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
null
null
null
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,327 Reviews & Articles | 53,559 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: MSI GeForce 1050 GAMING X 2G Video Card (Give Feedback & Win!) TRENDING NOW: New Call of Duty Vietnam game teased by Sledgehammer Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets Intel's Core family retired in 2019, next-gen x86 coming This could change things in a big way, with Intel retiring the Core processor in 2019 By: Anthony Garreffa | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: 1 week ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA The holidays can be an interesting time, with Intel rumored to be retiring its Core family of processors in 2019 with the release of Tiger Lake, which will be succeeded with a more efficient, faster approach to the x86 architecture.     Bitsandchips.it is reporting that Intel's next CPU family will be similar to what AMD has done with its Zen architecture, blending in power consumption/performance /price - and in order to save physical space (smaller die), and improve the power consumption/performance ratio, Intel will reportedly get rid of old SIMD and legacy hardware.   This means that we might not have 100% backwards compatibility, but these CPUs won't be here until 2020 - a long time from now. Intel will be able to make a lean, efficient x86 architecture that will compete with AMD's nearly-here Zen architecture. What I'm taking away from this is that AMD will be ahead of the game for a few years until Intel can get their act together with a new architecture to begin competing against the star-studded launch of Zen. NEWS SOURCES:Bitsandchips.it, Tweaktown.com, Tweaktown.com Recommended for You AMD's new Ryzen CPU could hit 5GHz, even when air-... AMD's Zen CPU is killing Intel on Google searches Intel to unveil Skylake-X, Kaby Lake-X at Gamescom... Intel's new Core i3 hits 4.2GHz, beats last-gen Core... >> NEXT STORY: Crytek to receive $500m investment from Turkish gov << PREVIOUS STORY: Huawei Mate 9 now comes in a new color Related Tags Intel Intel x86 Intel Core Intel Core family Tiger Lake Intel Tiger Lake AMD Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Dell's new XPS 13 is a surprise 2-in-1 foldable tablet Nintendo Switch and Wii U third party partners compared Liberty City is coming to GTA V thanks to new mod CNN demonstrates Russian hacking with Fallout 3 pic Prey developer promises PC version is 'really flawless'View More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Amped Wireless Apollo Pro Long Range HD Camera Review Lost mac adress after downgrading bios from f20 to f8 z170x g7 Marvell-based PCIe SSD card (AHCI) not detected on Z77X-U5DH Asus K53SD black screen How do I print wirelessly with my wireless router + multiple computers?View More Forum Posts Press Releases Das Keyboard to demo the world's first cloud-connected keyboard at CES 2017 Samsung unveils CH711 curved quantum-dot monitor SK Hynix to construct a cutting-edge NAND flash FAB in Cheongju MSI and Phanteks launch new front USB 3.1 Type-C solutions ViewSonic reveals the VP2771 27-inch monitor with SuperClear IPS panelView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Lenovo shows off updated ThinkPads with Kaby Lake CPUs by Eric Born  3:41 PM on December 28, 2016 Ahead of this year's Consumer Electronics Show, Lenovo announced that it's refreshed its lineup of ThinkPad laptops. The headline feature for the updated machines is that they're fitted with Intel Kaby Lake CPUs. Lenovo has other tricks up its sleeve, though. Other nitfy features include new touchpads supporting Microsoft's Precision Touchpad, fingerprint sensors, and new connectivity options including Wi-Fi Certified WiGig. In total, there are nine new laptops to discuss, so let's get started. First up is the ThinkPad X270. This thin-and-trim notebook is 0.8" thick and weighs 2.9 lbs. The base model is equipped with a 1366x768 TN panel, which we suggest upgrading to the 1920x1080 IPS option. Lenovo claims that the X270's battery can power the device for up to a whopping 21 hours. The ThinkPad X270 starts at $909, and will be available in March. Flexible notebooks in Lenovo's ThinkPad Yoga line are known for their multi-mode operation. The new ThinkPad Yoga 370 packs a new screen: a 1920x1080 13.3" display. It ships with an integrated pen, a Thunderbolt 3 port, and an optional touch fingerprint reader. At 0.7" thick, it's just a little leaner than the ThinkPad X270 above. Lenovo claims that the Yoga 730 can last 10.5 hours between charges, and plans to ship it in March. Pricing starts at $1264. Need a notebook that can handle some abuse? Lenovo says the new ThinkPad 13 is durable enough to pass military-grade toughness requirements, so it might survive being used by a toddler. It has a 13.3" 1920x1080 display like the Yoga 370, but lacks the Thunderbolt 3 port. The notebook is 0.77" thick, weighs 3.17 lbs, and Lenovo says it'll last 11 hours on battery. The company plans to make the $674 ThinkPad 13 available in January. Next up are four new T-series notebooks: the T470s, T470, T470p, and T570. At 2.9 lbs, the T470s is the lightest of the bunch, and can be equipped with a 14" 2560x1440 IPS display. It'll ship in February, and starts at $1099. The T470 doesn't offer a high-resolution screen, but has a heftier battery that Lenovo claims will run for up to 18 hours. It'll be available in February as well, with the base model selling for $909. Lenovo equipped the T470p with an Nvidia N16S-GTR GPU (apparently a GeForce 940MX), and there's an optional upgrade for a 2560x1440 IPS display. It'll sell for $1049 starting in March. The ThinkPad T570 is the last and largest of the bunch. Lenovo offers multiple storage option on this machine, which can be equipped with a 15.6" UHD display. In the graphics department, it's powered by Nvidia's 940MX GPU. Lenovo claims the T570's two batteries should be good for about 16 hours of usage on a single charge. This model starts at $1049, and will be available in March. Finally, Lenovo is offering two new L-series laptops. The ThinkPad L470 has a 14" 720p display that can be upgraded to a 1920x1080 panel. For its graphics muscle, Lenovo turned to AMD's Radeon R5 M430. It weighs 4.23 lbs, and will be available in March at a starting price of $779. The L570 offers a larger 15.6" display, but otherwise has very similar specs as the L470. Lenovo plans to sell the base L570 model for $809, and it will also be selling in March. One of the more intriguing features of all these laptops is that they are available with a "Signature Edition" of Windows 10 Professional which contains no trialware or unwanted apps. Lenovo claims that this approach allows the company to optimize the performance of the laptops, eliminate distractions for users, and make life a little easier for the local IT staff. Tags: Systems Mobile computing Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Qualcomm says it will fight fine levied by South Korea’s antitrust regulator The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it A ground crew employee load supplies onto a Delta Air Lines Inc. plane at Salt Lake City International Airport. (George Frey/Bloomberg) December 28, 2016 TECHNOLOGY Qualcomm will fight South Korean fine South Korea’s antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm 1.03 trillion won ($854 million) for what the regulator called unfair business practices in patent licensing and modem chip sales, a decision the U.S. chipmaker said it will challenge in court. The fine, the largest ever levied in South Korea, marks the latest antitrust setback for Qualcomm’s most profitable business, licensing wireless patents to the mobile industry, at a time when the business is facing head winds from a cooling smartphone market. Qualcomm shares fell 1.7 percent on the Nasdaq. The Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) ruled Wednesday that Qualcomm had abused its dominant market position and forced handset-makers to pay royalties for an unnecessarily broad set of patents as part of sales of its modem chips. Qualcomm also restricted competition by refusing or limiting licensing of its standard essential patents related to modem chips to rival chipmakers such as Intel, Samsung Electronics and MediaTek, the regulator said. Those practices hindered the rival companies’ sales and left their products vulnerable to lawsuits, the regulator said. The regulator ordered Qualcomm to negotiate in good faith with rival chipmakers on patent licensing and to renegotiate chip supply agreements with handset-makers if requested — measures that would, if upheld, affect the U.S. firm’s dealings with major tech companies including Apple, Intel, Samsung and Huawei Technologies. Shoppers negotiate with a vendor to buy seafood in preparation for the year's end and the New Year on Ameya-Yokocho (Ameyoko) street in Tokyo. (Kimimasa Mayama/EPA) The KFTC said it began its investigations into Qualcomm’s practices in 2014 after complaints from industry participants but did not name specific companies. Qualcomm said it will seek an immediate stay of the corrective order and appeal the decision to the Seoul High Court. The firm also will appeal the amount of the fine and the method used to calculate it. “Qualcomm strongly disagrees with the KFTC’s announced decision,” it said in a statement. — Reuters ECONOMY Pending home sales drop in November Fewer Americans signed contracts to buy homes in November. The decrease probably reflects rising mortgage rates and the shallow inventory of properties on the market. The National Association of Realtors says its seasonally adjusted index of pending home sales fell 2.5 percent to 107.3, its lowest reading since the start of 2016. Pending sales declined in the Midwest, South and West, while improving in the Northeast. Mortgage rates began to rise after Donald Trump’s presidential win in November, making it more expensive to purchase a home. Average 30-year fixed-rate mortgages were 4.3 percent last week, up from a 52-week low of 3.4 percent. — Associated Press Also in Business ● Delta Air Lines scrapped an order for 18 Boeing widebody Dreamliner jets valued at $4 billion at list prices, a commitment that was inherited with the company’s 2008 merger with Northwest Airlines. Atlanta-based Delta reached an agreement with Boeing on the cancellation, without disclosing terms, according to a statement from the carrier Tuesday. The airline is sticking with orders already in progress for 120 narrow-body Boeing 737-900ERs. The 787-8 Dreamliners had been on Delta’s order book since the Northwest Airlines deal. ● Britons are holding onto their cash in a sign they may be hunkering down in the face of economic uncertainties, according to the British Bankers Association. Personal deposits grew an annual 4.8 percent in November, data compiled by the BBA shows. They increased by 32.4 billion pounds ($39.7 billion) in the first 11 months of the year, outstripping the 19.8 billion-pound growth in the same period of 2015. ● A federal appeals court on Wednesday revived a lawsuit accusing Medtronic of defrauding shareholders by covering up negative side effects from its Infuse bone-growth product for nearly a decade. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 8th Circuit, which sits in St. Paul, said a lower-court judge erred in finding that the plaintiff shareholders had sued too late by waiting more than two years after learning information that could suggest an intent to defraud. Medtronic did not respond to requests for comment. — From news services Coming THURSDAY ● 8:30 a.m.: Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims. ● 10 a.m.: Mortgage company Freddie Mac releases weekly mortgage rates. business economy true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. A limited time offer for Apple Pay users. Buy with Cancel anytime $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products Terms of Sale & Privacy Policy. Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. Most Read 1 Lawsuit: Dude ranch owner asked chef for ‘black people food’ 2 Elon Musk’s SpaceX says it has found cause of rocket explosion and plans to fly again Sunday 3 What history tells us about your investments in 2017 4 The public is being kept in the dark about Trump’s deal with Carrier 5 Did D.C. area private schools brush off Trump adviser? Reports about Kellyanne Conway are greatly exaggerated. Market Watch DJIA -0.29% NASDAQ -0.9% Get quote Last Update: 01/02/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business economy Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: 'Open Source' Robo-Car in '17? NEWS & ANALYSIS: Nokia Hits Apple With Patent Suits NEWS & ANALYSIS: Thinnest Nanowire Self-assembles NEWS & ANALYSIS: SK Hynix to Build Wafer Fab in South Korea NEWS & ANALYSIS: Korea Fines Q'comm Nearly $1B NEWS & ANALYSIS: IoT Ready to Light Up in 2017 News & Analysis Korea Fines Qcomm Nearly $1B Regulator charges unfair patent licensing Rick Merritt 12/28/2016 02:15 PM EST 5 comments NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet SAN JOSE, Calif. – The Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) fined Qualcomm 1.03 trillion won (nearly US$1 billion), charging unfair patent licensing practices. Qualcomm said it will appeal what it called “an unprecedented and insupportable decision relating to licensing practices that have been in existence in Korea and worldwide for decades.” The fine is the largest ever levied by the South Korean agency, the KTFC said in an English-language summary of the decision it provided to EE Times. It charged Qualcomm unfairly used its patents against both customers and competitors. Specifically, Qualcomm coerced mobile phone makers to sign unfair license agreements by linking the chipset supply with patent license contracts, using its market position as a leveraging tool, the KTFC wrote. In addition, the company only offered portfolio licenses to mobile phone makers and forced unilaterally-decided licensing terms[including] making them provide patents for free. The KTFC also charged Qualcomm refused or restricted the licensing of patents essential to standards for making chips despite the request by rival modem chip makers. Standards bodies routinely require participants to license patents that pertain to their standards on a fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory basis. The KFTC began its investigation in 2014 after receiving complaints from unspecified companies. Apple, Intel, Mediatek and Huawei participated in the investigation, a KTFC spokesman said in a media briefing, according to a Reuters report. The KTFC said it also invited Nvidia and Ericsson to participate in the investigation. The fine and an order to take corrective actions is not expected to be released for four to six months, Qualcomm said in a response to the decision on its Web site. The order would require Qualcomm to renegotiate licenses with competitors and customers, Reuters said. “Qualcomm will file for an immediate stay of the corrective order and appeal the KFTC’s decision to the Seoul High Court,” the company said in a statement. It “will also appeal the amount of the fine and the method used to calculate it,” it said. The company will be required to pay the fine within 60 days after a written order is issued, Qualcomm said. However the amount may be reduced or refunded as part of the appeals process, it added. The company argued the fine and ruling “disregard the economic realities” of a large and growing mobile market. The fine is out of proportion because “the royalties received by Qualcomm for sales of handsets into Korea accounted for less than three percent of total Qualcomm licensing revenue during Qualcomm’s fiscal 2016,” it said. Qualcomm said it will oppose any moves to apply the decision in Korea to other countries. It also claimed KTFC investigators repeatedly denied it “access to the case files and the right to cross examine witnesses.” The KTFC informed Qualcomm of its decision in November 2015, it said. Since then it has held seven hearings with the chip vendor. It plans to post details of the decision soon on its English language Web site. The KTFC fined Qualcomm about US$208 million (260 billion won) and imposed corrective orders in July 2009 after an investigation into its practices in CDMA patents. At the time, KTFC claimed the company “excluded its competitors” and charged handset makers “discriminatively high royalties for using non-Qualcomm modem chips.” In February 2015, Qualcomm paid $975 million as part of a settlement over patent disputes in China. The deal also cut royalty rates Qualcomm was charging in China. Regulators in other jurisdictions, including the United States and Taiwan, are also investigating Qualcomm, the Reuters report said. Qualcomm made as much as a third of its revenues on patent licensing in 2016. — Rick Merritt, Silicon Valley Bureau Chief, EE Times Related posts: Qualcomms China Compromise Pays Off China Deal Squeezes Royalty Cuts from Qualcomm Qualcomm-NXP Deal Targets Connected World Email This Print Comment More Related Links Wi-Fi Expands with .11ax at CES Drone Detection: An Interesting RF Challenge Computing Got Colorful in 2016 2017 Predictions, Networking Edition DARPA Funds Small Businesses with Big Ideas Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank Author Re: Microsoft?? GSMD   1/2/2017 3:46:40 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate I have testified in court against these so called essential patents. Most of them lack novelty and should not have been been granted in the first place. In any case all of them are algorithm patents which in most jurisdictions are not grantable and the patent holders claim that these patents are apparatus or system patents. The tricks the patent attorneys play ! Take for example the this patent claim that I came across in a web search. I think it is a Nokia patent , will head to the patent office today to check the public filings.  Now this patent has I presume lost of claims. The first claim, a typical boiler plate claim reads as A method for receiving data from a base station comprising the steps of processing a signal for communication received from the base station in a first subchannel using a radio resource of a time division multiple access system, characterized in that the communication occurs in the first subchannel simultaneously with another communication of the base station in at least one second subchannel using  the radio resource of the time division multiple access system , wherein the radio resource is a timeslot on a predetermined transmission frequency. Out of the many claims, this claim alone is mapped to some telco  standard and thisif I am not mistaken is supposed to be a standards essential patent.  This boilerplate will match pretty much to any multi-channel network. Not sure if actually came up in a lawsuit but this illustrates the nature of the issue. Now a few questions arise  - how can one claim be removed from a complete patent, does the patenet as per its own admission realize a complete device ? - the patent claims to have used known technques in a unique fashion. If that is the case, then sections like these are not necessarily unique. In another patent, two array are vector quantized to n bits each. The idea of jointly quantizing the two array into a 2n-1 vector is patented ! This is just two lines of code in an audio codec.  For examples like these a % of the phone is demanded.   Not only are most of these patents worthless, but all of them target a miniscule portion of the phone.    Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank CEO Re: ... realjjj   12/31/2016 7:00:14 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate BTW this translation from korean seems to be by Qualcomm itself (PDF warning) goo.gl/1vWq3Z Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank CEO ... realjjj   12/31/2016 6:12:48 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Qualcomm today gets payed as a % of the retail price of the entire device and gets payed a lot. http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1325631 Why exactly would Qualcomm deserve to get payed for all the technology in the device, marketing, margins, value added by the channel and so on is unknown to any sane person. Last year Apple sued Ericsoon and argued the same thing. 3G/4G is such a small fraction of what a phone is today. Qualcomm reacted violently because Korea is trying to change this absurd practice and , for Qualcomm, it's about some 8 billion in revenue per year at some 80% margins. What i haven't seen in the press are any guesses as to what is the just amount Qualcomm should receive when licensing 3G/4G standard essential patents to other silicon vendors. If Mediatek or Intel sell a mobile SoC at X$ and there is quite a bit of other technology in there, how much does Qualcomm deserve for FRAND? 2%, 4%, more? Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: Microsoft?? rick merritt   12/31/2016 3:40:16 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Interesting question. I'd love to here some responses from OEMs who had experiences with both.   Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Microsoft?? FillG   12/31/2016 2:02:44 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Has Qualcomm done anything different than Microsoft? Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 1/3/2017 2:15:49 AM GeniusEE You guys need to refuse coverage of any gonadless chip announcement that does not include 1K budgetary pricing. With $10,000 FPGA chips at Digikey, not sure if I should care about... 1/3/2017 2:15:49 AM GeniusEE You guys need to refuse coverage of any gonadless chip announcement that does not include 1K budgetary pricing. With $10,000 FPGA chips at Digikey, not sure if I should care about... 1/3/2017 1:58:25 AM GeniusEE "That's an easy one...just shy of 11 bits" 1/3/2017 12:28:30 AM Bert22306 It could be that people idolize, or want to emulate, or wish they could be, whatever they can understand. If you talk to the average "person on the street," it is surprising what... 1/2/2017 9:28:58 PM David Ashton @Crusty...happy new year....if you're looking at new scopes then do bear in mind the experiences of the late Glen Chenier (bless his cotton socks...wish he was still with us): http://www.edn.com/electronics-blogs/test-voices/4435528/The-scope-from-Hell- He... 1/2/2017 9:02:06 PM Kevin Neilson I'd say a supermodel is one who can earn a large income well past normal earning years based on recognition and not on inherent "value".  Gisele Bündchen earned around... 1/2/2017 7:13:24 PM realjjj Supermodel might be a Victoria Secret marketing term at this point in time but not quite sure as i'm not even mildly familiar with that circus. This summer ahead of the Olympics,... 1/2/2017 6:44:36 PM perl_geek Assuming we're dealing with quadcopters here, (Predators being a different proposition altogether), I would expect they're going to be astonishingly noisy in RF. 4 cheap electric... 1/2/2017 6:09:18 PM RadioGraybeard A drone can be anything from an under $500 RC hobby toy to a military UAV with the wingspan of a Boeing 757.  I think the problems of looking for them vary with the size... 1/2/2017 6:07:04 PM Crusty1 Hi David; I am on the look out for an new DSO, my OWON 25MHz DSO is still good, but with the clock speeds that I am using, evan as an amateur, it looks like 100MHz is the order... Navigate to Related Links Wi-Fi Expands with .11ax at CES Drone Detection: An Interesting RF Challenge Computing Got Colorful in 2016 2017 Predictions, Networking Edition DARPA Funds Small Businesses with Big Ideas Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest January 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "Rosy Resolutions" "Your caption here!" 1 Comment All Cartoons November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus It was a seamless transition from Senior Principal Engineer to Museum Curator. 94 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  47   What Are the Coolest Engineering Gifts?  46   Half-Ton Megaprocessor is Finally Finished  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  36   I Got an Uber-Cool Badge and a Mega-Cool ...  34   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  31   Could Engineers be Accused of Killing Jobs?  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  29   Deep Thoughts Regarding the Bodacious Brain  28   Replacing Tantalum Bypass Capacitors with ...  28   The Time Has Come to Build My Own ...  5   Korea Fines Qcomm Nearly $1B  4   What I Learned as a "Wrapper"  4   Drone Detection: An Interesting RF Challenge  3   Get a Signal's Details  3   TSMC Says 10nm on Track, Countering Reports  3   We're Following the Wrong Celebrities  2   IoT: A New Twist on an Old Idea  1   IoT Ready to Light Up in 2017  1   Thinnest Nanowire Self-assembles  1   'Open Source' Robo-Car in '17? Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Planet Analog Working With Us: About | Contact Us | Media Kits Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2017 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
null
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path CES2017 ComingtoNetflix NYResolutionApps TrendsThatNeedtoDie AlexaSkills Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ CPUs & Components/ Chipsets & Processors/ Intel Core i7-7700K Kaby Lake Processor Overclocked to 7GHz Intel Core i7-7700K Kaby Lake Processor Overclocked to 7GHz By Matthew Humphries December 28, 2016 07:30am EST 10 Comments There's still a lot of potential to clock higher once Kaby Lake motherboards become available. The next version of Intel's processor microarchitecture is called Kaby Lake, which forms the successor to Skylake and chips using it are just now just starting to appear. Kaby Lake is a 14nm processor with very few changes to the CPU architecture compared to Skylake. It's best to view it as a refinement, promising faster CPU clock speed, higher Turbo frequencies, and a new graphics architecture allowing for better 3D and 4K performance. A small improvement in performance across the board may not be enough to tempt those already running Skylake chips into an upgrade. However, Kaby Lake looks to have an ace up its sleeve: it's great for overclocking. The highest performing Kaby Lake processor Intel currently plans to offer is the Core i7-7700K. It runs at a stock clock speed of 4.2GHz, with Turbo increasing that to 4.5GHz. That's impressive, but as HotHardware reports, Russian website OCLab (translated) managed to get hold of a 7700K and decided to see what it could really do. Using liquid nitrogen cooling, they placed the Kaby Lake chip in a Z170 motherboard and started ramping up the speed. When they were done, the chip was running steady at 7022.96MHz, so 7GHz! Typically with these massive overclocks, unless you're willing to have an abundant supply of liquid nitrogen on hand you'll never achieve them for your desktop PC. They also require all but one of the cores on the chip be shut down, rendering the CPU single core. However, here again the Kaby Lake chip impressed as that 7GHz speed was achieved with two cores still running. Related New Dell XPS 15 Leaks With Quad Core Kaby Lake, GTX 1050 GPU New Dell XPS 15 Leaks With Quad Core Kaby Lake, GTX 1050 GPU There's still some headroom left to increase the overclock speed. I mentioned the Z170 motherboard above as it's an older board. Kaby Lake is getting its own line of motherboards built specifically to support it, meaning there's potential to go quicker still once they are available. So if you enjoy overclocking your gaming PC, and especially if you are using liquid cooling, a Kaby Lake processor should definitely be on your buy list. While you won't hit 7GHz, over 5GHz should be easily achievable, and with some tweaks I'm guessing 6GHz could be attainable without turning off any of the cores. I suspect we'll get quite a few of these overclocking tests as more 7th gen Intel processors are shipped out. Hopefully they prove OCLab wasn't lucky with the processor it got and Kaby Lake chips are fantastic for overclocking across the board. Back to top Previous : Qualcomm Announces Real Windows for ARM Qualcomm Faces $854 Million Fine in South Korea Next : By Matthew Humphries Senior Editor Matthew is PCMag's UK-based editor and news reporter. Prior to joining the team, he spent 14 years writing and editing content on our sister site Geek.com and has covered most areas of technology, but is especially passionate about games tech. Alongside PCMag, he's a freelance video game designer. Matthew holds a BSc degree in Computer Science from Birmingham University and a Masters in Computer Games Development from Abertay University. More » More Stories by Matthew Luggage Tag Code Unlocks Your Flights, Identity to Hackers The security used for travel bookings worldwide is very poor and open to abuse. More » Honda Recalls 633K Odyssey Minivans The Odyssey's second row of seats can shift suddenly during a crash, increasing the risk of injury t... More » GSoDs Not BSoDs for Windows 10 Insiders Anyone testing Insider Preview builds of Windows 10 will see a Green Screen of Death from now on. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles What to Expect at CES 2017 13 Apps to Help You Keep Your New Year's Resolutions Tech Trends That Need to Die in 2017 Hatchimals and 7 Other Foul-Mouthed Toys Everything Coming to Netflix in January The Tech Stories That Awed, Disturbed, and Excited Us in 2016 »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Trending in Apple Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds Trending in Reviews Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Trending in Apple Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] Trending in Apple iPhone 8: Everything we currently know about Apple’s 10th anniversary flagship Trending in Apple Comment: Apple continues to explore bringing the Digital Crown to iPhones & iPads, and I still like the idea April 18, 2016 AAPL: 107.48 -2.37 Lacie, Promise, and CalDigit introduce new Thunderbolt 3-enabled hardware at NAB 2016 Jeff Benjamin - 9 months ago @JeffBenjam iOS Devices LaCie press release DisplayPort RAID Comments (17) Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit The National Association of Broadcaster’s trade show in Las Vegas is in full swing, and several prominent hardware makers have unveiled new Thunderbolt 3-equipped tools. Although there are no current products in Apple’s lineup that support Thunderbolt 3, it’s widely assumed that such hardware, made possible by Intel’s Skylake microarchitecture, is in the pipeline. The folks over at Lacie, Promise, and CalDigit have all revealed new Thunderbolt 3 products at NAB 2016, bringing high bandwidth and high-capacity storage solutions to market. What is Thunderbolt 3? Thunderbolt 3 is the latest generation of the Thunderbolt hardware interface, and the direct successor to Thunderbolt 2. There are several differences between Thunderbolt 3 and previous generations, but the most obvious difference is the connector type. Previous generations used the miniDisplay Port connector, while Thunderbolt 3 uses USB-C. More importantly, Thunderbolt combines DisplayPort and PCI express into one serial signal, while providing DC power in a single cable. This means that, in theory, it’s possible to both power and connect a Thunderbolt 3-equipped machine to the rest of the peripherals that you need using a single cable. With Thunderbolt 3, bandwidth has been doubled to 40Gbps vs Thunderbolt 2’s 20Gbps. The controller also supports HDMI 2.0 and DisplayPort 1.2 protocols for the ability to daisy chain dual 4K monitors at 60Hz. Needless to say, Thunderbolt 3 is a uber-promising interface that serves as the basis for the following hardware products announced today at NAB. Lacie Lacie, who is no stranger to Mac workflows big and small, revealed its 12big Thunderbolt 3 12-Bay Desktop RAID storage solution. The all aluminum enclosure features the same high design standards that we’ve come to expect from Lacie. Not only is this unit ridiculously fast, with up to 2600MB/s transfer speeds, and 2400MB/s speeds in RAID 5, but it also features an obscene amount of storage capacity. Loaded with 12 7200 RPM enterprise-class Seagate drives for a record-setting 96TB of storage, the 12big Thunderbolt 3 features a vast amount of storage space that is perfect for professional workflows. The drives are designed to operate 24×7 and are rated for 8760 hours of operation per year. For a system that ships with so many drives, you’re probably wondering about the warranty included with this setup. The 12big comes with a five-year limited warranty that covers all of the drives, the enclosure and spare parts. With this being a RAID-protected setup, Lacie has redesigned its RAID manager to offer a more intuitive interface to help administer the 12big. Users can put the RAID manager to work to assist with initial setup and storage monitoring. It also allows for advanced features like auto rebuild, drive diagnostics and CPU settings. Along with dual Thunderbolt 3 ports, the unit also features a USB 3.1-enabled USB-C port for added flexibility. Read more about Lacie’s big announcement via its press release. CalDigit T8 Extreme Thunderbolt 3 RAID CalDigit announced two new Thunderbolt 3 products today at NAB, starting with the T8 Extreme Thunderbolt 3 RAID, an 8-bay storage solution that can support both 2.5″ and 3.5″ drives. The T8 features capacities of 48TB with 3.5″ traditional spinning disks, or 8TB with using 2.5″ SSDs. CalDigit says that the T8 features speeds of up to 1440MB/s with SSDs. The T8 bay features support for RAID 0,1, 5, 6, or JBOD, and features dual Thunderbolt 3 ports for up to 40Gb/s bandwidth. The T8 also sports a full sized DisplayPort input on its rear, allowing for a quick and easy 4K 60Hz monitor setup. T4 Thunderbolt 3 The original T4 RAID featured Thunderbolt 2, but it’s receiving a Thunderbolt 3-centric update featured dual USB-C ports with 40Gb/s performance. Like the T8, the T4 features a full-sized DisplayPort connector on its rear for connecting a 4K monitor. The T4 features support for RAID 0, 1, 5 and JBOD. The bay comes in 24TB (HDD) or 4TB (SSD) varieties with hot-swappable drive bays. The updated T4 features transfer speeds up to 1440MB/s with SSD drives. If you’re looking for what will doubtlessly be a more affordable Thunderbolt 3 drive bay solution in a more compact form-factor, then the T4 is an interesting proposition. Pricing for either product has yet to be confirmed, but we’re hoping to hear more details soon. Check out CalDigit’s full press release for additional information. Promise Last, but certainly not least, the folks at Promise showed off some intriguing new Thunderbolt 3-equipped products as well. Promise’s Pegasus3 Series of Thunderbolt 3 products is headlined by an 8-bay storage solution, but it’s also revealed smaller 6-bay and 4-bay solutions for customers who don’t require as much storage space. All three products in the Pegasus3 Series support Thunderbolt 3, along with the 40GBps bandwidth that the interface affords. Promise hasn’t provided drive configurations or transfer rates in its press release, but we can assume that they will be quite speedy and feature RAID configurations like the competition. Each model in the Pegasus3 Series ships with two Thunderbolt 3 ports, which allow for daisy chaining. Like CalDigit’s two Thunderbolt 3 offerings, a full-sized DisplayPort connection is there to support directly connecting a 4K monitor. Have a look at Promise’s full press release for more details. Potential game-changer Thunderbolt 3 is still in its infancy, and as you know, no Mac that’s currently on sale supports the technology. That should change in the near future, as some Windows machines and hardware providers already support Thunderbolt 3. We’ll be sure to keep you updated with any additional news regarding Thunderbolt 3, and the new offerings from Lacie, CalDigit and Promise. Guides iOS Devices Breaking news for iPhone, iPad, and iPod. Be the first to know about product launches, iOS updates, product carriers reports, and competitor analysis. View THe Guide LaCie View THe Guide press release View THe Guide Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. applegetridofsimandjack - 9 months ago Reply Why is Thunderbolt so expensive? Because it isn’t well adopted or is there another reason? I mean a 1TB Thunderbolt HDD in Belgium is 3x the price of a USB drive… And if you look at SSD Thunderbolt external drive prices… You’ll need to sell your house to be able to afford it. LikeLike Avihai Nissan - 9 months ago Reply not a word on external GPUs? the egpu is about to become official when TB3 arrives to the masses, MSI had started a project that didn’t work out but there is already a community of people who connects their MBPs to chassis with a desktop GPU through TB2🙂 LikeLiked by 1 person Howie Isaacks - 9 months ago Reply Great. Outdated Apple displays, and those images on the displays are clearly faked since there’s no way that those displays are that bright after all these years. And FYI… CalDigit blows. Their drives require a special driver to be installed. That’s not good. LikeLike Carson f. (@ScroogeMcDikens) - 9 months ago Reply False, no driver necessary. You can install the utility app that will eject all your volumes at once but, I’ve never installed anything. They worked great out of the box. LikeLike viciosodiego - 9 months ago Reply Lacie is the champ. LikeLike sicariis (@Sicariis) - 9 months ago Reply Which keyboard is that? Did they ‘shop out the cord of a standard Apple Keyboard? LikeLiked by 1 person srgmac - 9 months ago Reply I was thinking the same thing haha, there is no Apple wireless keyboard with the number pad AFAIK LikeLike cjt3007 - 9 months ago false, there is a bluetooth apple keyboard with number pad, it hasn’t been made since like 2009 though. LikeLike Frank McKeown - 9 months ago Reply I can’t stand LaCie. Had several drives go down and they have horrible customer service. Not again. I’m sticking with OWC and will wait for their version when they come out. LikeLiked by 1 person srgmac - 9 months ago Reply Are these backwards compatible with Thunderbolt 2? LikeLike cjt3007 - 9 months ago Reply unlikely as it uses a different connector. LikeLike srgmac - 9 months ago Reply Go with the Promise ones…They have the best HW Raid engines and support, hence why Apple choose them to their main storage OEM for Mac sales. LikeLike cjt3007 - 9 months ago Reply Apple sales Lacie products as well… not sure what you mean here. LikeLike Alexander James - 9 months ago Reply Thunderbolt speeds of 40GBps is a waste of time. The max read write speed of most drives is around 400MBps so you are limited by your hard drive. Don’t believe the crap people! LikeLike Jeff Benjamin - 9 months ago Reply It’s not a waste of time at all. Remember, Thunderbolt can be daisy chained, and then there’s stuff like eGPUs. LikeLike Mike Mihalik (@M2inOR) - 9 months ago Reply Alexander, educate me on the other interfaces supported by PCs or Macs (other than Thunderbolt) that could deliver 2400 MB/sec sustained. Newest HDD single drive can deliver >220 MB/sec (I have several 4TB and 6TB drives that can do this). RAIDed together, I would expect to see 12 x 200MB/sec, or approximately 2400MB/sec theoretically possible using hardware RAID controller. LaCie specs for the 12big state 2400MB/sec for a RAID5 configuration. We’ll have to wait for independent reviews to quantify what is actually possible. Thank you. LikeLike Kevin Reilly - 1 week ago Reply What they don’t tell you is that the Thunderbolt 3 is NOT backwardly compatible with Thunderbolt 2 or 1! so don’t expect to use any of these on your existing computer. Blazing fast and unusable. I would caution to wait a year or two on these lemons. LikeLike Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Thu, Dec 29, 2016 - Page 10　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp US accuses Chinese of hacking lawyers and insider trading MERGER DATA:The case is the latest US insider-trading prosecution to involve hacking following warnings that law firms would be prime targets Reuters, NEW YORK Three Chinese citizens have been criminally charged in the US with trading on confidential corporate information obtained by hacking into networks and servers of law firms working on mergers, US prosecutors said on Tuesday. Iat Hong of Macau, Bo Zheng of Changsha, China, and Chin Hung of Macau were charged in an indictment filed in a Manhattan federal court with conspiracy, insider trading, wire fraud and computer intrusion. Prosecutors said the men made more than US$4 million by placing trades in at least five company stocks based on inside information from unnamed law firms, including about deals involving Intel Corp and Pitney Bowes Inc. The men listed themselves in brokerage records as working at information technology companies, the US Securities and Exchange Commission said in a related civil lawsuit. Hong, 26, was arrested on Sunday in Hong Kong, while Hung, 50, and Zheng, 30, are not in custody, prosecutors said. Defense lawyers could not be immediately identified. The case is the latest US insider-trading prosecution to involve hacking and follows warnings by US officials that law firms could become a prime target for hackers. “This case of cyber-meets-securities fraud should serve as a wake-up call for law firms around the world — you are and will be targets of cyberhacking, because you have information valuable to would-be criminals,” US Attorney Preet Bharara said. Prosecutors said that beginning in April 2014, the trio obtained inside information by hacking two US law firms, targeting the e-mail accounts of partners working on mergers and acquisitions. Prosecutors did not identify the two law firms, or five others they said the defendants targeted, but one matched the description of New York-based Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, which represented Pitney Bowes in last year’s acquisition of Borderfree Inc, one of the mergers in question. The indictment said that by using a law firm employee’s credentials, the defendants installed malware on the firm’s servers to access e-mails from lawyers, including a partner responsible for the Pitney deal. Cravath, Swaine & Moore declined to comment. In March, the firm confirmed discovering a “limited breach” of its systems last year. Prosecutors also accused the defendants of trading on information stolen from a law firm representing Intel on the chipmaker’s acquisition of Altera Inc last year. Intel’s merger counsel on the deal was New York-based Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP. The law firm declined to comment. This story has been viewed 1878 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-12-27 to 2017-01-03 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Committee green-lights same-sex marriage draft 2 EDITORIAL: Transitional justice must be taught 3 Obama military exchange overture sparks China ire 4 Book Review:A misunderstood crisis 5 Gold futures cap longest run of weekly losses in 12 years 金價週線跌勢十二年來最長 MORE  1 FDA announces stricter food labeling regulations 2 Tainan collector shows off money 3 Major tire makers raising prices as materials go up 4 School event row sparks debate on Taiwanese history 5 China considering strong steps to contain Taiwan MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Soccer Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 49° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Areas of fog. Tonight Foggy. Low around 45F. Winds NNW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: January 2, 2017 @ 7:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close The Associated Press In this Jan. 13, 2016, file photo, workers walk past stacks of shipping containers at a container port in Qingdao in eastern China's Shandong province.  (Chinatopix via AP, File) Trump trade chief Navarro makes a rookie mistake By Noah Smith • Bloomberg View Dec 28, 2016 (…) The Associated Press In this Jan. 13, 2016, file photo, workers walk past stacks of shipping containers at a container port in Qingdao in eastern China's Shandong province.  (Chinatopix via AP, File) COMMENTARY Donald Trump has chosen Peter Navarro, one of the most ardent critics of trade with China, to head his new National Trade Council — a move many consider the opening shot in a trade war. Though I think the China trade boom of the 2000s did have some harmful effects, especially on certain U.S. workers, I worry that Navarro's overall approach to trade doesn't make economic sense. The Cato Institute's Dan Ikenson recently took Navarro to task for his views on trade. Ikenson says Navarro is making an elementary error when he writes: "When net exports are negative, that is, when a country runs a trade deficit by importing more than it exports, this subtracts from growth." It's definitely not true that trade deficits always subtract from growth. This is a common error that I see people making, so it's important to explain why it's wrong. Everyone who's taken an economics class knows that gross domestic product, which represents the total value of the stuff a country produces, can be broken down into four parts: GDP = consumption + investment + government spending + net exports That last term, "net exports," represents the difference between exports and imports. So the equation is actually: GDP = consumption + investment + government spending + exports - imports Because imports have a negative sign in this equation, lots of people think that if imports go up, GDP (and therefore growth) goes down. But that's not right. The reason, which every econ student ought to learn, is that imports also add to consumption, investment or government spending. Suppose you're living in Cleveland, and you buy a video game console made in Japan. Consumption goes up. But we don't want to count that in GDP, since the console was made outside the U.S. So we subtract the value of the console. That's why the "imports" term in the GDP component equation is negative. It's just to avoid bad accounting. Similarly, if Intel Corp. imports a German machine tool, investment goes up, and we need to subtract the import to make sure GDP stays the same. In other words, imports don't count negatively in GDP. They amount to zero. This means that a higher trade deficit doesn't have to make the U.S. poorer. Imagine a situation where the U.S. keeps consuming and investing the same amount of domestically made goods, but starts exporting $1 billion more to foreign countries and importing $3 billion more. The trade deficit just went up by $2 billion dollars, but GDP went up by $1 billion! Growth was positive! The new imports didn't change U.S. GDP, but the new exports added to it. Similarly, cutting the trade deficit doesn't necessarily make the U.S. richer. Suppose the country enacted trade restrictions that cut imports by $10 billion and cut exports by $1 billion, but (as in the previous example) left consumption and investment of domestically made goods unchanged. The trade deficit just shrunk by $9 billion, but GDP declined by $1 billion. That's negative growth. That's a recession! That's going to cost American jobs. So when Navarro writes that Trump will boost growth by cutting the trade deficit, is he making this mistake? It sure looks like he is. Later in his white paper on Trump's economic plan, Navarro writes: "Suppose the US had been able to completely eliminate its roughly $500 billion 2015 trade deficit through a combination of increased exports and decreased imports rather than simply closing its borders to trade. This would have resulted in … a real GDP growth rate that year of 5.97%." Who's hired? Check our People in Business Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis This is just wrong. Imagine in 2015 the U.S. had closed the $500 billion trade deficit by exporting $1 more and importing $499,999,999,999 less. GDP would have gone up by $1, not by $500 billion. The increased exports would have added a single dollar amount to GDP, while the decreased imports would have left it unchanged. In that scenario, which fits Navarro's description perfectly, GDP growth in 2015 would have been exactly the same as it actually was — 2.6 percent. So it does look like Navarro is making a mistake that an econ professor like him really shouldn't be making. To really figure out the impact of trade changes on GDP, we need to know a lot more than just the simple accounting equation written above. We need to know how trade interacts with domestic production. If I buy a Japanese-made laptop, does that mean I decide not to buy one made in the U.S.? If Intel buys a German-made machine tool, does that mean it chooses not to buy a different tool made domestically? The answers to these questions will determine how trade affects the economy. If imports substitute for domestic-made goods and services, then reducing trade deficits really might boost the economy — not via the simple accounting fallacy described above, but by boosting domestic producers. If tariffs on Chinese electronics caused companies like Apple Inc. to start making their products in the U.S., without spurring China to block U.S. goods, it really could give the American economy a shot in the arm. But if imports are complements to U.S. production, then trade restrictions could backfire severely. Foreign-made parts are often essential to U.S. manufacturing. Foreign call centers and other business services help many U.S. businesses concentrate on doing what they do best. Foreign-made industrial tools are essential for many U.S. manufacturers. If these imports prove very expensive to replace with domestic equivalents, then trade restrictions could create huge costs for many American businesses, forcing those businesses to be less profitable, shrink or shut. The moral of this story is that we can't do economics just by looking at simple accounting relationships. The world is too complicated for that. Because it's very hard to forecast the precise effects on the U.S. economy, trade restriction is an inherently risky policy. Noah Smith is a Bloomberg View columnist. He was an assistant professor of finance at Stony Brook University, and he blogs at Noahpinion. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Trade Deficit Commerce Finance Industry Gross Domestic Product Imports Economics View (…) comments Most popular Missouri among 19 states where the minimum wage will increase on Jan. 1 Tesla's license to sell cars in Missouri expiring Washington University study raises questions about current welding safety standards Shri Thanedar succeeds in St. Louis, fails, then rises again in Michigan Those jobs Trump brags about are just a fraction of Sprint's huge layoffs Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Startups develop and sell counter-drone services, products After surprise 2016 run, investors brace for 2017 shocks European stocks power into new year on strength of manufacturers The new year is the time to ask: Do I have the job I really want? Saving a little extra makes a big difference to retirement Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Donate to 100 Neediest Cases Vote now for your favorite photos! See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Thursday, December 29, 2016  |  Rabea Al Awwal 30, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism A BMW car is parked via remote control using a mobile device at a Bosch demonstration of driverless technology in Boxberg, Germany. Krisztian Bocsi / Bloomberg UAE can steer driverless future Chris Nelson December 28, 2016 Updated: December 29, 2016 12:18 PM Related Tesla postpones price hike for British customers Autonomous tech safety is a primary concern Masdar City’s driverless cars system celebrates milestone A world of driverless cars on the road to realisation Dubai puts autonomous smart car through its paces on roads Imagine yourself driving to Abu Dhabi International Airport on the motorway and an important delivery you had hoped would arrive before you left turns up at your front door at home. Frustrating at the least. But, in the near future, such a scenario would be no cause for concern, according to Volker Bischoff, the Middle East general manager/vice president for the German multinational engineering and electronics company Robert Bosch. "Your smart car will be connected to your smart home, and you can let the car drive itself while you speak to the delivery man and open the front door to allow him to deliver the package," Mr Bischoff tells The National. (See video below) And once at the airport, he says, there will no longer be the hassle of finding a parking spot. "When you arrive, you exit your car at the entrance to the [airport] parking garage and the car autonomously proceeds inside and finds a spot completely by itself. This Automated Valet Parking function from Bosch is simply controlled through an app on your smartphone. This will reduce queues and issues with tight parking spots." Vision While the robots have been gradually easing us from behind the steering wheel for a while now, how will a driverless car actually work for the average driver? "Vehicle connectivity, coupled with innovative solutions for operating the vehicle, will create an entirely new driving experience in the coming years," says Mr Bischoff. "Bosch’s current test vehicles [on trial in the US, Germany and Japan] inform the driver when a stretch of the road is available for automated driving. Using a highly accurate map, the vehicle always knows where it is on the road. The car compares its sensor data in real-time with information stored in the HD map; for instance this could be road markings and crash barriers. To hand over driving tasks to the vehicle, the driver must press two buttons on the steering wheel simultaneously for several seconds. Then, on the central display, the road on the HD map turns blue when automated driving mode is activated. The display also shows the driver everything that the vehicle’s environment sensors can see, as well as how much time remains before the driver must once again take over the wheel." While the vision of a wonderful new transport world is nearing reality, there are still significant hurdles to overcome regarding driverless vehicles, not least the need for infrastructure that can support the technology. "Automation is the biggest advancement in motor vehicles since the horseless carriage, and just as roads upgraded from dirt to pavement decades ago, our infrastructure must similarly evolve today," says Kevin Curry, who is responsible for public sector global application sales for Infor, a US-based software multinational. "Without public roads, bridges, and information systems that match the technological prowess of private sector inventions, autonomous vehicles will reach only a fraction of their true potential." Goals The UAE may well become among the frontrunners regarding infrastructure, says Mr Bischoff. "This is of course very difficult to predict, but what I will say is that the population in the Gulf region is young and tech-savvy, and usually when something catches on here it spreads very fast. "There are also ambitious goals in place, especially Dubai a Smart City, which means it might be faster than the average city in adapting the infrastructure to automated vehicles." If such infrastructure is in place, by gathering and analysing information from roads and vehicles, the rules of the road will adjust throughout the day, resulting in the smoothest, fastest and most efficient way to travel, says Mr Curry. "The integration of sensor technology and the enterprise resource management software that organise, manage, and monitor road repairs, bridges, signs, signal systems, repair facilities, and inspection programs, will bring the age of driverless cars to fruition by allowing citizens to benefit from the full potential of safety and convenience improvements they have to offer." Mr Bischoff adds that this region is maybe more open than others to adopting self-driving vehicles. "Generally the sentiment here is perhaps more positive than in the rest of the world," he says. "The Gulf region loves its cars, and there are lots of straight, wide freeways where drivers who commute on a daily basis – for example between Dubai and Abu Dhabi – that could really benefit from the comfort and convenience of an automated car." He says there is huge market potential for connected and automated mobility. "A whole host of companies are working on these concepts around the world, and with Dubai’s Smart Driverless Mobility Strategy in place, we predict that the market will continue to grow. The global market for connected mobility is expected to grow by nearly 25 per cent annually between 2017 and 2021." Embryonic But the potential for fully autonomous car sales is less than eye-popping, Dubai-based Tarik Taman, the general manager for India, Middle East & Africa at Infor, tells The National. "The market for driverless – ie fully autonomous vehicles – will remain a very small percentage – 1 to 2 per cent of total vehicle sales through 2025 with the overwhelming majority of these vehicles used for commercial use in controlled environments. The remaining autonomous vehicle sales will be for ride hailing service fleets." Despite this, Bosch, like others, has been investing heavily in the embryonic sector. "In 2015, Bosch raised R&D expenditure to €6.4 billion (Dh24.56bn), and for the past five years we have spent no less than 8.1 per cent of our sales revenue on R&D," says Mr Bischoff. In 2015, sales revenue came in at €70.6bn. "Currently, there are almost 2,500 engineers working to further develop driver assistance systems and automated driving at Bosch. In 2016, Bosch will reach sales of €1bn for driver assistance technology." As with any emerging sector, cost and efficiency are paramount. Intel recently teamed up with the car-parts suppliers Mobileye and Delphi Automotive after they launched a collaboration to develop a low-cost system for self-driving vehicles that is slated to begin sales to car makers in 2019. Intel chips capable of processing 12 trillion operations per second will be inside the autonomous cars being designed by the two parts firms. Safe "This is really about the path to production," Glen De Vos, Delphi’s vice president of engineering, told Bloomberg. "We’re shifting the focus away from just talking about the technology. The dialogue about automation is moving from, ‘Will it happen?’ to ‘When will it happen?’" Volvo Car Group has begun delivering robot taxis to Uber Technologies, which are being tested in Pittsburgh as part of a US$300 million development deal. Ford, which has promised to sell 100,000 self-driving cars for ride hailing by 2021, invested $150m with China’s Baidu in Velodyne Lidar. Mobileye and Intel already have a partnership with BMW to field a self-driving car by 2021. Adding Intel’s high-speed processors to the Delphi/Mobileye partnership will, they hope, allow the companies to develop a system robust enough to handle the rigours of everyday driving – without a driver behind the wheel. The cost of the system will be about $5,000 per car when it is introduced, but will probably drop rapidly as the technology becomes more widespread, Mr De Vos says. But for the technology to be safe, the entire vehicle needs to be adapted to automation, from the powertrain to the brakes, steering, display instruments, navigation and sensors, as well as connectivity inside and outside the vehicle, says Mr Bischoff. "To ensure that the vehicle remains safe and stable in the event of failure of one of these components, redundancy needs to be built into the system." Other limitations of today’s technology come into play, says Mr Taman. For instance, "when vehicles are operating in snow-covered roads where lane markers become invisible to cameras making it difficult to keep vehicles in the lane. Similarly, when vehicles enter tunnels they can lose their connectivity to mapping applications. "These limitations will be overcome, but it may take several years before they can reach a level of reliability needed to produce autonomous vehicles for widespread adoption of vehicles for consumers in all environments," he says. For Bosch, the vision does not stop with driverless cars, road haulage is also on the agenda. "Truck drivers have tough jobs, working long hours and driving seemingly endless kilometres seated in a small cabin," says Mr Bischoff. "We are working on connected technologies to take the strain off the drivers by basically functioning as copilots who can relieve the strain. "We are looking at real-world cases where automated driving can offer the greatest benefits. One such thing is platooning, which involves multiple trucks traveling with 10 to 15 metres between them, all following a lead vehicle to which they are electronically connected and linked along a virtual longitudinal axis. The lead vehicle controls acceleration, brakes and steering for the follower trucks, ensuring that they keep a safe distance. Automated driving in the slipstream of the truck in front not only cuts fuel consumption by up to 10 percent, but also eases pressure on the driver as well as improves road safety." Depending on how it is configured, automated platooning is likely to take at least another five to 10 years to reach maturity, Mr Bischoff says. This could also make the roads much safer, he adds. "Bosch accident researchers estimate that, of all accidents caused by trucks involving physical injury, 90 per cent could be avoided in the future by using these systems." Road accidents are part and parcel of human-controlled driving today but when one happens involving a robot-driven car, the impact to public perception can be a serious problem. Visionary If a driver is not prepared to take over control of the vehicle immediately, "bad things can happen as evidenced in the recent crashes of Tesla Model S vehicles being operated in ‘autopilot’ mode". "This presents a public perception problem because the primary selling point of an autonomous vehicle is that the driver shouldn’t have to be fully engaged," says Mr Taman. "Put another way, if the driver has to have both hands on the wheel and be prepared to take over control of the vehicle in a split second, they might as well be driving a non or semi-autonomous vehicle." However, in the UAE, Mr Bischoff says steps being taken in the driverless sector are providing a positive for public perception. "Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid, Vice President of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, has expressed a desire for 25 per cent of transportation in Dubai to be driverless by 2030, and this kind of visionary thinking will of course have an impact on public opinion," he says. "A couple of months ago, the RTA demonstrated a driverless 10-seater car in Downtown Dubai, which is a great way of educating the public about the technology and how we can benefit from connected and automated mobility in the UAE." Transformation But aside from technical, perceptual and infrastructure challenges, legal considerations will primarily dictate the speed at which fully-autonomous driving becomes mainstream on the world’s roads. "This is something that is more in the hands of … law makers, since they are the ones who need to pave the way for this technology in the vehicles and make decisions on whether automated driving is permissible within the nation’s laws," Mr Bischoff says. In the US, a few days of regulatory tussles were enough for Uber to pull its fleet of self-driving cars from the streets of San Francisco and send them instead to friendlier territory in Arizona. The California department of motor vehicles banned Uber’s self-driving cars from San Francisco on Wednesday last week, just days after they first deployed. In response, Uber moved out. "Our cars departed for Arizona by truck," Uber said. "We’ll be expanding our self-driving pilot there in the next few weeks." Mr Curry says a change of approach regarding the future of transport is required. "‘What can driverless cars do to comply with the government?" is the wrong question," he says. "The governments must ask themselves, ‘what can we do for our future cars?’ and the sooner the better. "Connected cars require a nation-wide transformation of our cities and we are nowhere near ready. It is time for our innovators, our contractors and our national leaders to start working together to bring technology across industries up to par. "It is time to break down silos and embrace the synergistic future. It is time for us to get behind the wheel and steer change." chnelson@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related Tesla postpones price hike for British customers Autonomous tech safety is a primary concern Masdar City’s driverless cars system celebrates milestone A world of driverless cars on the road to realisation More Technology Review: SignEasy takes the legwork out of submitting your documents Badly burned Samsung sees tough year ahead Robin Mills: Energy advancements have a habit of changing society South African mines dig deep into technology MOST VIEWED Business | All Dubai Harbour: Sheikh Mohammed unveils major new project with Middle East’s biggest marina Adnoc CEO Al Jaber says we are just getting started after steering unprecedented year of change at Abu Dhabi state oil company Lack of snow chills French ski resorts The National’s business reporters look ahead to what 2017 has in store Signs of recovery adding up for US oil sector Emirati takes the road less travelled with career in UAE tourism UAE online job postings down 35% but improvement expected Insurers in UAE rally amid M&A speculation Majid Al Futtaim to open distribution centre in Dubai amid expansion How Saudi Arabia is building the date trade More Most Viewed Dubai Harbour: Sheikh Mohammed unveils major new project with Middle East’s biggest marina Boss of Dh50m foreign currency scheme in Dubai arrested Family’s tears for Layan, ‘just a shy, innocent child’ murdered in Istanbul Album review: Run the Jewels 3 is a real jewel in the crown of hip-hop Battle for Mosul is emerging as a lost opportunity Pair fined Dh10,000 for insulting biker bride and husband online Escape from Aleppo: a reporter’s story of leaving the city he grew up in Adnoc CEO Al Jaber says we are just getting started after steering unprecedented year of change at Abu Dhabi state oil company How fog caused recent flight disruptions at UAE airports Gabriel Jesus, 19-year-old Brazilian prodigy, arrives in England just in time for Manchester City More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS SME profile: Dubai entrepreneurs are making their name in wills Year in review: SMEs were the engines of the UAE economy in 2016 Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, Q3 2016 – in pictures Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, Q3 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Survivors describe terror inside Istanbul nightclub Rafa Nadal still going strong, Andy Murray now the hunted: 5 things we learnt from Mubadala World Tennis Championship About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae

Services Advertising Press Room Image bank Monitoring Subscribe for news Tuesday, 03 January 2017 USD 27.19 EUR 28.42 RUB 0.45 ENG УКР РУС Search Our Community Close. Information Agency Main Page Politics Economy War Kyiv Society World Pictures Videos Opinions Publications For subscribers Services Press Room Monitoring Image bank Products Advertising Archive Feedback Contact Russian 'convoy' took away 40 bodies of Russian soldiers - Ukrainian intelligence According to the report by Ukraine's Military Intel, Russian military command uses the so-called "humanitarian convoys" to secretly take away its KIA's. The aim of this operation is to conceal presence of the Russian army in Donbas, according to Ukraine Today. War 15:40, 28 December 2016 REUTERS Moreover, the intelligence reports that the tensions between Russia-backed separatist forces and their commanders - Russian officers - continue to escalate. On December 26, there was a gunfight in Bryanka between drunk soldiers and Russian officers that conducted a spot check, Ukraine Today reports. Read alsoSBU chief comments on cons and pros of possible martial law in Donbas As a result, one person was killed and several more were wounded. Because of this, soldiers were forbidden to leave the headquarters and were stripped of compensation for injuries that were sustained while they were drunk. This caused even more disagreements with their supervisors.  If you notice a spelling error, please highlight it with your mouse and press Ctrl+Enter Read also Militants shell Ukraine positions in Donbas 44 times in past 24 hrs OSCE spots vehicle for KIA transportation on Ukraine-Russia border ATO HQ: Militants attack observation post near Popasna, retreat with losses after failing Journalist on two female hostages released by militants: "One of them fell in love with DPR terrorist" Rada Speaker Andriy Parubiy: Ukraine was always losing because of internal confrontation rather than external aggression ATO HQ: Militants attack Ukraine in all sectors Dec 29 War 10:30 Ukraine reports 3 WIA, 38 attacks on its positions in Donbas over past 24 hrs 01 January, Sunday 21:35 ATO HQ: Militants attack Ukraine 22 times Jan 1, mostly in Mariupol sector 18:32 Ukraine reports 1 WIA in past 24 hours 13:04 Russian proxies attack Ukraine 44 times in last day 31 December, Saturday 22:30 "Heroes never die": Poroshenko speaks of Donbas death toll in 2016 11:00 Mortar shelling, clash near Popasna: ATO HQ report 30 December, Friday 21:36 ATO HQ: Militants attack observation post near Popasna, retreat with losses after failing 18:34 Military prosecutor: 3 WIA, 5 non-combat losses in Donbas in last day 15:20 "Silence" in ATO zone: Ukraine reports 3 WIA 13:45 Ukraine to shoot down aircraft breaching its airspace 10:40 OSCE spots vehicle for KIA transportation on Ukraine-Russia border 09:00 Day in ATO: snipers active in all areas 29 December, Thursday 21:02 ATO HQ: Militants attack Ukraine in all sectors Dec 29 15:20 Ukrainian General assesses likelihood of Russian airstrikes against Ukraine 14:00 Clash near Kruta Balka: ATO HQ elaborates on casualties, details 10:00 Ukraine reports clash with militant forces near Kruta Balka in Donbas 28 December, Wednesday 19:33 ATO HQ: Russian proxies attack Ukraine in all sectors Dec 28 17:55 Militants massing Grads near Svitlodarska Duha 15:40 Russian 'convoy' took away 40 bodies of Russian soldiers - Ukrainian intelligence 14:20 SBU chief comments on cons and pros of possible martial law in Donbas 09:40 Militants shell Ukraine positions in Donbas 44 times in past 24 hrs 27 December, Tuesday 16:00 "Silence mode" in Donbas not working: militants fire on Ukraine positions in all directions 15:20 Russian Kalmyk soldiers "got lost" in Ukraine steppes: OSINT investigation 15:00 Turchynov: 2017 to become turning point in liberation of occupied Donbas 12:20 Journalist on two female hostages released by militants: "One of them fell in love with DPR terrorist" 12:00 Two Ukrainian soldiers captured by militants, taken to occupied Luhansk 00:35 Two Ukrainian soldiers reported missing in occupied Donbas 26 December, Monday 23:36 Ukraine retrieves all bodies of Ukrainian soldiers killed near Svitlodarsk Bulge 15:50 No ceasefire in Donbas: militants attack Ukraine 33 times in last day – Poltorak 15:20 SBU exposes terrorists' communication channel in Donbas (photo, video) 15:00 Ukraine intel: 18 occupiers KIA in Donbas last week, Luhansk morgue full with bodies of Russia troops 09:20 Handover of bodies of killed Ukraine troops at Svitlodarsk Arc: details 25 December, Sunday 12:31 Militants attack Ukraine 39 times in last day 24 December, Saturday 20:48 Russian proxies continue violating "ceasefire", attack in all sectors 16:55 Ukraine reports 1 WIA, 4 cases of concussion in past 24 hours 14:44 "Ceasefire" in Donbas at risk: militants carry out provocative attacks 12:28 JCCC: Ceasefire introduced along contact line in Donbas 11:43 Militants attack Ukraine 50 times in last day, use Grads in Luhansk sector 23 December, Friday 22:35 Ukraine retakes village near Svitlodarska Duha bulge 15:20 8 Ukrainian troops KIA at Svitlodarsk Arc over 5 days – Lysenko 11:00 Three Ukrainian soldiers captured, brutally tortured, then killed by Donbas militants – activist 10:00 Militants attack Ukraine 22 times in last day, twice at Svitlodarska Duha 09:00 Opinion No Christmas lull in Donbas to be expected 22 December, Thursday 18:47 Updated OSCE reports 300% spike in use of banned arms in Donbas last week 15:40 Ukraine reports 11 WIA in past 24 hours 11:20 Russian hackers tracked Ukrainian artillery units using Android implant: report 10:20 Turchynov on battles near Svitlodarsk: Our troops take new positions after counter-attack 10:00 Russian proxies attack Ukraine 24 times in last day 09:20 U.S.-supplied drones disappoint Ukraine at Donbas front lines 21 December, Wednesday 22:59 Russian proxies pledge truce in Donbas for Christmas 18:49 Bellingcat presents interactive data map of Russia artillery strikes on Ukraine 15:20 Ukraine reports 2 KIA, 8 WIA in past 24 hours 09:40 ATO HQ: Militants attack Ukraine 33 times in last day 20 December, Tuesday 16:40 Fighting near Svitlodarsk: 1 KIA, 9 WIA in past 24 hours 15:15 Militants try to penetrate Ukraine defenses near Svitlodarsk 14:00 Britain extends training of Ukrainian Armed Forces 10:00 ATO HQ: Militants attack Ukrainian positions in all sectors in last day 19 December, Monday 23:57 OSCE counts 2,900 truce violations amid Svitlodarska Duha battles within one day 23:23 Ukrainian military expect enemy offensive in Donbas this night 14:00 Updated "Three fire raids": AFU reveal details of battle at Svitlodarska Duha 10:20 German expert explains why Donbas solution not reached yet 09:40 Militant attack at Svitlodarska Duha: enemy retreat, many dead and wounded 18 December, Sunday 22:55 Number of Ukraine WIA's grows to 26 as Svitlodarska Duha shelling continues – media 20:59 Ukraine army casualties in two-hour battle on Sunday: 5 KIA's, 6 WIA's 18:54 Updated Last survived defender of Donetsk airport freed after almost two years' captivity (Photos) All news All news Open © UNIAN.INFO, 2017 All Rights Protected. Under article 26 of the Law of Ukraine "On information agencies" the right of ownership of the news agency’s products is protected by Ukrainian legislation. The information published by UNIAN and the site unian.info are the property of "UNIAN." Any copying, including parts of texts or images, the publication and republication, reprinting or any other dissemination of UNIAN content, in whatever form or by whatever technical means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of UNIAN. While quoting any content of the agency, subscribers are obliged to note that its source is UNIAN. Material from UNIAN Web sites can be quoted without consent only on the condition that no more than one paragraph of text is used, and a direct hyperlink to the original text, accessible to search engines, is included no lower than the second paragraph of the text. The UNIAN logo is a registered trademark (service mark) UNIAN. Materials marked as "PR" and "Advertising" are considered as advertisements, and all responsibility for them lies with the advertiser. Load more Do you like the new site? Leave your opinion Send
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Happy Holidays! This site relies upon advertisements to continue producing new Linux/open-source content over the past 12+ years. If you wish to continue blocking ads, please consider this holiday joining ad-free Phoronix Premium. Besides an ad-free experience, Phoronix Premium grants access to multi-page articles on a single page and other benefits while still supporting our site. Or if you insist on blocking ads, perhaps consider a holiday tip? Thanks for your support and happy holidays. OpenCV 3.2 Computer Vision Stack Released Written by Michael Larabel in Free Software on 28 December 2016 at 08:08 AM EST. Add A Comment A big update to the Open-Source Computer Vision library was quietly released just before Christmas. OpenCV 3.2 features many improvements to the DNN module, support for more image formats and camera back-ends, an interactive camera calibration application, more algorithms have been added, support for the newest operating systems, various Intel and ARM architecture optimizations, support for using a vendor-provided OpenVX and LAPACK/BLAS libraries, and much more. Thanks to the Google Summer of Code are also some improvements and documentation enhancements, including OpenCV tutorials in Python / C++ / Java. OpenCV 3.2 also now exposes OpenCL acceleration to Python, the DNN module has refactored OpenCL acceleration, several OpenCL kernels were added that are optimized for Intel graphics, CUDA 8 is now supported, and a lot of other changes. More details on the OpenCV 3.2 release via the announcement at OpenCV.org while a closer look at the changes for this Computer Vision library update can be found from this GitHub page. Add A Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Free Software News Should Tarballs Be On Their Way Out The Door In 2017? SQLite 3.16 Released, Uses Less CPU Cycles & Adds Experimental PRAGMA Support Zlib 1.2.9 Released, First Update In Three Years The Open-Source / Linux Letdowns Of 2016 Libpng Updates Fix 21-Year-Old Null Dereference Bug OpenVPN 2.4 Released: Adds LZ4 Compression, Android Platform Support Popular News Wine 2.0 Is Looking Like It Will Be A Late January Release Mesa's RADV Vulkan Driver Receives Some Fixes For DOOM Former Valve Developer: Steam Linux Project Was The Hardest The Top BSD News This Year: Ubuntu Atop BSD, FreeBSD 11.0, DragonFly's HAMMER2 Arcan Display Server Working On X.Org / Wayland Compatibility Lineage: Forking CyanogenMod To A New Android Distribution Latest Linux News RadeonSI Patches Boost Deus Ex: MD Performance By ~70% Dawn-CC: Automatically Adding OpenACC/OpenMP Directives To Programs KDE Kirigami UI 2.0 Beta Released: Better Android Integration, QQC2 Focus Linux 4.9/4.10, Solaris Rumors, Graphics Driver News Ended Out 2016 GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Should Tarballs Be On Their Way Out The Door In 2017? Steam's Linux Marketshare Ended Slightly Lower For 2016 Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 Steam's Top Grossing Games Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Featured Articles Happy New Year! That's A Wrap For 2016 With 3,336 New Articles + 248 Reviews/Featured Articles Setting Up A MoCA 2.0 Ethernet-Over-Coax Network, Linux LAN Benchmarks EXT4 / F2FS / Btrfs / XFS On Early Linux 4.10 Kernel NVIDIA CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks For Ending 2016 + cuDNN Caffe AlexNet/Googlenet Running The Intel NUC6i7KYK On Linux With Skylake Iris Pro Graphics Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Hardware overclocking kaby lake Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked past 7GHz barrier By Shawn Knight on Dec 27, 2016, 4:45 PM 41 comments TechSpot Intel has been seeding samples of its upcoming Core i7-7700K Kaby Lake desktop CPU to reviewers and professional hardware enthusiasts ahead of what’ll likely be an official unveiling at CES 2017. One such recipient, Allen “Splave” Golibersuch, recently shared good news on the overclocking front. TechPowerUp reports that Splave managed to cross the 7GHz barrier using the aforementioned i7-7700K. Specifically, he was able to hit a benchmark-stable 7,022.96MHz (multiplier of 69x and a bus speed of 101.78MHz) using an ASRock Z170 OC Formula motherboard. That said, some concessions were made in order to achieve the milestone. Splave had to disable HyperThreading as well as two of the processor’s four physical cores. The Vcore voltage, meanwhile, was pushed all the way up to 2.00V which meant liquid nitrogen had to be used for cooling. That said, the chip reportedly completed PiFast in 9.02 seconds and zipped through SuperPi 32M in roughly four minutes and 20 seconds. When paired with an Asus GTX 1080 STRIX OC video card, the combo turned in a score of 643,316 in Aquamark and 86,798 in 3DMark 05. Some will no doubt discredit the feat due to the fact that two cores were disabled and / or liquid nitrogen had to be used and that’s a fair argument. With NDAs set to lift any day now, most will be more interested in how the chip performs in an everyday setup with either air or basic liquid cooling. Related Reads Intel 'Kaby Lake' Core i7-7700K CPU details leaked in benchmark results Early Core i7-7700K benchmarks suggest minor speed gains over Skylake Intel rebrands their Broadwell Y line as Core M 41 comments 2,082 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Refreshed ThinkPads feature Kaby Lake CPUs and Optane SSDs Cherry MX Silent switches promise tactile feedback without the noise Samsung refreshes Notebook 9 line of lightweight laptops Popular 29 comments Trump wants to use couriers for important messages because "no computer is safe" Corsair Force MP500 480GB Review Load Comments 41 ... User Comments: 41 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 18 Removing "line in" echo from Realtek HD Audio output (if it is not a sound effect) 19 Is my PC good for gaming? 60 What was the last piece of PC hardware you bought? 7 Budget Build Feedback 10 Color MFC Laser Printer Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Trending: Tips for new tech devices IDG Editors on tech trends for '17 Tech luminaries we lost in 2016 Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Tips on shooting great video with your drone Free tools for your cyber-security efforts 5 tips for succeeding with a virtual workforce More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Data Center IDG Contributor Network Want to Join? Redmond Observer By Andy Patrizio |Follow News Analysis When the Big One hits Seattle, will cloud providers stay on? The quake that will devastate tech is not the one you think. Computerworld | Dec 28, 2016 3:30 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Alicia.iverson More like this CloudVelox eases migration of core business apps to the cloud Citrix is building your workspace of the future The votes are in: Which mobile data provider is best? Video Need a data center location? Iceland wants you The San Andreas Fault gets all the attention, media coverage and movies, but it’s not the fault line the tech sector needs to worry about. A much bigger problem lies to the north, and some of the most important tech firms are directly in its crosshairs. The Cascadia subduction zone runs north-south from Canada to northern California and sits roughly 80 miles offshore. That’s the good news, since it’s 80 miles out to sea, as opposed to the San Andreas and Hayward faults, which run right through the Silicon Valley and East Bay, respectively. The bad news is it is capable of a much more severe quake. The Cascadia fault is believed to be capable of a 9.4 magnitude quake. Residents of the Pacific Northwest got quite a fright last year when The New Yorker published an article called “The Really Big One,” which detailed the potential of a 9.4 magnitude earthquake hitting the area. The article outlined projections for 13,000 immediate deaths, one million left homeless, and the whole region left without power and water for months. The quote that shook everyone up came from Kenneth Murphy, the director of the division of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) that's responsible for that whole region. "Our operating assumption is that everything west of Interstate 5 will be toast,” he said. That includes the Washington state capital of Olympia. This puts four significant technology companies directly in the line of fire: Amazon, Microsoft, Intel and T-Mobile. Amazon is located in downtown Seattle, which will get hit much harder. Microsoft and T-Mobile, along with Nintendo of America, are further inland to the east, which should lessen the rumbling. If the quake is bad, the aftermath will be far worse. The chairman of the Oregon Seismic Safety Policy Advisory Commission (OSSPAC) told The New Yorker it estimates that in the I-5 corridor it will take between one and three months to restore electricity after the earthquake, a month to a year to restore drinking water and sewer service, six months to a year to restore major highways, and eighteen months to restore healthcare facilities. That basically means the PNW will be uninhabitable for months and perhaps more than a year. If that becomes the case, Microsoft, Amazon, T-Mobile, and Intel, along with Boeing, Starbucks, Costco, Groupon, and many other companies, could be put out of business as their employees are all evacuated from the region. Needless to say, this will really disrupt their businesses, but it will also disrupt yours. What happens to the two largest cloud providers in the business, Amazon and Microsoft? Sure, their data centers are scattered all over the country and will be unaffected, but the management of those cloud services is handled out of Amazon and Microsoft headquarters. Billing is done through corporate, not the remote data centers. And if the worst case scenarios happens and Seattle must be evacuated, Jeff Bezos and Satya Nadella will have much bigger concerns than getting people to pay their AWS or Azure bill. I asked both companies about these things and was basically stonewalled. The only company to offer anything resembling an answer was Intel. Down on the outskirts west of Portland is the city of Hillsboro, where Intel has a significant amount of its engineering teams. Most x86 work, CPUs and chipsets, is done there, and the killer quake could bring chip development to a halt. Intel told me it has contingency plans in place for a wide variety of emergencies and disasters that they review and update regularly, and do drills with the local emergency services. After all, the Santa Clara HQ is sitting smack between the San Andreas and Hayward faults. So even though Amazon and Microsoft wouldn't fess up, I have to think they have a similar kind of emergency plan to keep their companies functioning and cloud services going even if a massive quake does leave Seattle in ruins. But as a customer, it can't hurt you to ask them. They may not answer me but they have to answer a customer or potential customer. This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join? To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Data Center Cloud Computing Microsoft Amazon.com Intel Andy Patrizio is a freelance journalist based in southern California who has covered the computer industry for 20 years and has built every x86 PC he’s ever owned, laptops not included. Review: Microsoft Teams tries to do Slack one better Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Why Microsoft added 6 years to Windows Server support Microsoft hopes that extending support for the Windows Server and SQL Server product lines will keep... A.I. tools came out of the lab in 2016 Researchers create two-atom-sized radio out of pink diamonds Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go 5 tips for succeeding with a virtual workforce Ensuring team effectiveness in a global virtual environment takes great communications skills and a... Fighting ransomware: A fresh look at Windows Server approaches Make sure your backup files really work -- test them! -- or else they will be no use to you in this... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Hewlett Packard Enterprise How hybrid infrastructure fuels IT velocity Popular Resources Black River Case Study IBM Systems and VAI Solution Brief Imperial Bag Case Study Imperial Bag Case Study Huddle Spaces: The New Look for Corporate Workspaces Go Top Stories Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' President-elect Donald Trump weighed in on IT security at a New Year's Eve party, suggesting that the... Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Considering a data warehouse system? Download this free report for side-by-side comparisons of rival... Making gas stations safe for fraudsters again With soaring online fraud, Mastercard and Visa have done what they can to boost in-store crime. They... 2016: The tech year in cartoons From Microsoft’s push to get users to upgrade to Windows 10 — whether they wanted to or not — to the... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Happy Holidays! This site relies upon advertisements to continue producing new Linux/open-source content over the past 12+ years. If you wish to continue blocking ads, please consider this holiday joining ad-free Phoronix Premium. Besides an ad-free experience, Phoronix Premium grants access to multi-page articles on a single page and other benefits while still supporting our site. Or if you insist on blocking ads, perhaps consider a holiday tip? Thanks for your support and happy holidays. Intel's Beignet Working On More OpenCL 2.0 Support Written by Michael Larabel in Intel on 28 December 2016 at 06:25 AM EST. Add A Comment It's unfortunate that the Beignet developers weren't able to get OpenCL 2.0 support fully working for Intel graphics hardware by the end of 2016, but nevertheless the project is ongoing and more OCL2 work landed today. Over in Beignet Git is more of the OpenCL 2.0 upbringing. There is generic address space memcpy and memset, enabling -cl-std=CL2.0, adding some bitcode files related to OpenCL 2, add read_write image type of image APIs, a prolifing feature for CL2, and more. The OpenCL 2.0 support is going bit by bit into Git master with Beignet's OCL20 branch not being used anymore for staging the new code. Hopefully it won't be too much longer before seeing a full open-source OpenCL 2.0 implementation for Intel's graphics processors. Add A Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Intel News AVC VDENC Video Encoding Enabled For Intel Broxton & Kabylake Broadwell HD Graphics 5500 Delivering Similar Vulkan/OpenGL Performance Beignet Now Implements Enough OpenCL 2.0 To Support It For Skylake+ Intel Sends In Their First Two Batches Of DRM Changes For Linux 4.11 Late TurboStat Patches For Linux 4.10 Add Denverton & Knights Mill Support Intel May Finally Enable Framebuffer Compression By Default For Skylake+ Popular News Wine 2.0 Is Looking Like It Will Be A Late January Release Mesa's RADV Vulkan Driver Receives Some Fixes For DOOM Former Valve Developer: Steam Linux Project Was The Hardest The Top BSD News This Year: Ubuntu Atop BSD, FreeBSD 11.0, DragonFly's HAMMER2 Arcan Display Server Working On X.Org / Wayland Compatibility Lineage: Forking CyanogenMod To A New Android Distribution Latest Linux News RadeonSI Patches Boost Deus Ex: MD Performance By ~70% Dawn-CC: Automatically Adding OpenACC/OpenMP Directives To Programs KDE Kirigami UI 2.0 Beta Released: Better Android Integration, QQC2 Focus Linux 4.9/4.10, Solaris Rumors, Graphics Driver News Ended Out 2016 GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Should Tarballs Be On Their Way Out The Door In 2017? Steam's Linux Marketshare Ended Slightly Lower For 2016 Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 Steam's Top Grossing Games Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Featured Articles Happy New Year! That's A Wrap For 2016 With 3,336 New Articles + 248 Reviews/Featured Articles Setting Up A MoCA 2.0 Ethernet-Over-Coax Network, Linux LAN Benchmarks EXT4 / F2FS / Btrfs / XFS On Early Linux 4.10 Kernel NVIDIA CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks For Ending 2016 + cuDNN Caffe AlexNet/Googlenet Running The Intel NUC6i7KYK On Linux With Skylake Iris Pro Graphics Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. accuses Chinese citizens of hacking law firms, insider trading Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Wed Dec 28, 2016 | 5:28am EST U.S. accuses Chinese citizens of hacking law firms, insider trading A map of China is seen through a magnifying glass on a computer screen showing binary digits in Singapore in this January 2, 2014 photo illustration. REUTERS/Edgar Su By Nate Raymond | NEW YORK NEW YORK Three Chinese citizens have been criminally charged in the United States with trading on confidential corporate information obtained by hacking into networks and servers of law firms working on mergers, U.S. prosecutors said on Tuesday. Iat Hong of Macau, Bo Zheng of Changsha, China, and Chin Hung of Macau were charged in an indictment filed in Manhattan federal court with conspiracy, insider trading, wire fraud and computer intrusion. Prosecutors said the men made more than $4 million by placing trades in at least five company stocks based on inside information from unnamed law firms, including about deals involving Intel Corp and Pitney Bowes Inc. The men listed themselves in brokerage records as working at information technology companies, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission said in a related civil lawsuit. Hong, 26, was arrested on Sunday in Hong Kong, while Hung, 50, and Zheng, 30, are not in custody, prosecutors said. Defense lawyers could not be immediately identified. The case is the latest U.S. insider trading prosecution to involve hacking, and follows warnings by U.S. officials that law firms could become prime targets for hackers. "This case of cyber meets securities fraud should serve as a wake-up call for law firms around the world: you are and will be targets of cyber hacking, because you have information valuable to would-be criminals," U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara in Manhattan said. Prosecutors said that beginning in April 2014, the trio obtained inside information by hacking two U.S. law firms and targeting the email accounts of law firm partners working on mergers and acquisitions. Prosecutors did not identify the two law firms, or five others they said the defendants targeted. But one matched the description of New York-based Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, which represented Pitney Bowes in its 2015 acquisition of Borderfree Inc, one of the mergers in question. The indictment said that by using a law firm employee's credentials, the defendants installed malware on the firm's servers to access emails from lawyers, including a partner responsible for the Pitney deal. Cravath declined to comment. In March, Cravath confirmed discovering a "limited breach" of its systems in 2015. Prosecutors also accused the defendants of trading on information stolen from a law firm representing Intel on the chipmaker's acquisition of Altera Inc in 2015. Intel's merger counsel on the deal was New York-based Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP. The law firm declined to comment. In Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said she was aware of the reports about the case but knew nothing about it. The case is U.S. v. Hong et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 16-cr-360. (Reporting by Nate Raymond; Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in Beijing; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Richard Chang) Next In Technology News Samsung Electronics to reveal Galaxy Note 7 probe results this month: JoongAng Ilbo SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd will announce this month the results of an investigation into what caused some of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones to catch fire, the JoongAng Ilbo newspaper reported on Monday citing unnamed sources. Bitcoin jumps above $1,000 for first time in three years LONDON Digital currency bitcoin kicked off the new year by jumping above $1,000 for the first time in three years late on Sunday, having outperformed all central-bank-issued currencies with a 125 percent climb in 2016. Apple to cut iPhone production in first quarter of 2017: report Apple Inc will trim production of iPhones by about 10 percent in the January-March quarter of 2017, the Nikkei financial daily reported on Thursday, citing calculations based on data from suppliers. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Gardens glow in California light exhibit Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Gigabyte’s upcoming BRIX Gaming GT Desktop leaks 1 by Sean Chan Dec 28, 2016 at 9:54 GMT6 days ago Ahead of CES next month, one of Gigabyte’s flagships product has leaked online. The company’s upcoming BRIX Gaming GT Desktop has been spotted on one of its official websites, which will likely get pulled very soon. However, the website has revealed all the specs of the device and it seems like a pretty interesting device. Firstly, Gigabyte will be offering two different variants of the device: one with the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 GPU and another with the 1080 GPU. For the CPU, Gigabyte is including a 6th gen Intel Core i7-6700K processor clocked at 4.0GHz which is quite interesting to see as most OEMs are opting for 7th gen Intel processors for their new devices at the moment. The CPU does come with Intel’s Turbo Boost 2.0 technology, which is definitely a major plus point since it is capable of providing a lot of power during gaming. This, obviously, makes the device capable of powering virtual reality headsets like the HTC Vive which is pretty neat. Gigabyte is also including 16GB of DDR4 RAM, 240GB of SSD and 1TB HDD for internal storage. The device comes with one USB Type-C Thunderbolt 3 port, and three USB 3.0 Type-A ports. The device also has Bluetooth 4.2 and 808.11ac for Wi-Fi built-in. At the moment, pricing details for the BRIX Gaming GT aren’t available which is expected considering the fact that it hasn’t been announced officially just yet. The company will likely reveal more details at CES, so we’ll let you know when that happens. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Source guru3d Related BRIX Gaming GT ces CES 2017 gigabyte Gigabyte BRIX Gigabyte BRIX Gaming GT Gigabyte BRIX Gaming GT Desktop NVIDIA GeForce 1080 Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Exclusive: Windows 10 Creators Update set to be released on April 2017 by Mehedi Hassan 0 Trending Leaked slide suggests Samsung’s Galaxy S8 Android phone may come with a Continuum-like desktop solution by Surur 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast 2016’s Microsoft Moments by Andrew Bennett on December 30, 2016 Vernon E. L. Smith and Andrew Bennett are back again for the last episode of 2016! This week both Vernon and Andrew look at some of their favorite Microsoft moments from the past year. You c... Subscribe Now Windows 10 Specs of Qualcomm’s first ARM processor capable of running Windows 10 leaked by Sean Chan on January 2, 2017 Qualcomm is set to launch its next-gen Snapdragon processor at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. The company’s upcoming Snapdragon processor, the Snapdragon 835 will be its f... Majority of Steam users finally on Windows 10 by Surur It’s taken a while, but Windows 10 users finally outnumber the number of Steam users on other computing users on the gaming platform. In the latest Steam Hardware Survey report for Ja... Exclusive: Windows 10 Creators Update set to be released on April 2017 by Mehedi Hassan Last October at the Windows 10 event in New York City, Microsoft officially unveiled the Windows 10 Creators Update, codenamed “Redstone 2.” At the event, Microsoft stated that the updat... Dell finally introduces a convertible XPS 13 by Mehedi Hassan Dell’s recent XPS devices are definitely one of the prettiest laptops you can get right now. The company’s Edge-to-Edge displays are simply beautiful looking, but there’s b... Dell’s new convertible XPS 13 leaks ahead of CES 2017 by Mehedi Hassan The Consumer Electronics Show starts tomorrow in Las Vegas. CES is where most new Windows devices were revealed in the past several years, and this year it probably won’t be any differ... Deals Deals Microsoft launch a $20 post-holidays Xbox One discount, available for $279 If you managed to miss all the great Xbox One discounts this holiday season, or maybe want to spend some of the cash gifts you received last week, Microsoft has a deal for you. They are offe... Deal Alert: Snag a 200GB Micro SD card from Amazon for just $63 Out of space of your Surface or Windows phone? Amazon is offering the 200GB Sandisk Micro SD memory card for jut $63 in the USA today. Ideal for premium Android-based smartphones and tablets... Deal Alert: Microsoft begins second week of Xbox countdown deals, offering 50% c... Microsoft has released the second week of their Xbox Countdown deals, and you can purchase the following Xbox One games from up to 60% off. While the initial game list was full of A-Listers ... Deal: Get 10% off Surface Book devices in the UK Amazon UK is now offering 10% discount on Surface Book devices. You can get £130 discount on the entry-level Surface Book model. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB/model is now availa... Deal Alert: Last 12 hours to get ReCore for Xbox One half-price for just $19.99 You can still get the popular adventure game ReCore for just $19.99 from the Microsoft Store. Experience a new masterpiece from Keiji Inafune and the makers of Metroid Prime. Explore a dyna... Microsoft cuts $300 from most Surface Pro 4 models till 31st December, Core i5 m... If you have any pennies left over from Christmas for the New Year’s sales Microsoft is happy to help relieve your wallet of that burden. The company is now offering up to $300 off most... Deal Alert: Save £60 on the Sandisk Ultra 256 GB microSD card, only 7 hours lef... A microSD card is a quick and easy way to add storage to your phone or PC, and if your PC has a SD card slot, with the right adapter is the perfect way to add back-up and versioning to your ... Deal: Get $100 discount on HTC VIVE VR System, plus free $100 gift code and two ... You can now get the HTC VIVE VR system for $699 ($100 discount) from Microsoft Store in the US. Along with the discount, you can also get free $100 Microsoft Store gift card and two free gam... Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover for £699 Argos UK is now selling Surface Pro 4 device with 128GB / Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover for just £699. You can also save £20 on Microsoft Office 365 when bought with this devic... Deal: Get the recently released ‘Final Fantasy XV’ on Xbox One for o... Online retailer Amazon has been offering tons of deals this holiday season in an effort to help you with your gift giving, and one of the retailer’s ongoing perks, the Gold Box’ ... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Toggle navigation Toggle Universal Navigation News facebook twitter youtube login Home News Business Overseas Entertainment Life Sports Trending Weather Focus ANC DZMM TV PATROL Home  >  Overseas US accuses Chinese citizens of hacking law firms, insider trading Nate Raymond, Reuters Posted at Dec 28 2016 04:41 PM Share Facebook Twitter GPlus LinkedIn Pinterest NEW YORK - Three Chinese citizens have been criminally charged in the United States with trading on confidential corporate information obtained by hacking into networks and servers of law firms working on mergers, US prosecutors said on Tuesday. Iat Hong of Macau, Bo Zheng of Changsha, China, and Chin Hung of Macau were charged in an indictment filed in Manhattan federal court with conspiracy, insider trading, wire fraud and computer intrusion. Prosecutors said the men made more than $4 million by placing trades in at least five company stocks based on inside information from unnamed law firms, including about deals involving Intel Corp and Pitney Bowes Inc. The men listed themselves in brokerage records as working at information technology companies, the US Securities and Exchange Commission said in a related civil lawsuit. Hong, 26, was arrested on Sunday in Hong Kong, while Hung, 50, and Zheng, 30, are not in custody, prosecutors said. Defense lawyers could not be immediately identified. The case is the latest US insider trading prosecution to involve hacking, and follows warnings by U.S. officials that law firms could become prime targets for hackers. "This case of cyber meets securities fraud should serve as a wake-up call for law firms around the world: you are and will be targets of cyber hacking, because you have information valuable to would-be criminals," US Attorney Preet Bharara in Manhattan said. Prosecutors said that beginning in April 2014, the trio obtained inside information by hacking two US law firms and targeting the email accounts of law firm partners working on mergers and acquisitions. Prosecutors did not identify the two law firms, or five others they said the defendants targeted. But one matched the description of New York-based Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, which represented Pitney Bowes in its 2015 acquisition of Borderfree Inc, one of the mergers in question. The indictment said that by using a law firm employee's credentials, the defendants installed malware on the firm's servers to access emails from lawyers, including a partner responsible for the Pitney deal. Cravath declined to comment. In March, Cravath confirmed discovering a "limited breach" of its systems in 2015. Prosecutors also accused the defendants of trading on information stolen from a law firm representing Intel on the chipmaker's acquisition of Altera Inc in 2015. Intel's merger counsel on the deal was New York-based Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP. The law firm declined to comment. In Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said she was aware of the reports about the case but knew nothing about it. The case is U.S. v. Hong et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 16-cr-360. - With additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in Beijing Share Facebook Share on Twitter GPlus LinkedIn Pinterest Read More:  United States   Chinese   Securities and Exchange Commission   hacking   insider trading   /sports/01/03/17/chelsea-rivals-want-spurs-win-pochettino /sports/01/03/17/nadal-hopes-schedule-change-brings-success /sports/01/03/17/federer-returns-in-style-to-beat-evans-at-hopman /sports/01/03/17/ferrer-muguruza-break-australian-hearts-in-brisbane /business/01/03/17/pension-hike-must-come-from-sss-funds-diokno LATEST NEWS MOST READ Chelsea rivals want Spurs win: Pochettino January 03, 2017 Nadal hopes schedule change brings success January 03, 2017 Federer returns in style to beat Evans at Hopman January 03, 2017 Ferrer, Muguruza break Australian hearts in Brisbane January 03, 2017 Pension hike must come from SSS funds: Diokno January 03, 2017 Defoe frustrates Liverpool, Aguero helps Man City win January 03, 2017 Fil-Am YouTuber dances live for a cause January 03, 2017 China navy confirms carrier conducted drills in S. China Sea January 03, 2017 Djokovic survives scare in Doha season opener January 03, 2017 4 pinatay ng riding-in-tandem sa Caloocan January 03, 2017 'Salvage' victim, natagpuan sa likod ng Manila Post Office January 03, 2017 Davao 911 helps residents affected by floods January 03, 2017 Duterte seeks 'strategic shift' from US to China: envoy January 03, 2017 Suspek sa indiscriminate firing, napatay ng mga pulis January 03, 2017 Streaming subscription boom boosts US music sales January 03, 2017 LOOK: Marlon Stockinger shares sexy photo of Pia Wurtzbach READ: Love luck for animal signs in 2017 Jerome Alcere of 'PBB' comes out as gay LOOK: Vic Sotto's daughter gets married on New Year's Day LOOK: James Yap spends New Year's Eve with Josh IN PHOTOS: Cristine Reyes shows off newly-renovated home Mariah Carey suffers lip sync fail at New Year's Eve show WATCH: Karla shares birthday message for Daniel's dad What's in store for KathNiel, JaDine in 2017 LOOK: Vic Sotto's ex finally meets Pauleen Luna Jan 9 is holiday in Manila due to Traslacion WATCH: Vhong, Streetboys bust out suave moves on 'GGV' LOOK: PAL completes 1st international flight at Clark Pia Wurtzbach urges Pinoys: Show the world the beauty of Philippines After New Year's Eve debacle, Mariah Carey wishes for 'more headlines' next © 2016 ABS-CBN Corporation. All Rights Reserved. AboutCareersPrivacyTermsContact UsAdvertise With Us
Home Business Software Chips Mobile Internet Security Review Desktop Software Graphics cards Laptops Mobile apps Mobiles Peripherals Storage Tablets Workstations TechEye Home Business Software Chips Mobile Internet Security Review Desktop Software Graphics cards Laptops Mobile apps Mobiles Peripherals Storage Tablets Workstations Menu Qualcomm faces $854 million for anti-trust Posted on December 28, 2016 by Nick Farrell - Business, Chips, News South Korea’s antitrust watchdog has bitten a $854 million chunk from Qualcomm’s bottom line claiming the chipmaker used unfair business practices in patent licensing and modem chip sales. Qualcomm said that it will appeal the decision which would be the largest ever levied in South Korea. The Korea Fair Trade Commission which is very nearly the unfortunate acronym of a US fried chicken outfit  (KFTC) ruled  Qualcomm abused its dominant market position and forced handset makers to pay royalties for an unnecessarily broad set of patents as part of sales of its modem chips. Qualcomm also restricted competition by refusing or limiting licensing of its standard essential patents related to modem chips to rival chipmakers such as Intel, Samsung  and MediaTek , the regulator said, hindering their sales and leaving their products vulnerable to lawsuits. The regulator ordered Qualcomm to negotiate in good faith with rival chipmakers on patent licensing and renegotiate chip supply agreements with handset makers if requested – measures that would affect the U.S. firm’s dealings with major tech companies including Apple, Intel, Samsung and Huawei if upheld. The KFTC said it began its investigations into Qualcomm’s practices in 2014 following complaints from industry participants, but did not name specific companies. Foreign companies including Apple, Intel, MediaTek and Huawei expressed their views during the regulator’s deliberation process, KFTC Secretary General Shin Young-son told a media briefing in the country’s administrative capital. Qualcomm said it will file for an immediate stay of the corrective order and appeal the decision to the Seoul High Court. The firm will also appeal the amount of the fine and the method used to calculate it. “Qualcomm strongly disagrees with the KFTC’s announced decision,” it said in a statement. While the fine is big, analysts said that the KFTC’s orders for Qualcomm to alter its business practices have bigger future implications for the chipmaker. The ruling forces the company to license patents for some of its chips to rivals such as Intel, which has been competing hard to land its modem chips in mobile phones.   Tags: chips, intel, mobile, Qualcomm Search for: Recent Articles Don't look at that email when you wake up Checking your email on your smartphone after you wake up is a bad way to start the day, according to[...] 2016 a bad year for tech celebs too While the world moaned about the surprise exit of so many celebs in 2016 it was a pretty rubbish yea[...] Germany thinking of fining Facebook for each fake news story The German government is thinking of slapping a huge fine on Facebook for each fake news story it pu[...] Lumia has gone the way of the Dodo It is starting to look like the end is near for Microsoft's Lumia handsets and it is about to go the[...] Consumer Reports will not bow to Apple pressure The nonprofit outfit Consumer Reports is standing by its damning verdict on the MacBook Pro and is r[...] © 2017 TechEye.
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 28, 2016December 28, 2016 by Monika Donimirska U.S. accuses Chinese citizens of hacking law firms, insider trading By Reuters Published: 03:28 EST, 28 December 2016 | Updated: 03:28 EST, 28 December 2016 By Nate Raymond NEW YORK, Dec 27 (Reuters) – Three Chinese citizens have been criminally charged in the United States with trading on confidential corporate information obtained by hacking into networks and servers of law firms working on mergers, U.S. prosecutors said on Tuesday. Iat Read more => U.S. accuses Chinese citizens of hacking law firms, insider trading CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Indian-Origin Man Charged For Bribing $ 2 Million To Mexican Officials Next PostNext 2017 look ahead: Southeast Asia's fight against terrorism Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Samsung Electronics Unveils Family Hub 2.0 and Smart Built-in Appliances at CES 2017 January 3, 2017 Coast Guard assists disabled vessel in Morris Cove, Conn. January 3, 2017 MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 World Patent Ratings Issues First Round of 2017 Intangible Asset Valuation Reports For Internet Software and Service Providers January 3, 2017 Satellites can improve regional air quality forecasting January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point Artificial intelligence progress expected to continue to accelerate in coming year Sharon Gaudin (Computerworld (US)) 27 December, 2016 22:00 - - - - print email Comments For artificial intelligence, 2016 has been a big year. After years of researchers saying artificial intelligence (A.I.) was on the cusp of a revolution, the technology has made major advances this past year. And now, finally, the beginnings of that major A.I. revolution seem to be here. "It's been a huge year in A.I.," said Patrick Moorhead, an analyst with Moor Insights & Strategy. "We've seen industry giants -- like Microsoft, Google, Amazon, IBM, Intel, and Nvidia -- either make A.I. their company 'north star' or add and advance the craft with new offerings to democratize A.I." In this past year, the land grab for anything A.I. was one of the most noticeable aspects of this industry. For instance, in this past year alone, at least 20 artificial intelligence companies have been acquired, according to CB Insights, a tech market analysis company. In 2016, Apple acquired Emotient, Tuplejump, and Turi, while Salesforce bought PredictionIQ and MetaMind; Google picked up Api.ai and Moodstocks; and Intel acquired Itseez, Nervana Systems and Movidius. Twitter, eBay, Oracle, Amazon, Microsoft, and GE also acquired A.I. companies. Some of the companies getting scooped up were startups, meaning the big companies were often as interested in the A.I. researchers as much as the technology they were working on. That's because big players in, and out, of the tech industry see the writing on the wall. A.I. is going to be a big player, whether it's being used to help customers pick out the perfect jacket online, or give them directions around an accident on their commute home, find fraudulent action on client accounts, or interact with clients and customers using voice commands, text, and chat apps. Executives at online retailer 1-800-Flowers, for instance, say artificial intelligence technology is so important that it will completely change their business. "We are on the cusp of a change as big as when e-commerce hit," said Chris McCann, president and CEO of 1-800-Flowers.com, in an interview this fall. "It's giving us the opportunity to have such deep relationships with our customers that it'll be like the company hasn't existed before." This past May, Google showed how focused it is on A.I. during its annual Google I/O developers conference, unveiling A.I.-powered products like Google Assistant, its Google Home device, the Allo chat app and the Duo video chat app. And this past October, IBM president and CEO Ginni Rometty said during a keynote at the company's World of Watson conference that in the next five years, every major decision -- personal or business -- will be made with the help of IBM's Watson A.I. system. A statement like that takes a lot of confidence in advances coming in the technology. "We are about where I expected we'd be in the industry but, be aware, this is a moving bar and one big breakthrough could change this dynamic dramatically. And there are a lot of people in the hunt for that breakthrough," said Rob Enderle, an analyst with the Enderle Group. "Next year, we'll see a lot more smart systems, an increasingly capable group of smart assistants and far more self-driving, and even self-flying, vehicles being tested." In other words, in the coming year artificial intelligence advances may begin to cascade, instead of simply inch forward. And A.I. itself could begin to fuel that progress. "Right now, A.I. is largely being created by humans," said Enderle. "The big wave will likely come when A.I. systems are more aggressively used to create future A.I. systems. When that happens, the speed of advancement will likely follow less of a linear scale and more of an algorithmic one." For Moorhead, he thinks 2017 will see an increasing number of companies using artificial intelligence-based platforms in their apps and services. "I also think we will start to see enterprises jumping onto the A.I. bandwagon," he added. "I expect the Tesla full autonomous car capabilities will be close to be turned on... I don't believe we're yet at the tipping point [with A.I.] but we are close. The tipping point will likely happen next year as A.I. makes its way into more apps." Dave Schubmehl, an analyst with IDC, said he too expects to see more enterprises adopting A.I. technologies in the coming year. "I think we'll see a significant increase in the distribution and use of A.I. that is embedded within enterprise applications, providing guidance, recommendations, and predictions," he said. "I think we're on track as far as what we're seeing in the marketplace." Schubmehl, however, said while there have been strong advances in conversational A.I. systems, he's disappointed there haven't been more advances in consumer-focused digital assistants. Moorhead, agreed, adding, "Intelligent agents, like Alexa and Siri, are behind where I thought they'd be." They're hoping, though, that 2017 will see that turn around. The Continuum from Building to Buying your infrastructure More from Dell EMC Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AppleeBayGEGoogleHomeIBMIntelMicrosoftNvidiaOracleTeslaTwitter Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Ransomware Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Making IT smarter with advanced event correlation and management Obtaining ROI from HPE Operations Bridge Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Account Delivery Lead NSW IT Field Engineer NSW Senior iOS Developer NSW Senior .Net Developer VIC Project Manager-Workforce Management NSW Program Support Officer NSW Project Manager NSW WebMethod Developer QLD Benefits Manager NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Should Google buy Slack to bridge messaging gap? 4 information security threats that will dominate 2017 Will site blocking stop internet pirates in Australia? In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). CSO Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile It's 2017 and changing other people's flight bookings is incredibly easy What to do if your data is taken hostage Critical flaw in PHPMailer library puts millions of websites at risk Computerworld After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Corporate boards aren't prepared for cyberattacks Tips for new tech devices Software is eating the food world ARN ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? ​Big business supports Aussie tech but fails to give start-ups a fair go IT services chief faces court over union fraud allegations ​Overseas investor acquires Hemisphere Technologies What the govt’s IT outsourcing trend means for Aussie partners Techworld Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 How to hang on to Windows 7 for the long run The US has sanctioned Russia over election hacking New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile CMO Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 CMO’s top 16 marketing stories of 2016 How an Australian tech company won licensing rights around Star Wars CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 21 December CMO interview: Taking test and learn marketing to the extreme at Expedia Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Newegg Mobile Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event The Best of 2016 What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 41 1962 127 728 990 27 180 318 107 74 739 425 Editor Tested Avegant Glyph, A Personal Theater CarVi, A Smarter Driving Assistant Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Trending Events Ushering in a New You Radio Controlled Tech Deals For Sellers Sell on Marketplace iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Gaming >  Gaming Laptops >  Gaming Laptops >  MSI >  Item#: N82E16834154446 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … MSI 15.6" FHD GP62MVR Leopard Pro-248 Intel Core i7 -6700HQ NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 8 GB Memory 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop (VR Ready) Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Discrete GeForce GTX 1060 3 GB GDDR5 VR Ready Quad Core Intel Core i7-6700HQ (2.60 GHz) 8 GB Memory 1 TB HDD 15.6" Full HD 1920 x 1080 15.07" x 10.23" x 0.86"-1.14" 4.80 lbs. LOADING... MSI 15.6" FHD GP62MVR Leopard Pro-248 Intel Core i7 -6700HQ NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 8 GB Memory 1 TB HDD Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Gaming Laptop (VR Ready) Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A LATEST 6TH GENERATION INTEL CORE i7 PROCESSOR The new 6th generation Intel processors require lower power consumption but deliver better performance than before. CPU performance of Core i7-6700HQ is 20% faster than i7-4720HQ under average usage. 10: GAMING PERFECTED GeForce GTX 1060 The GeForce GTX 1060 GPU has now come to laptops, powered by the ultra-fast, power-efficient NVIDIA® Pascal GPU architecture. These notebooks come loaded with innovative new gaming technologies that make them ideal for the latest high-definition games and open the door to virtual reality and beyond. PERFORMANCE The advanced GeForce GTX 1060 GPU is created with high-speed FinFET technology and supports DirectX 12 features. This means you can count on an amazing experience in every application* including performance in high-definition and immersive VR Ready games that's up to 3X faster than with previous-generation GPUs. THE LATEST GAMING TECHNOLOGIES Get the power to drive next-generation displays, including VR, ultra-high-resolution, and multiple monitors. And bring more realism to every game with NVIDIA® GameWorks technologies that deliver a true cinematic experience and amazing new NVIDIA® Ansel that enables 360-degree in-game captures you can view in VR. VR READY Discover next-generation VR performance, the lowest latency, and plug-and-play compatibility with leading headsets-driven by NVIDIA® VRWorks technologies. VR audio, physics, and haptics let you hear and feel every moment. THE POWER OF GEFORCE GTX 10-SERIES GRAPHICS MSI is the world's 1st gaming laptop powered by GeForce GTX 1060 GPU delivering 40-50%+ performance over the previous 900M series. With new technologies in Cooler Boost, you can game harder and never worry about being throttled. Additionally, the all new Dragon Center offers a 1-Click VR solution to optimize your laptop for VR. EMBRACE THE ENTHUSIAST LEVEL VIRTUAL REALITY EXPERIENCE The perfect combination of MSI gaming laptops and NVIDIA® next gen. GeForce GTX 1080 / 1070 / 1060 graphics cards shall bring you the enthusiast level of VR experience. As the only brand certified by NVIDIA®, Intel and VIVE, MSI is the 1st VR ready gaming laptop brand and provides an exceptionally smooth and powerful mobile platform for the ultimate immersive virtual reality experience. It is highly recommended to enjoy this latest technology and explore the amazing artificial world with MSI extreme gaming notebooks. Get ready before everyone else with World's best VR ready gaming notebooks and to be amazed by the excitement experience from the simulated reality. PCI-E GEN3x 4 SSD - LOAD GAMES IN SECONDS Get in the game before everyone else with the latest PCI-E Gen 3.0x4 bandwidth utilizing NVMe technology on single M.2 SSD. Harness the full performance potential of the Gen 3.0 SSD through the optimization of the hardware and software outputting extreme read speeds up to 2200MB/s, 5x faster than SATA3 SSD's. IPS Level, True-to-Life Viewing Experience IPS level display with higher gamut of 72% NTSC color range takes image clarity to a whole new level with higher pixel resolution. Images are amazingly 40% more sharp and vivid in contrast level and 20% clearer in brightness level compared with those on regular TN panels. Hence, images are more vivid even from left and right side of the viewing angle. When you're playing games, you will have breathtaking and brilliantly true-to-life viewing experience. THE REAL DEAL: A KEYBOARD ALL GAMERS DESIRE FOR Every hardware detail of this keyboard is calculated and especially designed for professional gamers' needs. Better responsive and tactile feedback, optimum WASD zone and support of multi-key inputs are all for gamers to gain full command over gaming missions. NAHIMIC AUDIO ENHANCER 2 Nahimic audio software offers high definition sound technology which boosts the audio and voice performance of your gaming computer. Enjoy an immersive virtual 7.1 sound over your standard stereo equipment! Loud and Clear Quality of communication between teammates is strategic Nahimic guarantees the perfection of your voice transmissions. Your team will hear you loud and clear, giving you a huge advantage in the battlefield. VOICE YOUR BROADCAST "Bang, wham, GG!" enrich your livestream Streaming your gaming sessions live ? Look out! Nahimic's HD Audio Recorder gives your best gaming captions a studio quality sound with a single click. Add even more fun, thrill and epicness to your streams thanks to the Audio Launchpad! A simple and powerful tool Benefit from the full power of Nahimic's audio engine to reach the best audio quality for your in-game recordings. A NEW WAY TO LOCATE YOUR TARGET A companion to explore your playfields The Sound Tracker provides a visual indication that permits batter localization of the loudest sound while in the game. New to a game? The Sound tracker will be your best ally to navigate an unfamiliar environment. AND GAMES COME TRUE Nahimic Immersive Audio becomes your special weapon in-game Sound is a major part of your gaming experience. Live, feel and become invincible, thanks to a unique sound MATRIX DISPLAY Expand the vision for extreme gaming experience. MSI innovative Matrix Display supports up to 2 external displays simultaneously through one HDMI 1.4 and one Mini DisplayPort 1.2. Multi-task is made possible even during competitive gameplays. Connect the laptop to HDTV display, Matrix Display supports 4K output with a resolution up to 3840 x 2160. MSI Matrix Display technology creates an ideal environment for extreme gaming experience and pleasant multimedia entertainment. LATEST ARCHITECTURE DDR4 - 2133 MEMORY SUPPORT Get the best possible performance out of your notebook with support of the advanced DDR4-2133 memory, achieving over 29GB/s in reading speed and 32GB/s in writing. With over 30% faster performance than previous generations DDR3-1600, DDR4-2133 is the new laptop standard to take your extreme gaming experience to the next level. KILLER GAMING LAN - PROTECTING YOUR PING In the gaming battlefield, speed defines the winner. Stop losing games to lag with Killer Gaming Lan. The advanced stream detect 2.0 of the upgraded Killer E2400 chipset protects networking traffic and prevents lag spikes through controlling and managing up to 6 priority levels. You can game without fear and play at your best while tracking your speeds with the easy-to-use Killer Networking Manager. COOLER BOOST 4 ENHANCED COOLING DESIGN FOR HIGHER POWER GAMING Heat is the most original element on earth. It's pure physics that more energy will generate more heat. Cooling is therefore a knotty task to tackle with. MSI exclusive Cooler Boost 4 technology creates dual thermal modules internally by allocating dedicated heat pipes for GPU and CPU. One click on the fan boost button, a total of 6 heat pipes and dual fans actively and effectively push heat out of the system, making the cooling design the highest level of its kind. *The fan boost button is available only on certain models AUDIO BOOST The MSI Audio Boost design enhances the output sound detail and sound stage by 30% more. The gold flash audio jack provides stable sound transmission (reduced obstruction) and works in conjunction with the optimized headsets AMP (Audio Power Amplifier) design, with low noise and low distortion characteristics, to greatly enhance headphone performance and faithfully reproduce each acoustic detail. SILVER LINING PRINT See more and do more in the night with high-grade silver lining printed keys. See the full color spectrum on the Steelseries multicolor keyboard and enjoy longer lasting keys worry free of long-term wear and tear. BOOST YOUR STORAGE PERFORMANCE WITH X BOOST TECHNOLOGY The X Boost function from MSI technology supports faster storage access speed. Most of the external storage and memory cards can also benefit this feature. X Boost is an auto-execution feature pre-installed in all MSI gaming notebooks with Windows 10 system. Learn more about the MSI GP62MVR Leopard Pro-248 Model| Brand MSI Series GP Series Model GP62MVR Leopard Pro-248 Quick Info| Color Black Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit CPU Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6 GHz Screen 15.6" Memory 8 GB DDR4 Storage 1 TB Graphics Card GeForce GTX 1060 Video Memory 3 GB GDDR5 Communication Gigabit LAN and WLAN Dimensions (W x D x H) 15.07" x 10.23" x 0.86"-1.14" Weight 4.80 lbs. CPU| CPU Type Intel Core i7 6th Gen CPU Speed 6700HQ (2.60 GHz) Number of Cores Quad-core Processor Core Name Skylake Turbo Frequency Up to 3.5 GHz CPU L3 Cache 6 MB Chipset| Chipset Intel HM170 Display| Screen Size 15.6" Touchscreen No Wide Screen Support Yes Display Type Full HD Resolution 1920 x 1080 LCD Features In-plane Switching (IPS) Technology Operating Systems| Operating System Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Graphics| GPU/VPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 Video Memory 3 GB Graphic Type Dedicated Card Hard Drives| HDD 1 TB HDD RPM 7200 RPM Memory| Memory 8 GB Memory Speed DDR4 2133 Memory Slot (Total) 2 Max Memory Supported 32 GB Communications| LAN Killer Gaming Network E2400 WLAN Intel 3165 Stone Peak 1 (1x1) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Ports| USB 1 x USB 3.1 Type-C 2 x USB 3.0 1 x USB 2.0 Video Port 1 x Mini DisplayPort HDMI 1 x HDMI Audio Ports Headset AMP + Gold Flash jacks Audio| Speaker 4 x Speakers (2W) Output Device| Virtual Reality Ready Yes Input Device| Touchpad Multi Touch Keyboard Steel Series Single backlight with Anti-Ghost key + silver lining Backlit Keyboard Backlit Webcam 720p HD Webcam Card Reader SD (XC / HC) General| Style Thin and Light Type Gaming & Entertainment Usage Consumer Power| AC Adapter 180-watt AC adapter Battery 6 cell (41 WHr) Dimensions & Weight| Dimensions (W x D x H) 15.07" x 10.23" x 0.86"-1.14" Weight 4.80 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 2 years Limited Warranty period (labor): 2 years Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://us.msi.com/| Support Phone: 1-626-913-0828 Support Website| View other products from MSI Return Policies Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions.Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset compare Receive a USD $100 prepaid card by mail from MSI! Offer expires on 1/31/17. Limit 1 per household Print Rebate Form Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book Wish Lists Email Notifications Subscriptions Orders Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Sell on Newegg Marketplace Shipped by Newegg Become an Affiliate Become a Newegg Vendor Site Map Shop by Brand Product Review Video Center Rebates Trade-In Your Items Mobile Apps Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2017 Newegg Inc.  All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
Reuters BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 UPDATE 2-U.S. accuses Chinese citizens of hacking law firms, insider trading Reuters Dec. 27, 2016, 2:17 PM 1,493 facebook linkedin twitter email print (Adds details on charges) By Nate Raymond NEW YORK, Dec 27 (Reuters) - Three Chinese citizens have been criminally charged in the United States with trading on confidential corporate information obtained by hacking into networks and servers of law firms working on mergers, U.S. prosecutors said on Tuesday. Iat Hong of Macau, Bo Zheng of Changsha, China, and Chin Hung of Macau were charged in an indictment filed in Manhattan federal court with conspiracy, insider trading, wire fraud and computer intrusion. Prosecutors said the men made over $4 million by placing trades in at least five company stocks based on inside information from unnamed law firms, including about deals involving Intel Corp and Pitney Bowes Inc. The men listed themselves in brokerage records as working at information technology companies, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission said in a related civil lawsuit. Hong, 26, was arrested on Sunday in Hong Kong, while Hung, 50, and Zheng, 30, are not in custody, prosecutors said. Defense lawyers could not be immediately identified. The case is the latest U.S. insider trading prosecution to involve hacking, and follows warnings by U.S. officials that law firms could become a prime target for hackers. "This case of cyber meets securities fraud should serve as a wake-up call for law firms around the world: you are and will be targets of cyber hacking, because you have information valuable to would-be criminals," U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara in Manhattan said. Prosecutors said that beginning in April 2014, the trio obtained inside information by hacking two U.S. law firms and targeting the email accounts of law firm partners working on mergers and acquisitions. Prosecutors did not identify the two law firms, or five others they said the defendants targeted. But one matched the description of New York-based Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, which represented Pitney Bowes in its 2015 acquisition of Borderfree Inc, one of the mergers in question. The indictment said that by using a law firm employee's credentials, the defendants installed malware on the firm's servers to access emails from lawyers, including a partner responsible for the Pitney deal. Cravath declined to comment. In March, Cravath confirmed discovering a "limited breach" of its systems in 2015. Prosecutors also accused the defendants of trading on information stolen from a law firm representing Intel on the chipmaker's acquisition of Altera Inc in 2015. Intel was represented by Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP and Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP. Weil Gotshal did not respond to requests for comment. Gibson Dunn, which advised Intel on antitrust matters, had no immediate comment. The case is U.S. v. Hong et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 16-cr-360. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Richard Chang) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2016. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival More: Reuters Company News CYBER-INSIDERTRADING/ (UPDATE 2) facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru UPDATE 2-U.S. accuses Chinese citizens of hacking law firms, insider trading UPDATE 2-U.S. accuses Chinese citizens of hacking law firms, insider trading (Adds details on charges)By Nate RaymondNEW... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Reuters Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Neowin Login Sign up News Features Forums Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Lenovo announces nine new Signature Windows 10 laptops ahead of CES By Rich Woods Neowin LLC @@TheRichWoods · Dec 28, 2016 · Hot! with 17 comments Lenovo is announcing nine new ThinkPad laptops today, including a refreshed T-series, L-series, X270, and Yoga 370. All of the new devices will include Intel's seventh-generation Kaby Lake Core i-series processors. Also, they're all Signature PCs, which means that you can expect a bloatware-free experience. This will be a big deal for anyone that may have lost faith in the brand due to some issues with third-party malware. ThinkPad Yoga 370 Lenovo's ThinkPad Yoga 370 will include a new 13.3-inch 1080p display, along with up to 16GB of DDR4 RAM, up to 1TB SSD, and 10 hours of battery life. It also includes Thunderbolt 3, which means that it will be USB Type-C. The GPU Intel HD Graphics 620, but a Thunderbolt 3 port can handle up to two 4K monitors. The ThinkPad Yoga 370 will be available beginning in March, starting at $1,264. ThinkPad T470 Lenovo says that the ThinkPad T470 is meant to be the "standard 14" workhorse" for business deployments, "complete with the long standing security and management features, along with the de facto MilSpec certification." It sports a 14-inch 1080p display, 32GB DDR4 RAM, GeForce 940MX GPU with 2GB GDDR5, Thunderbolt 3, an Ethernet port, Windows 10 Pro, and the company is promising 18 hours of battery life. The T470 will be available in February, starting at $914. ThinkPad T570 Also aimed at the business market, the ThinkPad T570 is similar to the T470, but with a 15.6-inch 1080p touchscreen; however, it also offers a model with a 4K non-touch display. Unfortunately, there's no option for 4K and touch. Lenovo says that this iteration of the T570 is 8% lighter than its predecessor at 4.4-pounds, and 10% thinner. It will be available in March, starting at $909. ThinkPad T470s The ThinkPad T470s, unlike the T470, uses integrated graphics, but this is an ultrabook that weighs under 3-pounds and is under 19mm thick. The 14-inch display is offered in 1080p and 1440p, but only the FHD model comes with a touchscreen. It also promises up to 10.5 hours of battery life, up to 24GB of DDR4 RAM, supports Thunderbolt 3, and comes with either Windows 10 Home or Pro. It will be available in February, starting at $1,099. ThinkPad T470p The 470p is a bit heavier - at four pounds - than the 's' model, but it's also more powerful. Aimed at businesses, it includes a discrete Nvidia GeForce 940MX 2GB GPU, and up to 32GB of RAM. Like the 's' model, it offers the same 14-inch display options (FHD, FHD touch, and WQHD) and an Ethernet port. You'll find three USB 3.0 ports on the T470p, but no Thunderbolt 3, or any USB Type-C, for that matter. It will be available in March, starting at $1,049. ThinkPad 13 The ThinkPad 13 is meant to appeal to those on a budget, such as individuals, students, and "business shops". Starting at $674, it's certainly one of the less expensive options for a device with a Windows 10 Pro license and USB Type-C (no Thunderbolt). The display is 13.3-inch 1080p touch, and it's available in configurations with up to 32GB DDR4 RAM and 512GB of storage. It will be available in January. ThinkPad L470 If you've been shopping around for a laptop with a VGA-out port, then look no further. Of course, this device is positioned as a "mainstream business" PC. The 14-inch display is available in 720p and 1080p, neither of which offers touch. There are a number of options on the device, with integrated or discrete GPUs, up to 32GB of DDR4 RAM, and up to 1TB HDD or up to 256GB SSD. Aside from VGA-out, you'll also find an Ethernet port, three USB 3.0, and a 4-in-1 card reader. The ThinkPad L470 will be available in March, starting at $779. ThinkPad L570 The L570 offers similar display options as the L470, except at 15.6-inches. There are also even more ports, such as a fourth USB 3.0, and mini DisplayPort. Unfortunately, the L570 isn't offered with a discrete GPU, but offers up to 1TB HDD or 512GB SSD. The ThinkPad L570 will be available in March starting at $909. ThinkPad X270 Lenovo says that the X270 is a 12-inch "business road warrior" system that is "optimized around battery life with the potential of over 20 hours of run time thanks to the dual configurable battery architecture." It's offered with 4, 8, or 16GB of DDR4 RAM, and up to 2TB HDD or 512GB SSD. The 12.5-inch display is offered in HD or FHD touch, and the device comes in at only 2.9-pounds. It will be available in March starting at $909. Of course, in today's day and age of USB Type-C, there's a need for docks and dongles. Lenovo will be offering two new docks, one of which is for standard USB Type-C, and the other is for Thunderbolt 3. Both docks add a variety of ports to whatever device they're attached to. The USB-C dock will be available in January for $199.99, and the Thunderbolt 3 dock will show up in February for $279.99. And finally, Lenovo is announcing a pair of 1440p monitors, both of which will be available in April. The ThinkVision P27h and P24h have 27-inch and 23.8-inch displays, respectively, both with a 99% sRGB color gamut. The 27-inch model will cost $329, and the smaller display will be $259. Tags Microsoft Windows 10 Lenovo Thinkpad Thinkpad t470p Thinkpad yoga 370 Thinkpad 13 Thinkpad t470 Thinkpad t570 Thinkpad l470 Thinkpad l570 Thinkpad x270 Thinkpad t470s Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Telegram blocks around 2,000 ISIS-related channels per month Next Story Michelin-starred restaurant conjures culinary adventure that is plated on an iPad Community Activity Refresh Thecus W2810PRO review, a NAS device running Windows Storage Server 2012 R2 Essentials in Front Page News Trump will to recognize Crimea to Russia in Real World Issues Internet Explorer suffers 55% YoY decline in market share, Google Chrome increases slightly in Front Page News Xbox One S available from $279 today, and two new 'Games with Gold' titles in Front Page News Details of Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 leaked ahead of CES launch in Front Page News Dog mauls husband and wife after they tried to dress 'Scarface' in a sweater in Real World News Looking ahead: For Microsoft, 2017 will be a year of work, play, and creativity unleashed in Front Page News Telegram quietly ends Android 2.2, 2.3 and 3.0 support in Front Page News Related Stories Lenovo Yoga Book (Windows) review: Windows Ink shines, but it won't be your next laptop Dec 10, 2016 · Hot! Lenovo Ideapad Windows 10 laptop drops to $199 in Microsoft's 12 Days of Deals Dec 6, 2016 Microsoft reveals 12 Days of Deals on Surface, Lumia, Xbox, VR, Windows 10 PCs and more Dec 2, 2016 · Hot! 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 delights, Android updates, and unconventional porn Nov 26, 2016 · Hot! deals PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $69.00 88% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Wireless Charging Pad for Qi-Enabled Devices $68.00 $18.99 72% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Show Comments 17 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us YEAR IN REVIEW 2016 National World Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos U.S. accuses Chinese citizens of hacking law firms, insider trading By Nate Raymond27 December 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share By Nate Raymond NEW YORK (Reuters) - Three Chinese citizens have been criminally charged in the United States with trading on confidential corporate information obtained by hacking into networks and servers of law firms working on mergers, U.S. prosecutors said on Tuesday. Iat Hong of Macau, Bo Zheng of Changsha, China, and Chin Hung of Macau were charged in an indictment filed in Manhattan federal court with conspiracy, insider trading, wire fraud and computer intrusion. Prosecutors said the men made over $4 million by placing trades in at least five company stocks based on inside information from unnamed law firms, including about deals involving Intel Corp and Pitney Bowes Inc . The men listed themselves in brokerage records as working at information technology companies, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission said in a related civil lawsuit. Hong, 26, was arrested on Sunday in Hong Kong, while Hung, 50, and Zheng, 30, are not in custody, prosecutors said. Defence lawyers could not be immediately identified. The case is the latest U.S. insider trading prosecution to involve hacking, and follows warnings by U.S. officials that law firms could become a prime target for hackers. "This case of cyber meets securities fraud should serve as a wake-up call for law firms around the world: you are and will be targets of cyber hacking, because you have information valuable to would-be criminals," U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara in Manhattan said. Prosecutors said that beginning in April 2014, the trio obtained inside information by hacking two U.S. law firms and targeting the email accounts of law firm partners working on mergers and acquisitions. Prosecutors did not identify the two law firms, or five others they said the defendants targeted. But one matched the description of New York-based Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, which represented Pitney Bowes in its 2015 acquisition of Borderfree Inc, one of the mergers in question. The indictment said that by using a law firm employee's credentials, the defendants installed malware on the firm's servers to access emails from lawyers, including a partner responsible for the Pitney deal. Cravath declined to comment. In March, Cravath confirmed discovering a "limited breach" of its systems in 2015. Prosecutors also accused the defendants of trading on information stolen from a law firm representing Intel on the chipmaker's acquisition of Altera Inc in 2015. Intel's merger counsel on the deal was New York-based Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP. The law firm declined to comment. The case is U.S. v. Hong et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 16-cr-360. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Richard Chang) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Bengaluru nightmare: On New Year's Eve, women molested as cops watched; no cases filed yet India Today BCCI President Anurag Thakur and Secretary Ajay Shirke sacked by Supreme Court Sportskeeda 2016 | Colourful on-field, chaotic off-field year for Indian cricket IANS India Private Limited Kylie Jenner flaunts her curves with a half-naked bathroom selfie International Business Times SC bans politicians from seeking votes in name of religion, caste Yahoo India News Rio Olympics: Legends bloom, India's gloom and dope doom IANS India Private Limited Exclusive: Here Is The First Picture Of Shahid And Mira's Daughter Misha Kapoor Bollywoodshaadis.com Indian Idol Contestant Dolly's Mother-In-Law Pushed Her Into Burning Stove! Spotboye Eating out? You need not pay service charge, says Central government International Business Times 2016: Top smartphones launched IANS India Private Limited Here’s what your New Year’s resolution should be, according to your zodiac sign Hello Giggles Woman bitten by crocodile while posing for selfie with it in Thailand national park International Business Times Nandita Das First Suggested That We Separate, We Had Grown Apart: Subodh Maskara Spotboye UP has to change for India to progress: Modi IANS India Private Limited Single mother moves court against boss over abuse at workplace India Today Kerala priest booked under Section 377 for unnatural sex with 10-year-old boy International Business Times SHOCKING! This Video Of Raees Actress Mahira Khan Talking Against India And Bollywood Goes Viral! Business of Cinema Modi takes potshots at Congress, BSP & Samajwadi Party IANS India Private Limited Zakir Naik owns properties worth Rs 100 crore across India, 25 flats in Mumbai alone International Business Times Next BCCI president: List of personalities who can replace Anurag Thakur International Business Times Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Apple’s made-in-India iPhone: This is what makes Bengaluru so special By Anirudh Regidi 27   Comments BHIM app review: App for cashless payments launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi By Aditya Madanapalle 24   Comments BSNL offers unlimited local and STD calls for Rs 144 in new plan By tech2 News Staff 4   Comments BHIM app faces high server loads on launch day By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Apple sued by a family in US, claims FaceTime caused fatal car accident 2   Comments more from #Hacking US releases 13-page long analysis report detailing Russia's role in presidential election hacking NSG website defaced with insulting messages against Prime Minister Narendra Modi Personal data to be primary target for hacking in 2017: Report Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Chinese citizens accused to hacking law firms and indulging in insider trading in USA #Hacking Image Credit: RT.com 0   28 Dec 2016 , 08:51 Three Chinese citizens have been criminally charged in the United States with trading on confidential corporate information obtained by hacking into networks and servers of law firms working on mergers, U.S. prosecutors said on Tuesday. Iat Hong of Macau, Bo Zheng of Changsha, China, and Chin Hung of Macau were charged in an indictment filed in Manhattan federal court with conspiracy, insider trading, wire fraud and computer intrusion. Prosecutors said the men made over $4 million by placing trades in at least five company stocks based on inside information from unnamed law firms, including about deals involving Intel Corp and Pitney Bowes Inc. The men listed themselves in brokerage records as working at information technology companies, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission said in a related civil lawsuit. Hong, 26, was arrested on Sunday in Hong Kong, while Hung, 50, and Zheng, 30, are not in custody, prosecutors said. Defence lawyers could not be immediately identified. The case is the latest U.S. insider trading prosecution to involve hacking, and follows warnings by U.S. officials that law firms could become a prime target for hackers. “This case of cyber meets securities fraud should serve as a wake-up call for law firms around the world: you are and will be targets of cyber hacking, because you have information valuable to would-be criminals,” U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara in Manhattan said. Prosecutors said that beginning in April 2014, the trio obtained inside information by hacking two U.S. law firms and targeting the email accounts of law firm partners working on mergers and acquisitions. Prosecutors did not identify the two law firms, or five others they said the defendants targeted. But one matched the description of New York-based Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, which represented Pitney Bowes in its 2015 acquisition of Borderfree Inc, one of the mergers in question. The indictment said that by using a law firm employee’s credentials, the defendants installed malware on the firm’s servers to access emails from lawyers, including a partner responsible for the Pitney deal. Cravath declined to comment. In March, Cravath confirmed discovering a “limited breach” of its systems in 2015. Prosecutors also accused the defendants of trading on information stolen from a law firm representing Intel on the chipmaker’s acquisition of Altera Inc in 2015. Intel’s merger counsel on the deal was New York-based Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP. The law firm declined to comment. The case is U.S. v. Hong et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 16-cr-360. Reuters Tags: Accused, China, Chinese Citizens, Criminally charged, Hacking, Insider Trading, law firms, Prosecutor, USA Also read US election hacking attacks can ‘destroy democracy’, says Senator John McCain TAC Security receives 50 cases of hacking in one month after demonetisation X Recommended For You US releases 13-page long analysis report detailing Russia’s role in presidential election hacking Personal data to be primary target for hacking in 2017: Report United States set to announce its retaliatory measures against Russia for hacking New RFID protocols with enhanced security features under testing, to prevent snooping Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #BHIM Jan 2, 2017 BHIM App is the leader in the ‘Top Free Apps’ category on the Google Play Store #Nasa Jan 2, 2017 Nasa’s Neowise mission discovers a comet that may be visible from the first week of 2017 #Partnered Dec 29, 2016 Your guide to be a Selfie Expert #Samsung Jan 2, 2017 Samsung launches Galaxy A7, A5, A3 (2017) series smartphones with USB Type-C #Apple Jan 2, 2017 Apple’s parts supplier Wistron looking for permission to expand in Bengaluru #Hyundai Jan 2, 2017 Hyundai Tucson update to get new fuel-cell to improve range SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Diplomacy & Defence Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Chinese ‘corporate hackers’ accused of attacking US law firms  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Chief executive election 2017 Donald Trump China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case South China Sea Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Sino-US relations #SoHongKong Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign US election: Trump v Clinton China Briefing Hongcouver Occupy Central Hong Kong bookseller disappearances G20: Hangzhou Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter News›China›Diplomacy & Defence Cybersecurity Cybersecurity Chinese ‘corporate hackers’ accused of attacking US law firms The three, including two suspects from Macau, charged with stealing information on corporate deals, allowing them to profit from share trading PUBLISHED : Wednesday, 28 December, 2016, 11:20am UPDATED : Wednesday, 28 December, 2016, 11:40pm Comments:   Violet Law Share PrintEmail Related topics Cybersecurity Related Articles E-Commerce Greater China hit by wave of cyber attacks 11 Dec 2016 United States & Canada CIA confirms Russia interfered in US election to help Trump win 10 Dec 2016 United States & Canada Barack Obama orders probe into hacking of US elections 10 Dec 2016 The US Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday charged three Chinese citizens with fraudulently trading on information they had obtained from hacking into the email networks of two New York City law firms, hauling in almost US$3 million in illicit profits. In a complaint unsealed on Tuesday, the commission said that between April 2014 and late 2015 Iat Hong and Chin Hung from Macau, and Bo Zheng from Changsha, Hunan province, installed malware on the law firms’ networks, thereby gaining access to the email accounts of attorneys advising corporate clients on mergers and acquisitions. Armed with proprietary information on these clients, the trio traded big. The commission said the three spent roughly US$7.5 million on shares of semiconductor company Altera before news of it being in talks to be acquired by Intel Corporation became public. In addition, hours after extracting emails about a deal involving an e-commerce company, Hong and Hung purchased shares that amounted to 25 per cent of the company’s trading volume on certain days in advance of the 2015 deal’s announcement. Hong and Zheng are also accused of trading in 2014 ahead of a merger announcement of a pharmaceutical company. They also stole schematic designs of a robot vacuum cleaner made by an American company, the commission’s complaint said. Hong, 26, and Hung, 50, were employed at a robotics company founded by Zheng, 30, to develop robot controller chips and provide control system solutions, according to authorities. Hackers in Greater China target online transactions, building ‘dossiers’ of information on individuals, expert says The trio was accused of copying and transmitting dozens of gigabytes of emails to remote internet locations. Hong was arrested in Hong Kong on Christmas Day with extradition proceedings scheduled to begin in mid-January. Hong’s mother was also named as a relief defendant for the purpose of recovering money in her accounts from her son’s illicit trading, the commission said. It is the first time the commission has charged anyone with hacking into a law firm’s computer network. The Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong has assisted with the ongoing investigation. In Beijing, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said in a daily press briefing that she was aware of the reports, but did not know the details. The commission has asked for a judgement ordering the three to pay penalties and relinquish their illegal gains, plus interest. Two government agencies in Hong Kong attacked by hackers, US firm says The commission is also seeking to freeze an account opened in Hong’s mother’s name. The US Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York also announced a 13-count indictment against the three stemming from the hacking. Each count carries a maximum sentence of five to 20 years. “This case of cyber meets securities fraud should serve as a wake-up call for law firms around the world,” said Manhattan US Attorney Preet Bharara in a statement. “You are and will be targets of cyber hacking, because you have information valuable to would-be criminals.” Additional reporting by Bloomberg and Reuters This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: US alleges Chinese hacked law firms   Most Popular Viewed 1 Five killed in ‘terror attack’ in China’s Xinjiang region: official media 2 British army returns to Hong Kong for ceremonial training 3 Time to accept reality – we’re a city in decline and it’s our fault 4 Chief executive’s troubled daughter flies to London 5 Photos in Japanese media of China’s new aircraft carrier prompt hand-wringing over ‘spying’ Shared 1 Time to accept reality – we’re a city in decline and it’s our fault 2 Chief executive’s troubled daughter flies to London 3 British army returns to Hong Kong for ceremonial training 4 Five killed in ‘terror attack’ in China’s Xinjiang region: official media 5 It’s an early start as South Island Line opens smoothly Commented 1 Localists launch final appeal against Legco disqualification 2 Reunification is inevitable, Beijing warns Taiwan 3 Chief executive’s troubled daughter flies to London 4 Regina Ip: Beijing wanted me to run for Legco presidency 5 British army returns to Hong Kong for ceremonial training Promotions Register for a free copy of LuxeHomes Annual Edition 2016 now! Register for a free copy of XXIV 2017 now       You may also like Music Our top 10 albums of 2016, from Bowie and Cohen to Radiohead 24 Dec 2016 - 12:03pm Streaming devices that bring your TV back to life In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Post Magazine 2016, the unlikely year of humanism 24 Dec 2016 - 8:01am Emerging digital solutions to an ‘age-old’ challenge Brought to you by: InvestHK Asia Abe offers 'everlasting condolences' to Pearl Harbor victims Dec 28th 2016, 1:10pm China China tests prototype of J-31 stealth fighter Dec 27th 2016, 11:36am World Pop singer George Michael dies at 53 Dec 26th 2016, 11:54am World Trump's nuclear tweet sparks questions and fear Dec 23rd 2016, 4:47pm 1 China Scientists crack Beijing smog puzzle 22 Dec 2016 - 10:25pm 12 Hong Kong Dream home in just 150 sq ft? Architects have a winning plan 22 Dec 2016 - 10:40pm 17 China ‘Airpocalypse’ dirties credibility of Chinese government 22 Dec 2016 - 9:02am 28 World Japan's Abe prepares for year end visit to Pearl Harbor Dec 23rd 2016, 3:23pm South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2016 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 28 December 2016 | MYT 10:12 AM US accuses Chinese citizens of hacking law firms, insider trading Illegal trades?: Prosecutors said the men made over US$4mil (RM17.9mil) by placing trades in at least five company stocks based on inside information, including about deals involving Intel. — Reuters NEW YORK: Three Chinese citizens have been criminally charged in the United States with trading on confidential corporate information obtained by hacking into networks and servers of law firms working on mergers, US prosecutors said on Tuesday. Iat Hong of Macau, Bo Zheng of Changsha, China, and Chin Hung of Macau were charged in an indictment filed in Manhattan federal court with conspiracy, insider trading, wire fraud and computer intrusion. Prosecutors said the men made over US$4mil (RM17.9mil) by placing trades in at least five company stocks based on inside information from unnamed law firms, including about deals involving Intel Corp and Pitney Bowes Inc. The men listed themselves in brokerage records as working at information technology companies, the US Securities and Exchange Commission said in a related civil lawsuit. Hong, 26, was arrested on Sunday in Hong Kong, while Hung, 50, and Zheng, 30, are not in custody, prosecutors said. Defence lawyers could not be immediately identified. The case is the latest US insider trading prosecution to involve hacking, and follows warnings by US officials that law firms could become a prime target for hackers. "This case of cyber meets securities fraud should serve as a wake-up call for law firms around the world: you are and will be targets of cyber hacking, because you have information valuable to would-be criminals," US Attorney Preet Bharara in Manhattan said. Prosecutors said that beginning in April 2014, the trio obtained inside information by hacking two US law firms and targeting the e-mail accounts of law firm partners working on mergers and acquisitions. Prosecutors did not identify the two law firms, or five others they said the defendants targeted. But one matched the description of New York-based Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, which represented Pitney Bowes in its 2015 acquisition of Borderfree Inc, one of the mergers in question. The indictment said that by using a law firm employee's credentials, the defendants installed malware on the firm's servers to access e-mails from lawyers, including a partner responsible for the Pitney deal. Cravath declined to comment. In March, Cravath confirmed discovering a "limited breach" of its systems in 2015. Prosecutors also accused the defendants of trading on information stolen from a law firm representing Intel on the chipmaker's acquisition of Altera Inc in 2015. Intel's merger counsel on the deal was New York-based Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP. The law firm declined to comment. —  Reuters You May Be Interested Super Mario Run: Give the plumber a hand What is cloud computing? Its tech tentacles reach everywhere Doubles 'goddess' Goh is now single Another viral video of another Ipoh 'daredevil' Traffic crawl along major highways Quality homes below RM400k Others Also Read Bubu waiting to greet travellers during Visit Sibu Year Analysts negative on Felda deal Fund Managers' pick advertisement Latest News Seattle’s cloud-computing boom is new force driving regional economy What is cloud computing? Its tech tentacles reach everywhere How Microsoft emerged from the darkness to embrace the Cloud How Seattle became ‘Cloud City’: Amazon and Microsoft are leading a tech revolution Software companies preparing for 2017 IPOs Most Viewed in Tech Software companies preparing for 2017 IPOs How Microsoft emerged from the darkness to embrace the Cloud Tech-addicted parents to kids: Don’t do as I do How Seattle became ‘Cloud City’: Amazon and Microsoft are leading a tech revolution Next Academy offers RM1mil programming scholarship fund What is cloud computing? Its tech tentacles reach everywhere Silicon Valley's obscure unicorns could boost 2017 IPO market Mavic Pro: Fantastic foldable drone Bitcoin jumps above US$1,000 for first time in three years Watch YouTube videos in HDR Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 28, 2016December 28, 2016 by Monika Donimirska U.S. Charges Three Chinese Traders With Hacking Law Firms ENLARGE In one instance of the alleged deception, traders in 2015 bought stock in circuit manufacturer Altera after learning through emails from a law-firm partner that Intel was weighing an acquisition of the company. Photo: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images By Sara Randazzo and Sara Read more => U.S. Charges Three Chinese Traders With Hacking Law Firms CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Trump ally says Obama insults were a 'mistake' and refuses to step down from school board Next PostNext Kerry to lay out vision for Palestine-Israel peace Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Samsung Electronics Unveils Family Hub 2.0 and Smart Built-in Appliances at CES 2017 January 3, 2017 Coast Guard assists disabled vessel in Morris Cove, Conn. January 3, 2017 MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 World Patent Ratings Issues First Round of 2017 Intangible Asset Valuation Reports For Internet Software and Service Providers January 3, 2017 Satellites can improve regional air quality forecasting January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 5 CLEAR TOKYO (11 a.m.) Markets 117.42 ¥/$ (11:30 a.m.) News Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Home Delivery Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ Business U.S. charges Chinese trio of hacking law firms, gaining M&A info for insider trading Reuters Dec 28, 2016 Article history Online: Dec 28, 2016 Last Modified: Dec 28, 2016 PRINT SHARE NEW YORK – Three Chinese citizens have been criminally charged in the United States with trading on confidential corporate information obtained by hacking into networks and servers of law firms working on mergers, U.S. prosecutors said on Tuesday. Iat Hong of Macau, Bo Zheng of Changsha, China, and Chin Hung of Macau were charged in an indictment filed in Manhattan federal court with conspiracy, insider trading, wire fraud and computer intrusion. Prosecutors said the men made over $4 million by placing trades in at least five company stocks based on inside information from unnamed law firms, including about deals involving Intel Corp. and Pitney Bowes Inc. The men listed themselves in brokerage records as working at information technology companies, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission said in a related civil lawsuit. Hong, 26, was arrested on Sunday in Hong Kong, while Hung, 50, and Zheng, 30, are not in custody, prosecutors said. Defense lawyers could not be immediately identified. The case is the latest U.S. insider trading prosecution to involve hacking, and follows warnings by U.S. officials that law firms could become a prime target for hackers. “This case of cyber meets securities fraud should serve as a wake-up call for law firms around the world: you are and will be targets of cyberhacking, because you have information valuable to would-be criminals,” U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara in Manhattan said. Prosecutors said that beginning in April 2014, the trio obtained inside information by hacking two U.S. law firms and targeting the email accounts of law firm partners working on mergers and acquisitions. Prosecutors did not identify the two law firms, or five others they said the defendants targeted. But one matched the description of New York-based Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, which represented Pitney Bowes in its 2015 acquisition of Borderfree Inc., one of the mergers in question. The indictment said that by using a law firm employee’s credentials, the defendants installed malware on the firm’s servers to access emails from lawyers, including a partner responsible for the Pitney deal. Cravath declined comment. In March, Cravath confirmed discovering a “limited breach” of its systems in 2015. Prosecutors also accused the defendants of trading on information stolen from a law firm representing Intel on the chipmaker’s acquisition of Altera Inc. in 2015. Intel’s merger counsel on the deal was New York-based Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP. The law firm declined comment. The case is U.S. v. Hong et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 16-cr-360. Keywords Chinese, Hacking, insider-trading, SEC, U.S. Business Mexico gas prices soar after decontrols kick in, sparking protester blockades Finland to test paying jobless group basic income of €560 a month 60% of major Japanese companies expect economy to grow this year Bitcoin 2016’s best-performing currency, breaks through $1,000 barrier Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now New year, new you: What to expect personally and professionally in the Year of the Rooster Trump says ‘no computer is safe,’ but still not convinced Russia meddled with election Mankind eyes Mars as next ‘giant leap’ Japan and the world enter a long night of ‘post-truth’ Hot-spring developer to open a facility that caters to all — even visitors with tattoos New Year’s Eve crowds enjoy car-free Shibuya scramble crossing Obama pressed to pardon over 741,000 young immigrant Dreamers facing Trump deportation threat More work lies ahead to fight Zika, other threats: CDC chief Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Fidel Castro, Antonin Scalia, John Gutfreund: The Year in Deaths by Steven Gittelson More stories by Steven Gittelson December 27, 2016, 7:00 PM EST December 28, 2016, 7:06 PM EST Ex-Cuba leader, Supreme Court jurist and ‘King of Wall Street’ Notable deaths in business, finance and government during 2016 Fidel Castro. Photographer: David Hume Kennerly/Getty Images Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro, U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia and ex-Salomon Brothers executive John Gutfreund were among newsmakers in business, finance and public affairs who died in 2016. The business world lost Andy Grove, a refugee from postwar Europe who started Intel Corp.; Forrest Mars Jr., the billionaire co-owner of candy maker Mars Inc.; Dwayne Andreas, who built Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. into the world’s largest processor of agricultural products; and Roger Enrico, who led PepsiCo Inc. in its battle against Coca-Cola Co. Financial leaders who died included Thomas Perkins, the venture capitalist who helped finance Amazon.com and Google Inc.; Robert H.B. Baldwin, who led Morgan Stanley during a period of rapid growth; and E. Lee Hennessee, who started a hedge-fund advisory firm when few women worked in that part of the industry. Deceased government leaders include Shimon Peres, Israel’s former president and prime minister whose political career spanned more than six decades; King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand, who reigned when his nation became an economic power in Southeast Asia; and former U.S. first lady Nancy Reagan, who supported and advised Ronald Reagan during his rise from actor to president. Here are the year’s notable deaths, with each name linked to a previously published obituary. A cause of death is provided when known. January Dale Bumpers, 90. Four-term U.S. senator from Arkansas who capped an almost 30-year political career by delivering the closing statement in President Bill Clinton’s impeachment defense in 1999. Died Jan. 1 at his home in Little Rock, Arkansas. Mike Oxley Photographer: Daniel Acker/Bloomberg Mike Oxley, 71. The Ohio Republican served 12 terms in the U.S. House of Representatives and was best known for co-sponsoring the landmark Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring corporate executives to vouch for company financials after the Enron Corp. and WorldCom Inc. accounting scandals. Died Jan. 1 in McLean, Virginia, of non-small cell lung cancer, which can afflict non-smokers. John Angelo, 74. He co-founded Angelo, Gordon & Co. and presided 27 years over the New York investment firm’s growth to $26 billion in assets under management. Died Jan. 1 of cancer. Robert H.B. Baldwin, 95. As Morgan Stanley’s president and then chairman, he guided the bank from 1973 to 1983, a period of rapid growth and expansion into trading, money management and mergers and acquisitions. Died Jan. 3 of pneumonia at a nursing facility in Skillman, New Jersey. Donald Ross Sr., 90. Former chief executive officer at New York Life Insurance Co. who doubled the company’s total assets by adding mutual funds in the 1980s while shunning junk bonds. Died Jan. 5 at his home in Franklin Lakes, New Jersey. Richard Abramson, 70. Helped build AllianceBernstein Holding LP’s institutional advisory business during his almost four decades at the New York-based investment firm. Died Jan. 17 of multiple myeloma, a form of cancer, at his home in Manhattan. Mustafa Vehbi Koc, 55. Billionaire chairman of Koc Holding AS, Turkey’s biggest group of companies. Died Jan. 21. at a hospital in Istanbul of a heart attack. Anton-Wolfgang von Faber-Castell, 74. He led Faber-Castell AG, the centuries-old German maker of the humble pencil used in classrooms around the world and added a line of jewel-encrusted pens. Died Jan. 21 in Houston. John Stewart Bryan III, 77. The last of an American newspaper-publishing family to serve as head of Media General Inc., he oversaw its move into broadcasting. Died Jan. 23 at Bon Secours St. Mary’s Hospital in Richmond, Virginia, after sustaining injuries in a fall. February Edgar Mitchell, 85. U.S. astronaut who walked on the moon in 1971, a transformative experience that spurred him to explore the meaning of life and consciousness. Died Feb. 4 at a hospice facility in West Palm Beach, Florida. Drew Lewis, 84. A corporate turnaround specialist who was the U.S. transportation secretary when President Ronald Reagan fired striking air traffic controllers. Died Feb. 10 in Prescott, Arizona, of complications from pneumonia. Antonin Scalia Photographer: Alex Wong/Getty Images Antonin Scalia, 79. The sharp-tongued U.S. Supreme Court justice who sought to limit constitutional protections to those envisioned by the nation’s founders. He was found dead Feb. 13 at a resort in West Texas and had a history of heart trouble. John Riccardo, 91. He changed the course of Chrysler Corp. in the late 1970s by hiring Lee Iacocca to succeed him and requesting the government loan guarantees that helped save the automaker. Died Feb. 13 in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Boutros Boutros-Ghali, 93. Egyptian diplomat who served as United Nations secretary-general in the early 1990s, faced genocides in Rwanda and Bosnia and was denied a second term due to friction with President Bill Clinton’s administration. Died Feb. 16 in an Egyptian hospital. Harper Lee Photographer: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Harper Lee, 89. The American author whose book “To Kill a Mockingbird” was voted the best novel of the 20th century and became a classroom standard for the study of racial injustice in the U.S. Died Feb. 19 at an assisted-living facility in Monroeville, Alabama. Peter Mondavi, 101. He ran the family’s Charles Krug Winery in California’s Napa Valley while his brother, Robert, left the company to start his own Robert Mondavi Winery. Died Feb. 20 at his home in St. Helena, California. Alfred Mann, 90. Physicist and inventor who founded more than a dozen companies to sell pioneering biomedical devices such as the first rechargeable pacemaker, an artificial retina and inhalable insulin. Died Feb. 25 in Las Vegas. March Aubrey McClendon, 56. The one-time billionaire wildcatter whose meteoric rise and swift fall at Chesapeake Energy Corp. traced the arc of the shale revolution. Died March 3 in a car crash in Oklahoma City, several hours after he was charged with rigging bids for oil and natural gas leases. Nancy Reagan Source: Hulton Archive via Getty Images Nancy Reagan, 94. Former actress and first lady who nurtured the political career of husband Ronald Reagan, and was remembered for her unstinting devotion to the president as well as efforts to battle drug abuse and Alzheimer’s disease. Died March 6 of congestive heart failure at her home in the Los Angeles neighborhood of Bel Air. John Gutfreund Photographer: Ron Galella/WireImage John Gutfreund, 86. He was proclaimed the “King of Wall Street” in 1985 for harnessing the egos and fiefdoms of Salomon Brothers into one of the most profitable investment-banking firms, only to be deposed as CEO after a 1991 trading scandal. Died March 9 of pneumonia at New York Presbyterian/Weill Cornell Medical Center in New York. Ralph Larsen, 77. Former CEO at Johnson & Johnson whose strategy of growth through acquisitions propelled the company to become the nation’s fourth-largest maker of prescription drugs and the world’s biggest provider of medical supplies and devices by the time he stepped down in 2002. Died March 9 of cardiac arrest at his home in Naples, Florida. Serge Kampf, 81. The founder of Paris-based Cap Gemini SA who turned a network of French programmers into one of the world’s largest providers of information-technology services. Died March 15 in his native French town of Grenoble after a long illness. Andy Grove, 79. He escaped the ruins of postwar Europe to become a founder of Intel Corp. and one of the architects of Silicon Valley’s growth into the world’s center of technology creation. Died March 21. Leon Charney, 77. Billionaire owner of Manhattan real estate whose holdings included three skyscrapers in Times Square and also hosted a New York City public television show focused on the Middle East and Jewish affairs. Died March 21. Rob Ford Photographer: Geoff Robins/AFP via Getty Images Rob Ford, 46. He catapulted into the international spotlight after admitting he smoked crack cocaine while mayor of Toronto. Died March 22 at Mount Sinai Hospital in Toronto after he was diagnosed with liposarcoma, a rare type of cancer. Hans-Dietrich Genscher, 89. Germany’s longest-serving foreign minister, who helped negotiate the reunification of East and West Germany in 1990 at the end of the Cold War. Died March 31 of heart failure at his home near Bonn. April Seth Glickenhaus, 102. A bond trader turned money manager who spent more than eight decades on Wall Street and managed his investments until the day of his death. Died April 16 at home in New Rochelle, New York. Bill Campbell Photographer: Amanda Gordon/Bloomberg Bill Campbell, 75. A marketing executive at Apple Inc. in the 1980s and CEO at financial-software firm Intuit in the 1990s, he became a widely admired Silicon Valley coach and mentor whose homespun advice on leadership and management nurtured a range of Silicon Valley luminaries including Apple co-founder Steve Jobs and Google co-founder Larry Page. Died April 18 of cancer. Patricio Aylwin, 97. Former president of Chile who led the nation’s transition to democracy from dictatorship in 1990, following 17 years of military rule by Augusto Pinochet. Died April 19 at his home in Santiago. May Walter Weiner, 85. The lawyer for international financier Edmond Safra, whose first job as a banker was serving as CEO at Safra’s Republic New York Corp. which he ran for almost two decades. Died May 5 of Parkinson’s disease at his home in New York City. Daniel Tully, 84. Former Merrill Lynch & Co. chairman and CEO who spoke out as both critic and cheerleader as the firm tried to weather the 2008 mortgage crisis. Died May 10 in Darien, Connecticut. Jack Treynor, 86. His insights into risk and return underpin theories for investment pricing and shaped the field of quantitative finance. Died May 11, in Harbor City, California. Martin Senn, 59. Ex-CEO at Zurich Insurance Group AG who stepped down in December 2015 following a corporate reshuffle after five years on the job. Died May 27 from self-inflicted wounds. June Roger Enrico, 71. As CEO at PepsiCo Inc., he used a sponsorship deal with Michael Jackson to almost pull even in the marketplace with Coca-Cola Co. Died June 1, while snorkeling in the Cayman Islands, where he had a home. Muhammad Ali Source: Allsport Hulton Archive/AFP via Getty Images Muhammad Ali, 74. Brash, fleet-footed heavyweight boxing champion whose charisma transcended sports and made him a global symbol of social change. Died June 3 in a Phoenix -area hospital after suffering from Parkinson’s disease, a neurological affliction that some doctors attributed to the numerous blows to the head he took during two decades as a boxer. Theodore Dimon, 85. Veteran Wall Street broker and father of James Dimon, chairman and CEO at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Died June 5 of cancer. Thomas Perkins, 84. Co-founder of venture-capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers who provided early financing to technology giants such as Google Inc., Amazon.com Inc. and Sun Microsystems Inc. Died June 7 at his home in Tiburon, California, following a long illness. Jo Cox Photographer: Yui Mok/Press Association via AP Photo Jo Cox, 41. Elected to parliament in 2015, she was the first British lawmaker to be murdered since Ian Gow was killed by the IRA in 1990. Died June 16 from gunshot wounds sustained while working for her constituents in West Yorkshire. Sanjay Valvani, 44. A partner at Visium Asset Management who was charged with insider trading. Found dead June 20 of self-inflicted wounds at his home in Brooklyn, New York. Simon Ramo, 103. The scientist, engineer and entrepreneur who co-founded two Fortune 500 companies and was chief scientist for the U.S. intercontinental ballistic missile system during the Cold War. Died June 27 at his home in Santa Monica, California. Alvin Toffler, 87. The U.S. author whose visions of accelerating social change guided Chinese leaders, American politicians and business moguls through the best-selling books “Future Shock” and “The Third Wave.” Died June 27 at his home in Los Angeles. July Irving Pollack, 98. He established the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’s enforcement division as its founding director in 1972. Died July 1 at his home in Rockville, Maryland. Michel Rocard, 85. Served as prime minister of France under President Francois Mitterrand and was a leader of the nation’s Socialist Party. Died July 2. Jack Taylor, 94. He became a billionaire by renting cars to Americans where they lived through the company he named Enterprise, after the aircraft carrier from which he flew planes during World War II. Died July 2 in St. Louis after a brief illness. Elie Wiesel Photographer: Vittorio Zunino Celotto/Getty Images Elie Wiesel, 87. Nobel Peace Prize winner whose acclaimed books chronicled his tortured memories of human cruelty in the Nazi concentration camps that killed his parents and younger sister. Died July 2 at his home in New York. Forrest Mars Jr., 84. The heir and billionaire co-owner of Mars Inc. who helped oversee the U.S. candy maker’s global drive into new markets for M&M’s, Milky Way bars and Uncle Ben’s rice. Died July 26 in Seattle of a heart attack. August James Peter Morrow, 68. An American banker and financial consultant who led the restructuring of Mongolia’s Khan Bank before its privatization. Died Aug. 4 at a hospital in the U.S. Richard Holland, 95. The Nebraska advertising executive who helped link up one of the great partnerships in business history, the one between Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Chairman Warren Buffett and his deputy, Charles Munger. Died Aug. 9 at his home in Omaha. Gerald Cavendish Grosvenor, 64. Known as the Duke of Westminster, his central London property holdings made him the U.K.’s wealthiest native-born person. Died Aug. 9 at the Royal Preston Hospital in Lancashire. Joao Havelange, 100. The second-longest serving head of FIFA transformed soccer’s governing body into a global business worth billions and the center of corruption allegations. Died Aug. 16 at Samaritano Hospital in Rio de Janeiro. John McLaughlin Source: NBC/NBCU Photo Bank via Getty Images John McLaughlin, 89. Talk-show host whose rowdy panel discussions on political issues entertained U.S. television viewers for more than 30 years and drew comparisons to professional wrestling. Died Aug. 16 at his home in Washington. Jay Fishman, 63. Chairman and former CEO of Travelers Cos. who steered the insurer through the 2008 financial crisis and into the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Died Aug. 19 at his home in New Jersey, after suffering from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or ALS, and was replaced as CEO in 2015. Bonnie Baha, 56. A U.S. bond portfolio manager who helped Jeffrey Gundlach turn Los Angeles-based DoubleLine Capital into a $100 billion asset management firm. Died Aug. 21 at the University of Virginia Medical Center in Charlottesville, Virginia, after she was struck by a car. Reinhard Selten, 85. German economist and mathematician who won the 1994 Nobel Prize for his work on game theory. Died Aug. 23 in the Polish city of Poznan. Walter Scheel, 97. A former West German president who encouraged the nation to come to terms with its World War II legacy and battled the wave of terror unleashed by the Red Army Faction during the 1970s. Died Aug. 24 in a nursing home in Bad Krozingen, Germany. September Carlos Bulgheroni, 71. He helped lead Argentina’s Bridas Corp. to become a global operator in energy and was known as one of the country’s most politically astute businessmen. Died Sept. 3 in the U.S. following surgery. Phyllis Schlafly, 92. The lawyer, author, mother and bane of the U.S. feminist movement who led the resistance that blocked the Equal Rights Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. Died Sept. 5 of cancer at her home in St. Louis. Michel Bergerac, 84. He led Revlon Inc.’s diversification into health care and lost control of the cosmetics maker in a three-month battle with investor Ronald Perelman. Died Sept. 11 of respiratory failure at New York-Presbyterian Hospital. Edward Albee, 88. He wrote “Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf” and 30 other plays, won three Pulitzer Prizes and became the era’s leading American playwright. Died Sept. 16 at his home on New York’s Long Island. Carlo Azeglio Ciampi, 95. President of Italy from 1999 to 2006 and an ex-central bank governor who helped pave the way for the country’s adoption of the euro. Died Sept. 16 in a Rome hospital. Charles Walgreen III Source: Business Wire Charles Walgreen III, 80. He expanded his grandfather’s drugstore chain into an $18 billion-a-year company by 1999 when he stepped down as chairman. Died Sept. 26 at his home in Lake Forest, Illinois. Shimon Peres Photographer: Pier Marco Tacca/Getty Images Shimon Peres, 93. Architect of Israel’s defense establishment who evolved into a tireless advocate for Middle East peacemaking. Died Sept. 28 at a Tel Aviv-area hospital following a stroke. Ralph Whitworth, 60. Investor who forced leadership changes at International Business Machines Corp., Home Depot Inc. and other U.S. companies with an activist, hands-on approach he honed working with T. Boone Pickens. Died Sept. 29 at UC San Diego Medical Center. Cheng Yu-tung, 91. A gold-shop apprentice who married his boss’s daughter and helped develop the world’s largest jewelry retailer, Chow Tai Fook Jewellery Group Ltd., and was Hong Kong’s third-richest person. Died Sept. 29. Irene Bergman Photographer: Chris Goodney/Bloomberg Irene Bergman, 101. A Stralem & Co. financial adviser and the longest-working woman on Wall Street, who began her career in 1942 after arriving as a refugee from Europe. Died Sept. 29 at her home in Manhattan. Dale Schenk, 59. Co-founder and CEO at Prothena Corp., a Dublin-based biotechnology company, who devoted his scientific career to researching neurological diseases such as Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s. Died Sept. 30 of pancreatic cancer at his home in Hillsborough, California. October Herbert Irving, 98. Last surviving founder of Houston-based Sysco Corp., the world’s largest food-services provider, who donated more than $300 million to Columbia University Medical Center in New York. Died Oct. 3 at his home in Manhattan. Michal Kovac, 86. Slovakia’s first president, who clashed with an authoritarian premier during his rule from 1993 to 1998. Died Oct. 5 of heart failure in a hospital in Bratislava, the Slovak capital. Stephen Bollenbach, 74. Former CEO of Hilton Hotels Corp. who in the early 1990s served as chief financial officer at the Trump Organization where his financial skills helped spare Donald J. Trump from having to file for personal bankruptcy. Died Oct. 8 in Manhattan. King Bhumibol Adulyadej Photographer: Alex Bowie/Getty Images Bhumibol Adulyadej, 88. The American-born King of Thailand whose reign lasted seven decades and captivated a nation. Died Oct. 13 at Bangkok’s Siriraj Hospital. E. Lee Hennessee, 64. She started New York-based Hennessee Group, one of the first hedge-fund research and advisory firms and created an industry performance index. Died Oct. 29 at her home in West Palm Beach, Florida. November Janet Reno Photographer: Chris Kleponis/Bloomberg Janet Reno, 78. Her eight-year tenure as the first female U.S. attorney general was overshadowed by the work of independent counsels to whom she referred investigations of President Bill Clinton and his administration. Died Nov. 7 at her home in Miami from complications of Parkinson’s disease. Melvin Laird, 94. U.S. defense secretary under President Richard Nixon who oversaw the withdrawal of more than half a million U.S. troops during the Vietnam War. Died Nov. 16 in a hospital in Fort Myers, Florida. Dwayne Andreas, 98. He spent 27 years building Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. into the world’s largest processor of agricultural products, then stepped aside after the company pleaded guilty to price-fixing commodities. Died Nov. 16 at HSHS St. Mary’s Hospital in Decatur, Illinois. Fidel Castro Photographer: David Hume Kennerly/Getty Images Fidel Castro, 90. Led rebel forces to wrest control of Cuba from Fulgencio Batista in 1959, then established a communist regime that survived the collapse of the Soviet Union, inspired revolutionary movements and brought two superpowers close to nuclear war before stepping down after 49 years in power. Died Nov. 25. Grant Tinker, 90. The television producer who headed NBC in the 1980s and turned it into the U.S.’s top-rated network with comedy series such as “Family Ties” and “Cheers.” Died Nov. 28 at his home in California. December Jack Rudin, 92. The chairman of Rudin Management Co., who was the patriarch of a family whose role in New York real estate traces its roots to the early 1900s. Died Dec. 4 of pneumonia at his home in Manhattan. John Glenn Source: NASA John Glenn, 95. He was celebrated as a national hero after becoming the first U.S. astronaut to orbit Earth and went on to represent Ohio in the U.S. Senate for 24 years. Died Dec. 8 at James Cancer Center in Columbus, Ohio. Thomas Schelling, 95. Winner of the Nobel Prize in Economics for his study of how competitors make choices regarding cooperation versus conflict in face-offs that shape global politics such as the nuclear-arms race. Died Dec. 13. Henry Heimlich, 96. Pioneering U.S. surgeon who invented and then popularized the eponymous maneuver that he said saved more than 50,000 people from choking. Died Dec. 16 of complications from a heart attack at the Cincinnati senior center where he lived. Louis Harris, 95. U.S. pollster whose political insights helped steer John F. Kennedy’s successful bid for the presidency in 1960 and hundreds of other Democratic campaigns for public office. Died Dec. 17 at his home in Key West, Florida. Joseph Buckley, 62. A managing director at Bank of America Corp.’s Merrill Lynch unit who was a top-ranked U.S. restaurant industry analyst during a 30-year career on Wall Street. Died Dec. 20 of cancer. Hans Tietmeyer, 85. The Bundesbank president from 1993 to 1999, he was the last guardian of the German mark and one of the architects of Europe’s single currency. Died Dec. 27. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now This Is Where the World's Highest-Paid Expats Live Top Investor Picks for Emerging Markets in 2017 Islamic State Claims New Year’s Massacre at Istanbul Nightclub Trump to Continue Making News, Policy via Unconventional Twitter Perdue Is Trump’s Lead Pick for Agriculture Secretary Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
ROS LBoard 1 DAP: Fuel price hike shows BN confident of election win Richard T.W. Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Hackers who stole US$4 million nabbed AFP | December 28, 2016 The hackers allegedly made US$380,000 on trades of Intermune, a drug maker bought by Germany's Roche in 2014; $1.4 million in trades on Altera, bought by Intel in 2015; and $841,000 on Borderfree, acquired by Pitney Bowes in 2015. NEW YORK: US prosecutors announced criminal charges Tuesday against three hackers who allegedly made $4 million in illicit profits from insider trading of information pilfered from law firms advising on corporate mergers. The three defendants, two from Macau and one from China, successfully breached the computer networks of international law firms with New York offices by unlawfully obtaining a firm employee’s credentials and installing malware on his company’s server, the US Attorney’s office in New York said. The malware permitted the hackers to monitor law firm communications about more than a dozen transactions in 2014 and 2015 that were discussed or contemplated, including some deals that were never consummated. The hackers then bought shares of companies that would later be acquired, winning big profits. The hackers allegedly made $380,000 on trades of Intermune, a drug maker bought by Germany’s Roche in 2014; $1.4 million in trades on Altera, bought by Intel in 2015; and $841,000 on Borderfree, acquired by Pitney Bowes in 2015. “This case of cyber-meets-securities fraud should serve as a wake-up call for law firms around the world: you are and will be targets of cyber hacking because you have information valuable to would-be criminals,” US Attorney Preet Bharara said. The authorities arrested Iat Hong of Macau in Hong Kong, who is now pending extradition proceedings. The other two defendants, Chin Hung of Macau and Bo Zheng of China, are at large, a spokesman for the US Attorney’s office said. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Disney faces ‘Star Wars’-size dilemma over loss of Carrie Fisher More Malaysians holidaying in Penang ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Sikit-sikit wanna boycott…sikit-sikit wanna boycott Umno warned against escalating row with royalty Sorry, says man over obscene gesture caught on video 8 who climbed ‘IPOH’ signboard released on bail Handbags from Nepal, with love and sympathy Dodgy ECRL numbers in Sarawak Report ‘expose’… How the middle class can survive 2017 Expert: Stop hate preachers if you want to fight extremism IGP: Self-proclaimed ‘future richest man’ under… South Korea bans sales of some Nissan, BMW and Porsche… ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Sikit-sikit wanna boycott…sikit-sikit wanna boycott SM Salim, kenangan saya Budgets aren’t formulated for the fun of it Bestinet, once suspended, now immigration contractor 2017 rasanya bukan tahun PRU My wish list for 2017 More... FMT Bahasa Penganalisis: Perbalahan dengan istana merugikan Umno Gilap bakat pemanjat ‘Ipoh’ jadi Spiderman tawan KLCC Pakar: Henti sebar kebencian jika mahu perangi keganasan SM Salim, kenangan saya Petronas antara 29 syarikat dapat kelulusan projek minyak di Iran Projek pembangunan punca banjir di pusat bandar JB More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 28 December 2016 | MYT 7:07 AM US accuses Chinese citizens of hacking law firms, insider trading Prosecutors said the men made over $4 million by placing trades in at least five company stocks based on inside information from unnamed law firms, including about deals involving Intel Corp <INTC.O> and Pitney Bowes Inc NEW YORK: Three Chinese citizens have been criminally charged in the United States with trading on confidential corporate information obtained by hacking into networks and servers of law firms working on mergers, U.S. prosecutors said on Tuesday. Iat Hong of Macau, Bo Zheng of Changsha, China, and Chin Hung of Macau were charged in an indictment filed in Manhattan federal court with conspiracy, insider trading, wire fraud and computer intrusion. Prosecutors said the men made over $4 million by placing trades in at least five company stocks based on inside information from unnamed law firms, including about deals involving Intel Corp <INTC.O> and Pitney Bowes Inc . The men listed themselves in brokerage records as working at information technology companies, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission said in a related civil lawsuit. Hong, 26, was arrested on Sunday in Hong Kong, while Hung, 50, and Zheng, 30, are not in custody, prosecutors said. Defence lawyers could not be immediately identified. The case is the latest U.S. insider trading prosecution to involve hacking, and follows warnings by U.S. officials that law firms could become a prime target for hackers. "This case of cyber meets securities fraud should serve as a wake-up call for law firms around the world: you are and will be targets of cyber hacking, because you have information valuable to would-be criminals," U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara in Manhattan said. Prosecutors said that beginning in April 2014, the trio obtained inside information by hacking two U.S. law firms and targeting the email accounts of law firm partners working on mergers and acquisitions. Prosecutors did not identify the two law firms, or five others they said the defendants targeted. But one matched the description of New York-based Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, which represented Pitney Bowes in its 2015 acquisition of Borderfree Inc, one of the mergers in question. The indictment said that by using a law firm employee's credentials, the defendants installed malware on the firm's servers to access emails from lawyers, including a partner responsible for the Pitney deal. Cravath declined to comment. In March, Cravath confirmed discovering a "limited breach" of its systems in 2015. Prosecutors also accused the defendants of trading on information stolen from a law firm representing Intel on the chipmaker's acquisition of Altera Inc in 2015. Intel's merger counsel on the deal was New York-based Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP. The law firm declined to comment. The case is U.S. v. Hong et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 16-cr-360.- Reuters Tags / Keywords: Stocks , Earnings , Foreign News , Corporate News , Investing , Markets You May Be Interested Oil prices rise as markets eye OPEC, non-OPEC production cuts Petronas and 28 others certified by Iran to bid for oil and gas contracts Doubles 'goddess' Goh is now single Another viral video of another Ipoh 'daredevil' Traffic crawl along major highways Quality homes below RM400k Others Also Read Bubu waiting to greet travellers during Visit Sibu Year Analysts negative on Felda deal Fund Managers' pick Property Related advertisement Latest News Cypark remains an Add for CIMB Research Ringgit kicks off the new year on a soft note AmInvestment retains Buy on CIMB as more upside seen Breakfast briefing: Tuesday, January 3 KLCI off to cautious start for 2017 as Maybank, Axiata weigh Most Viewed in Business EPF not to be blamed for leaving FGV Ringgit expected to remain volatile in 2017 Felda Global Ventures confident of emerging stronger in 2017 Ringgit kicks off the new year on a soft note PNB appoints Zarinah, Awang Adek directors Discounted airfares to dominate airlines sector this year Malaysia's property market still resilient despite challenges Oil prices rise as markets eye OPEC, non-OPEC production cuts Promising 2017 outlook for construction Malaysia's Petronas and 28 others certified by Iran to bid for oil and gas contracts advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums TR's 12 days of giveaways: Gigabyte's great gear, with Arctic bonus by Bruno Ferreira  5:04 PM on December 27, 2016 Hello and good afternoon, dear gerbils. We're most pleased to see you all in good health. You all seem a little plumper—we wonder if that's the effect of the cameras or all the Christmas food you gorged on. We're waiting on TR Santa, watching the afternoon sky for any sign of his reindeer-powered sled. Ah, we finally see it. But it appears to be flying much lower and slower than usual, and swerving around a little. It seems to be particularly loaded, and now it's landed. Uh, is that Santa? He's a bulky enough man, but apparently the steady diet of milk and cookies seems to have taken its toll. We think his sweater is bursting at the seams. He's kindly asked us to go pick up the bag as he's unable to walk (or roll?) the distance. Ah, there we are. Let's see what's in today's bag... Oh. My. Goodness. What a sweet combination. This is a bag of Gigabyte and Arctic gear, and it contains a GA-Z170X-UD5 TH mobo, a GeForce GTX 1060 G1 Gaming 3GB graphics card, and an Arctic P533 Racing headset. Let's take a closer look at the items, shall we? In today's prize pack, we have an extra-spiffy motherboard. The Gigabyte GA-Z170X-UD5 TH (going for $240, imported) is a badass mobo with everything an enthusiast could ask for, plus a couple bathroom sinks. Let's start ticking off items: an honest-to-goodness Intel Thunderbolt 3 controller, a high-end Realtek ALC1150 audio codec and enhanced audio circuitry, an Intel Gigabit Ethernet controller, and two USB 3.1 Type-C ports. Then there's not one but two PCIe M.2 connectors, a total of three SATA Express ports, reinforced PCIe x16 slots, and both SLI and CrossFire support. Enough hardware for you? Next up, there's this neat Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1060 G1 Gaming 3GB graphics card (worth $220). Not all GTX 1060s are the same, and this particular variant offers a GPU with a whopping 1847 MHz boost clock when using the card's OC Mode. If you feel like playing it safe, you can stil leave it in Gaming mode and get an 1809 MHz boost clock rate. Gigabyte's tried-and-true dual-fan setup nicely complements the card. Today's gift triptych is complete with something out of left field. The retro-styled Arctic Cooling P533 Racing headset (a $78 value) places 40-mm neodynium drivers inside over-ear, closed-back enclosures with a hefty amount of padding. The integrated boom mic is articulated in two spots for extra comfort, too. There's no volume control in the headset's cable—instead, there's an actual volume knob on one of the cans, as a homage to vintage headphones. And now for the moment you've all been waiting for. Today's prize haul definitely steps up the gifting game, and we bet that you're all dying to know if you're going to get all this hardware as a belated Chrismas gift. But first, our usual countdown: we must start from the number of eggnog shots downed during the past week. That ought to keep you busy for a while. All done? Great! Our winner today is (drumroll)... David Sipes. Congratulations, for this bag of gifts is yours. Our biz handler will be in touch with you soon. Meanwhile, Krogoth couldn't attend, as he's apparently still recovering from eggnog overdose. Word is he found the drink impressive enough, if you can believe that. Let's have a round of applause for Gigabyte. The company's been a great partner for a long time, and kicked in what's a huge haul of hardware for our giveaway. Spoiler alert: there's even more Gigabyte stuff to give away. If you'd be so kind, please follow the company's Twitter feed and hit Like on its Facebook profile. Don't forget about Arctic, though. Arctic is a long-running name in the cooling and accessory market, and jumped in this giveaway at the last minute. The more the merrier, we say. Go ahead and hit Follow on the company's Twitter account and the Like button on its Facebook page. Don't forget to sign up for the remaining random draws in TR's 12 days of giveaways. TR Santa still has goodies to deliver over the next few days, and you still have good chances. We'll have another giveaway tomorrow, but in the meantime, you can take a sneak peek at an item that may or may not be up for grabs: Tags: Graphics Motherboards Multimedia Miscellaneous Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine U.S. Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Africa & Mideast Home» Report on Business» International Business Prosecutors said the men made over $4-million (U.S.) by placing trades in at least five company stocks based on inside information from unnamed law firms, including about deals involving Intel Corp. and Pitney Bowes Inc. (Kiyoshi Ota/Bloomberg) Prosecutors said the men made over $4-million (U.S.) by placing trades in at least five company stocks based on inside information from unnamed law firms, including about deals involving Intel Corp. and Pitney Bowes Inc. (Kiyoshi Ota/Bloomberg) U.S. charges Chinese citizens with hacking, insider trading Add to ... NATE RAYMOND NEW YORK — Reuters Published Tuesday, Dec. 27, 2016 5:40PM EST Last updated Tuesday, Dec. 27, 2016 5:40PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Three Chinese citizens have been criminally charged in the United States with trading on confidential corporate information obtained by hacking into networks and servers of law firms working on mergers, U.S. prosecutors said on Tuesday. Iat Hong of Macau, Bo Zheng of Changsha, in mainland China, and Chin Hung of Macau were charged in an indictment filed in Manhattan U.S. federal court with conspiracy, insider trading, wire fraud and computer intrusion. Prosecutors said the men made over $4-million (U.S.) by placing trades in at least five company stocks based on inside information from unnamed law firms, including about deals involving Intel Corp. and Pitney Bowes Inc. The men listed themselves in brokerage records as working at information-technology companies, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission said in a related civil lawsuit. Mr. Hong, 26, was arrested on Sunday in Hong Kong, while Mr. Hung, 50, and Mr. Zheng, 30, are not in custody, prosecutors said. Defence lawyers could not be immediately identified. The case is the latest U.S. insider-trading prosecution to involve hacking, and follows warnings by U.S. officials that law firms could become a prime target for hackers. “This case of cyber-meets-securities-fraud should serve as a wake-up call for law firms around the world: You are and will be targets of cyberhacking, because you have information valuable to would-be criminals,” U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said in Manhattan. Prosecutors said beginning in April, 2014, the trio obtained inside information by hacking two U.S. law firms and targeting the e-mail accounts of law-firm partners working on mergers and acquisitions. Prosecutors did not identify the two law firms or five others they said the defendants targeted. But one matched the description of New York-based Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, which represented Pitney Bowes in its 2015 acquisition of Borderfree Inc., one of the mergers in question. The indictment said that by using a law firm employee’s credentials, the defendants installed malware on the firm’s servers to access e-mails from lawyers, including a partner responsible for the Pitney deal. Cravath declined to comment. In March, Cravath confirmed discovering a “limited breach” of its systems in 2015. Prosecutors also accused the defendants of trading on information stolen from a law firm representing Intel on the chip maker’s acquisition of Altera Inc. in 2015. Intel’s merger counsel on the deal was New York-based Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP. The law firm declined to comment. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail White House says FBI investigating Yahoo breach (Reuters)   INTC-QIntel Corp Latest Price$36.27 -0.39 (-1.06%) PBI-NPitney Bowes Inc Latest Price$15.19 -0.15 (-0.98%) Updated December 30 4:00 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story IBM to begin beta testing for Watson-led cybercrime fight Facebook builds censorship tool to attain China re-entry: report After cyberattacks, Internet of Things wrestles with making smart devices safer Topics Pitney Bowes Inc. Intel Corporation United States of America China United States Securities & Exchange Commission Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know facts & arguments Star Wars themes are found in a galaxy not so far away Life Take this nutrition quiz to help you eat better in 2017 News Great Trail project aims to connect Canada from coast to coast Report on Business Five things that could send economic forecasts off course in 2017 The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business Is a $700 parka ever worth it? Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? Life Video: Chef Basics: How to bake cinnamon buns from scratch Report on Business When ‘Made in Canada’ works, and when it doesn’t Life Penn State 'Squirrel Girl' has students and animals going nuts Globe Drive Subaru's rally-inspired STI is a blast despite challenges to the throne News Time-lapse images from space show the human impact on parts of Canada Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns News New Brunswick firefighters rescue moose trapped in icy river Life Meet the Canadian travel blogger who has visited nearly 100 countries Report on Business China luxury spending makes a comeback Report on Business Are mortgage rates set to rise? Three indicators to watch ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business Charlottetown students stand out in business case competitions Globe Investor Infrastructure boom will be a bumpy ride for investors More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Why 2017 could be a good year for high-yield bond investors Arts Author Stephen Vizinczey on why his current novel, If Only, has been stuck in limbo Most popular Milton, Ont., mother of two among those killed in Istanbul attack Newfoundland man diagnosed with schizophrenia sues over forced injection Canadian dead after New Year’s Eve party in Thailand In 1967, the birth of modern Canada How a little-known patent sparked Canada’s deadly opioid crisis X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 444 Front St. W., Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5V 2S9 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
null
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. accuses Chinese citizens of hacking law firms, insider trading Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Wed Dec 28, 2016 | 5:28am EST U.S. accuses Chinese citizens of hacking law firms, insider trading A map of China is seen through a magnifying glass on a computer screen showing binary digits in Singapore in this January 2, 2014 photo illustration. REUTERS/Edgar Su By Nate Raymond | NEW YORK NEW YORK Three Chinese citizens have been criminally charged in the United States with trading on confidential corporate information obtained by hacking into networks and servers of law firms working on mergers, U.S. prosecutors said on Tuesday. Iat Hong of Macau, Bo Zheng of Changsha, China, and Chin Hung of Macau were charged in an indictment filed in Manhattan federal court with conspiracy, insider trading, wire fraud and computer intrusion. Prosecutors said the men made more than $4 million by placing trades in at least five company stocks based on inside information from unnamed law firms, including about deals involving Intel Corp and Pitney Bowes Inc. The men listed themselves in brokerage records as working at information technology companies, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission said in a related civil lawsuit. Hong, 26, was arrested on Sunday in Hong Kong, while Hung, 50, and Zheng, 30, are not in custody, prosecutors said. Defense lawyers could not be immediately identified. The case is the latest U.S. insider trading prosecution to involve hacking, and follows warnings by U.S. officials that law firms could become prime targets for hackers. "This case of cyber meets securities fraud should serve as a wake-up call for law firms around the world: you are and will be targets of cyber hacking, because you have information valuable to would-be criminals," U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara in Manhattan said. Prosecutors said that beginning in April 2014, the trio obtained inside information by hacking two U.S. law firms and targeting the email accounts of law firm partners working on mergers and acquisitions. Prosecutors did not identify the two law firms, or five others they said the defendants targeted. But one matched the description of New York-based Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, which represented Pitney Bowes in its 2015 acquisition of Borderfree Inc, one of the mergers in question. The indictment said that by using a law firm employee's credentials, the defendants installed malware on the firm's servers to access emails from lawyers, including a partner responsible for the Pitney deal. Cravath declined to comment. In March, Cravath confirmed discovering a "limited breach" of its systems in 2015. Prosecutors also accused the defendants of trading on information stolen from a law firm representing Intel on the chipmaker's acquisition of Altera Inc in 2015. Intel's merger counsel on the deal was New York-based Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP. The law firm declined to comment. In Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said she was aware of the reports about the case but knew nothing about it. The case is U.S. v. Hong et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 16-cr-360. (Reporting by Nate Raymond; Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in Beijing; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Richard Chang) Next In Technology News Samsung Electronics to reveal Galaxy Note 7 probe results this month: JoongAng Ilbo SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd will announce this month the results of an investigation into what caused some of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones to catch fire, the JoongAng Ilbo newspaper reported on Monday citing unnamed sources. Bitcoin jumps above $1,000 for first time in three years LONDON Digital currency bitcoin kicked off the new year by jumping above $1,000 for the first time in three years late on Sunday, having outperformed all central-bank-issued currencies with a 125 percent climb in 2016. Apple to cut iPhone production in first quarter of 2017: report Apple Inc will trim production of iPhones by about 10 percent in the January-March quarter of 2017, the Nikkei financial daily reported on Thursday, citing calculations based on data from suppliers. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Gardens glow in California light exhibit Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 7 Clever Evernote Features to Streamline Your Workflow Productivity 7 Clever Evernote Features to Streamline Your Workflow Nancy Messieh 5 Free Game Development Software Tools To Make Your Own Games Gaming Programming 5 Free Game Development Software Tools To Make Your Own Games Joel Lee Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: How to Make Your Online Experience More Secure Security How to Make Your Online Experience More Secure Kev Quirk December 27, 2016 27-12-2016 5 minutes How to Make Your Online Experience More Secure Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Ex Intel CEO, Andy Grove once said, “Only the paranoid survive”. When it comes to being online, he’s absolutely right. Everything you do online nowadays should be approached with a healthy amount of cynicism. Installing a free anti-virus program The 10 Best Free Anti-Virus Programs The 10 Best Free Anti-Virus Programs Read More and forgetting about security simply doesn’t cut the mustard. So in this article, we’re going to look at some of the simple steps you can take to secure your entire online life. Use Two-Factor Everywhere (Especially With Email) Two-factor authentication What Is Two-Factor Authentication, And Why You Should Use It What Is Two-Factor Authentication, And Why You Should Use It Two-factor authentication (2FA) is a security method that requires two different ways of proving your identity. It is commonly used in everyday life. For example paying with a credit card not only requires the card,... Read More is a quick and simple way of securing many of the tools that you use online. It basically uses something you know, like your password, and something you have, like your phone, to generate a code before you are able to log in. Your email address is the skeleton key to all of your online services. If an attacker gets in to your emails, it’s all over as attackers can quickly generate password reset links to get in to all of your other accounts. By enabling two-factor on your email account, you add the extra layer of security to prevent attackers from getting in. So unless they have your phone and your user account details, they’re very unlikely to get in. All of the main email providers like Gmail, Outlook and Yahoo! will allow you to use two-factor. If you’re a Gmail user, there are also some extra security measures you can take How to Secure Your Gmail Account in 3 Easy Steps How to Secure Your Gmail Account in 3 Easy Steps For many of us, getting our Gmail accounts hacked would be the end of the world. Don't let that happen! All it takes it three easy steps to keep your account secure. Read More . There are many other services that off two-factor Which Services Offer Two-Factor Authentication? Which Services Offer Two-Factor Authentication? Not long ago, Tina told you all about two-factor authentication, how it works, and why you should use it. In a nutshell, two-factor authentication (2FA), or two-step verification as it’s sometimes called, is an additional... Read More , not just email. So enabling it for as many of the services that you use as possible will bolster you security. At first it may be frustrating to get to grips with, but you soon get used to it. Encrypt Your Device Encryption will ensure that if your device goes missing, the data stored on it is safe and secure. Windows, Mac, Linux, Android and iOS all offer free encryption options, so there really isn’t any excuse for not encrypting. For Windows and Mac, it’s BitLocker Free Military-Grade Privacy For Your Files: How Bitlocker Works [Windows] Free Military-Grade Privacy For Your Files: How Bitlocker Works [Windows] Ever heard that quote about trying to explain how a television works to an ant? I'm not calling you an ant, even though you are hard-working and enjoy the occasional sip of aphid milk. What... Read More  and FileVault What Is Mac OS X FileVault & How Do I Use It? What Is Mac OS X FileVault & How Do I Use It? Only by manually encrypting the files on your hard drive can you truly keep your files safe. That's where the Mac OS X FileVault comes in. Read More , respectively. For Linux, you simply need to check the box “encrypt home partition” during the installation process. When it comes to mobile devices, iOS is encrypted by default, as are many modern Android devices. However, if you have an Android device that isn’t encrypted by default, it can be easily turned on How To Encrypt Data on Your Smartphone How To Encrypt Data on Your Smartphone With the Prism-Verizon scandal, what allegedly has been happening is that the United States of America's National Security Agency (NSA) has been data mining. That is, they have been going through the call records of... Read More . Protect Your Lock Screen These days, many smartphones and tablets come with fingerprint recognition for unlocking your device. It’s obviously more secure than having nothing at all, but a PIN on your lock screen is better than using fingerprint recognition. “Why?” I hear you yell. It’s simple really. The fifth amendment has a safeguard in place to prevent self-incrimination. If a government body were to ask you to unlock your device, you could forget your PIN, but you can’t change your fingerprint. So with a court order, you could be forced to unlock your device. With a PIN, its not so simple. Not to mention, having a protected lock screen can stop the opportunist from getting at your phone. When setting a PIN, be sure to use something that isn’t obvious. Data Genetics did a recent survey on PIN codes, and the table above shows the 20 most common of the 7 million sampled. Most of the PIN codes in the table above follow some kind of pattern. Us humans love patterns, so if you stick to a PIN that doesn’t have an obvious pattern, then it’s less likely to be guessed. Encrypt Your Text Messages Services like Whatsapp now encrypt by default Why WhatsApp's End-to-End Encryption Is a Big Deal Why WhatsApp's End-to-End Encryption Is a Big Deal WhatsApp recently announced that they would be enabling end-to-end encryption in their service. But what does this mean for you? Here's what you need to know about WhatsApp encryption. Read More . This is great because it stops anyone from spying on your private conversations. However, it doesn’t support standard text messaging and the recipient needs to be using Whatsapp as well. There are alternatives to Whatsapp that allow for end-to-end encryption, such as Telegram Telegram Provides A Secure & Fast-Growing Alternative To WhatsApp Telegram Provides A Secure & Fast-Growing Alternative To WhatsApp Read More and Signal. All these tools also allow you to make encrypted calls, so can be a lot more secure than traditional calls or text messages. Edward Snowden himself actually recommends Signal. The vast majority of people nowadays do have Whatsapp on their phone, as it’s more secure and has more functionality than a simple text message. So even though it’s a requirement for your friends to have the app as well, it’s not really an issue any more. If you don’t have Whatsapp on your device, I urge you to start using it ASAP. It’s free, after all. Search in Private Many people know that Google is a privacy black hole Five Things Google Probably Knows About You Five Things Google Probably Knows About You Read More , yet it’s still the site that most people turn to when they have a question about pretty much anything. But there are alternative search engines out there that don’t store information about you. So you get the answers to your questions, and your privacy remains in tact. The biggest of these privacy aware search engines is DuckDuckGo 8 Search Tricks That Work on DuckDuckGo but Not on Google 8 Search Tricks That Work on DuckDuckGo but Not on Google Google Search is king. But DuckDuckGo has earned a loyal fan following. It has a few unusual features that even Google doesn't have. Read More . The DuckDuckGo privacy policy is very simple. The first line reads: “DuckDuckGo does not collect or share personal information.” So you can search on DuckDuckGo safe in the knowledge that your personal data is not being harvested. Get a Password Manager Having the most secure password in the world Password Chart: Secure Password Creator Password Chart: Secure Password Creator Read More doesn’t mean anything if it’s the same for every site you use. If one of your accounts gets compromised, then all of your accounts are effectively compromised along with it. The solution is a password manager, like LastPass Master Your Passwords For Good With Lastpass' Security Challenge Master Your Passwords For Good With Lastpass' Security Challenge We spend so much time online, with so many accounts, that remembering passwords can be really tough. Concerned about the risks? Find out how to use LastPass' Security Challenge to improve your security hygiene. Read More . A password manager will allow you to generate random passwords and will automatically log you in to sites you have stored. This means that you only need to remember to main password for your manager, and it will do all the hard word for you. Just don’t forget to enable two-factor authentication on your password manager! Use Tor (Not Incognito) Incognito mode, or private browsing if you don’t use Chrome, allows you to surf the web anonymously, and no one can see what you have been up to. It’s great, right? Wrong! If you’re using incognito mode on your machine, your internet service provider, network administrators and the makers of your browser can still see what you have been looking at online. It’s a common misconception that incognito mode is private. It isn’t, it just doesn’t save any history to the local machine. If you want a way to browse the internet more privately, take a look at Tor TOR For Newbies: When Should You Use It? TOR For Newbies: When Should You Use It? Savvy users should already know whether using TOR is right for their needs, but what about the newbies out there? Read More . On the desktop, it’s as simple as downloading and installing the Tor Browser (which is based on Firefox, so should be familiar to most). If you’re on a mobile device, you can still use Tor to browse the internet. There are apps like Orbot for Android How to Browse the Web Anonymously On Your Android Smartphone How to Browse the Web Anonymously On Your Android Smartphone When you access a website on your smartphone, your cellular carrier, network operator, and government all know you accessed that website. Tor allows you to browse anonymously and bypass web censorship on your desktop. Orbot... Read More  and VPN Browser for iOS. Tor isn’t 100% secure. Nothing is. But if you want truly private browsing, Tor is the closest that most people will get. This Is How You Stay Secure It’s important to remember that it is impossible to remain 100% secure whilst online. Attackers will always find a way in, given enough time. These tips will make a would-be attacker’s life very difficult, but that doesn’t mean you should ever let your guard down. Remember, only the paranoid survive! Do you have any other tips for staying secure online? If so, feel free to share them below. Image Credit: LeoWolfert via Shutterstock.com Previous Post5 Ways a USB Stick Can Improve Your SecurityNext PostHow to Disable System Integrity Protection (and Why You Shouldn’t) 8 comments Write a Comment ReadandShare December 28, 2016 at 6:29 am Article states, "Windows, Mac, Linux, Android and iOS all offer free encryption options, so there really isn’t any excuse for not encrypting...For Windows and Mac, it’s BitLocker and FileVault, respectively." Windows versions that include BitLocker are NOT free. Reply Kev Quirk December 28, 2016 at 10:15 am All versions of Windows 10 come with device encryption out of the box. This is bundled in with the cost of the OS. Reply PD December 28, 2016 at 6:08 am Firefox's Private Window uses Tor by default. You failed to mention that. Password managers are a very debatable option. Simplification where the user only needs to remember one password also minifies the hacker's target yet enables maximum results. Also, how do they work with 2FA? Password managers that store that one critical password on an internet-connected device (in 'the cloud') are also exposing users to masses of hacking attempts that have succeeded: https://blog.lastpass.com/2015/06/lastpass-security-notice.html/ Surely you could have mentioned more password manager services than one, the one that was hacked? Is DuckDuckGo still repurposing Bing / Yahoo results without tracking whilst adding some of it's own features? It needs to be acknowledged that whilst DDG may be less invasive of our privacy, a very admirable feature, it's results may make life harder. Also, tracking is more a privacy than a security feature, is it not? Reply Kev Quirk December 28, 2016 at 10:58 am Please can you link to some Mozilla documentation about them using Tor for private browsing as I'm not aware of this? To my knowledge, they have an anti-tracking feature which can be turned on or off, but this is far from Tor. LastPass have been hacked, but the way that they encrypt, hash and salt the data prior to being transmitted means that even if hackers get user data (which they never have, it's only ever been auth hashes), it will be pretty much impossible to crack. Respected security professionals have gone on the record to say that they have never been concerned with any of the hacks that LastPass have received. Here is an interesting article about how LastPass secures user data. It's worth being familiar with this information in order to understand how difficult it would be to get user data in clear text. https://lastpass.com/support.php?cmd=showfaq&id=6926 These tips shouldn't be used in isolation, they should be used in conjunction. So continuing with the LastPass example, yes you have a single password that accesses everything else, but with 2FA also enabled, this is now far more secure. More so if you use something like a Yubikey. By the way, most people who don't use a password manager have approximately 3-4 password iterations that they use, and they only differ by one character in most cases. Reply PD December 28, 2016 at 1:04 pm Well colour me embarrassed and regretful. I swear I saw a release note or something about Mozilla doing the sensible thing, allbeit eons after Snowden, and making - at least - Private Browsing mode TOR by default. Gee Mozilla doesn't have a clue how to value-add and differentiate Firefox anymore. Must have been this article: http://www.ghacks.net/2016/07/04/tor-privacy-settings-coming-to-firefox/ and the Private Browsing hardening (preferences off FFS) work here: https://wiki.mozilla.org/Security/Tor_Uplift/Tracking https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1260929 that I was confused by. It's so bleeding hard to keep up with what Mozilla is, or more to the point is not, doing since they adopted the idiotic periodic release approach along with no less than 4 release versions! I agree there's degrees of security and nothing is ever 'secure'. and your article shouldn't be used in isolation, though it didn't exactly say so! In addition, I'd add that the word, or finite context of the word "secure" should NEVER EVER be used in any such article. You got the heading right by using "more secure" but the last h2 heading "stay secure" is dubious. Perhaps "improve your online security" ? In addition Kev, surely it's better journalistic practice to avoid generalizations? If you want to refer to "Respected security professionals", perhaps do so with ... references :) Again there's room there for nuance. Bruce Schneier recommends password managers but not the type that link wit browsers and pre-fil them as these are apparently too easy to hack. https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2014/09/security_of_pas.html He has written his own that relies on user's doing a simple copy/paste. It's interesting as well that your Yubikey mention only made the comments, not the article. Why is that? Perhaps you felt Yubikey is too complex for the average user? Yet my Mum uses a similar concept supplied by her bank and has done for years. In addition, whilst it is not exactly established, it appears that the next industry attempt to solve the security issue will be what arguably should have happened in year dot: people get a physical key with a digital key (certificate) on it, plug it into their computer, and that secondarily establishes their identity and authentication. They call it Universal Second Factor. http://arstechnica.com/security/2016/12/this-low-cost-device-may-be-the-worlds-best-hope-against-account-takeovers/ It's a suitably stupidly vague and convoluted name for a simple concept: give users a key ... well, who would've thought people could relate to a bloody key ... you know, those things we all carry around all day every day? Yeah yeah, some smart arses will come out and claim we should be implenting it flipping wirelessly on our 'smart' phones and over complicate the whole idea. But hopefully the standard will penetrate anyway ... if bloody laggards like Mozilla would pull their fingers out and implement it. Gawd how they've butchered their own product/market share/organiation ever since the threat of Chrome appeared. Brings tears to my eyes. Reply Zhong December 27, 2016 at 11:33 pm I would also try to use an authentication app instead of SMS to your phone. Reply Kev Quirk December 28, 2016 at 10:14 am Yes, I prefer to use an app rather than text messaging. Reply Zhong December 28, 2016 at 2:33 pm What are you thoughts on using a physical key as your login credentials? Some machines have special hardware that can use your finger prints or facial memory to login. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Kev Quirk 21 articles Kev is a Cyber Security professional from North West of England who has a passion for motorbikes, web design & writing. He is a self confessed uber-geek and open source advocate. You can usually find him hanging around on Twitter or his personal website. Advertisement Latest Giveaways 3Doodler Create 3D Pen Review and Giveaway 3Doodler Create 3D Pen Review and Giveaway Christian Cawley December 29, 2016 29-12-2016 Sony PlayStation 4 Pro Review and Giveaway Sony PlayStation 4 Pro Review and Giveaway Dave LeClair December 17, 2016 17-12-2016 Blackview R6 Review and Giveaway Blackview R6 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis December 13, 2016 13-12-2016 Advertisement Trending 7 Clever Evernote Features to Streamline Your Workflow Productivity 7 Clever Evernote Features to Streamline Your Workflow Nancy Messieh December 30, 2016 30-12-2016 6 Easiest Programming Languages to Learn for Beginners Programming 6 Easiest Programming Languages to Learn for Beginners Moe Long December 29, 2016 29-12-2016 Let’s Face It: Amazon Echo’s Alexa Is Stupid Smart Home Let’s Face It: Amazon Echo’s Alexa Is Stupid Dan Price December 29, 2016 29-12-2016 Advertisement Related Articles What Does the Windows 10 “Creators Update” Do for Security? Security Windows What Does the Windows 10 “Creators Update” Do for Security? Gavin Phillips January 2, 2017 02-01-2017 What You Must Learn From the Big Security Events of 2016 Security What You Must Learn From the Big Security Events of 2016 James Frew December 30, 2016 30-12-2016 8 Easy Ways to Supercharge Your LastPass Security Security 8 Easy Ways to Supercharge Your LastPass Security Dan Price December 23, 2016 23-12-2016 Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Peekaboo: Newegg lists, then pulls, an Asus… Peekaboo: Newegg lists, then pulls, an Asus Chromebook with Type-C By Brad Bourque — December 27, 2016 9:07 AM Subscribe Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Someone at Newegg may have jumped the gun on announcing a new high-end Chromebook from Asus. The Asus C203CA pairs up an Intel Core m3-6Y30 with 4GB of RAM and a 12.5-inch 1080p screen. When the $499 system originally popped up on the FCC’s listings earlier this year, we first noticed the 360-degree hinge and touchscreen, and it appears to be the same system listed on Newegg’s photos (shown above). More: FCC data hints at upcoming premium Asus Chromebook 2-in-1 Most notably, the new Asus Chromebook features a pair of USB 3.1 Type-C ports, a rarity except on high-end Chromebooks like the awkwardly positioned Google Chromebook Pixel. As the Type-C standard becomes more common, it’s likely to start showing up on systems of all shapes and sizes. The sixth-generation Core M processor is actually the last of its kind, as Intel has rolled the Core M chips into the standard core lineup, with a lower power level. Still, we aren’t disappointed to see one of these chips powering the C203CA, especially with 4GB of RAM, as it should provide a snappy experience even as the tabs pile up. For storage, the model listed on Newegg sports a 64GB eMMC drive, with a MicroSD card slot for expanding the system’s capacity. The keyboard is backlit as well, a premium feature that’s becoming increasingly common on budget-friendly laptops. The listing was pulled quickly, and as with any upcoming product leak, a healthy amount of skepticism is a must. That being said, a product listing from a retailer like Newegg or Amazon typically doesn’t come until the very end of the development process, so as far as leaks go, this one isn’t too hard to believe. In fact, Chromebook news site Chrome Unboxed was even able to order one from Newegg before the listing was pulled, and at time of publication, the order hadn’t been canceled, even after checking with a Newegg customer service representative. The system was listed at $499, a reasonable price for a Chromebook with some oomph under the hood and a 1080p panel. With CES right around the corner, we have a feeling Asus won’t take long in confirming or denying the existence of such a product. Share
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Gigabyte Brix Gaming GT takes a GTX 1080 on the road by Wayne Manion  10:07 AM on December 27, 2016 We've taken a look at Gigabyte's compact Brix gaming systems in the past. Now, the Brix Gaming GT is poised to take a VR-ready to the road or living room with its compact dimensions, an Intel sixth-generation Core i7-6700K CPU, and a Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 graphics card. The Brix Gaming GT identifies itself as a gaming PC with a cluster of RGB LEDs and a pair of flaps on top that open when the system is thermally loaded. The machine comes equipped with 32GB of DDR4 memory, a 240GB M.2 SSD, and a 2.5" 1TB hard drive. Gigabyte doesn't say whether the included SSD is of the NVMe or AHCI variety, though. The system also sports room for a second 2.5" drive. Networking is handled by an Intel 3165NGW Wireless-AC Wi-Fi and Bluetooth combo adapter, along with a Gigabit Ethernet port powered by a Killer E2400 chip. For peripheral connectivity, the Brix Gaming GT offers both USB 3.1 Type-A and Type-C ports, three USB 3.0 Type-A connectors, and HDMI and audio jacks on the back. Front panel connections include audio jacks and another pair of USB 3.0 Type-A ports. The power connector, Ethernet jack, and additional display connectors are all stashed on the bottom of the device, where they are hidden from view. At first glance, the Brix Gaming GT looks like it is ready to take on tiny desktops like Zotac's Zbox Magnus EN1070 we recently reviewed. The 10.9" x 15.1" x 5.0" (27.6 cm x 38.4 cm x 12.8 cm) dimensions make the Brix over five times larger than the Zotac miniature gaming box, though in the Brix's defense, there is no external power brick cluttering things up. Tags: Graphics Systems Gaming Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: 'Open Source' Robo-Car in '17? NEWS & ANALYSIS: Nokia Hits Apple With Patent Suits NEWS & ANALYSIS: Thinnest Nanowire Self-assembles NEWS & ANALYSIS: SK Hynix to Build Wafer Fab in South Korea NEWS & ANALYSIS: Korea Fines Q'comm Nearly $1B NEWS & ANALYSIS: IoT Ready to Light Up in 2017 News & Analysis TSMC Says 10nm on Track, Countering Reports Alan Patterson 12/27/2016 11:27 AM EST 3 comments NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet TAIPEI — Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (TSMC) says that 10nm is on schedule, countering news media reports that the yields of TSMC and Samsung at the industry’s most advanced technology node are lagging expectations. TSMC’s 10nm process is “totally on track” and will contribute to sales revenue for the first time in the first quarter of 2017, according to Elizabeth Sun, senior director, TSMC's Corporate Communications, refuting a report by Taiwan’s Digitimes website that was picked up by other news media. The company’s 10nm process will account for less than one percent of TSMC’s overall revenue during the first quarter of 2017, she said. Intel, Samsung and TSMC have been vying to be first with 10nm SoCs and capture profits from foundry customers such as Apple and Qualcomm. In November, Qualcomm announced it is in production with its next generation mobile SoC, the Snapdragon 835, in Samsung's 10nm process. Intel, earlier this year, said that its 10nm process could outperform other foundries and will be used to make ARM-based mobile chips for companies including LG Electronics. In the third quarter this year, TSMC transferred 10nm development from R&D to production and had five tape outs lined up for mobile products. The company predicted that high-end smartphones, the main driver in the semiconductor business, will move to 10nm from 16nm during 2017. While some industry executives say that Moore’s Law has reached its limit at 10nm, the top three chipmakers – Intel, Samsung and TSMC – are using three dimensional tweaks to take geometries to an “effective” 1nm. Earlier this month, TSMC said that it is planning to build a fab that will make 3nm SoCs as early as 2022. Beyond 10nm, the roadmap to finer geometries is entering a new territory. TSMC has said it is still undecided on whether it will adopt extreme ultraviolet (EUV) lithography for 5nm and 3nm. In November, ASML said the first-generation EUV systems are almost ready for use in volume manufacturing. “In 2018 the first chips made on current technology EUV scanners are expected to roll off the production lines of our customers,” according to ASML Chief Executive Peter Wennink. TSMC said that it will ramp 7nm in 2017, followed by 5nm in 2019, to support smartphones and high-end mobile products with new features, including virtual reality and augmented reality. —Alan Patterson covers the semiconductor industry for EE Times. He is based in Taiwan. Email This Print Comment More Related Links Race for AI Chips Begins 9 Views of IEDM Chip Market Brightens in 2017 Samsung Reportedly Mulls Foundry Spinoff AMD Clocks Ryzen at 3.4 GHz+ Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank Author Re: Update Gondalf   12/29/2016 10:39:33 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Beh "totally on track" means nothing, it could be totally on track at 50% yields or at 90% yields, it's a matter of perspective :). Sure at the beginning it will not be a good affair for all contenders :) Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author TSMC Says 10nm on Track, Countering Reports jasiojasiojasio   12/28/2016 6:44:06 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Allelujah ! Who will be able to afford these chips in products and what will happen when Xi will seize Taiwan ? TSMC should relocate to USA ? Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Update Alan Patterson   12/27/2016 10:52:30 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Samsung has not responded a day after I sent them email inquiring about their 10nm yields. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 1/3/2017 2:15:49 AM GeniusEE You guys need to refuse coverage of any gonadless chip announcement that does not include 1K budgetary pricing. With $10,000 FPGA chips at Digikey, not sure if I should care about... 1/3/2017 2:15:49 AM GeniusEE You guys need to refuse coverage of any gonadless chip announcement that does not include 1K budgetary pricing. With $10,000 FPGA chips at Digikey, not sure if I should care about... 1/3/2017 1:58:25 AM GeniusEE "That's an easy one...just shy of 11 bits" 1/3/2017 12:28:30 AM Bert22306 It could be that people idolize, or want to emulate, or wish they could be, whatever they can understand. If you talk to the average "person on the street," it is surprising what... 1/2/2017 9:28:58 PM David Ashton @Crusty...happy new year....if you're looking at new scopes then do bear in mind the experiences of the late Glen Chenier (bless his cotton socks...wish he was still with us): http://www.edn.com/electronics-blogs/test-voices/4435528/The-scope-from-Hell- He... 1/2/2017 9:02:06 PM Kevin Neilson I'd say a supermodel is one who can earn a large income well past normal earning years based on recognition and not on inherent "value".  Gisele Bündchen earned around... 1/2/2017 7:13:24 PM realjjj Supermodel might be a Victoria Secret marketing term at this point in time but not quite sure as i'm not even mildly familiar with that circus. This summer ahead of the Olympics,... 1/2/2017 6:44:36 PM perl_geek Assuming we're dealing with quadcopters here, (Predators being a different proposition altogether), I would expect they're going to be astonishingly noisy in RF. 4 cheap electric... 1/2/2017 6:09:18 PM RadioGraybeard A drone can be anything from an under $500 RC hobby toy to a military UAV with the wingspan of a Boeing 757.  I think the problems of looking for them vary with the size... 1/2/2017 6:07:04 PM Crusty1 Hi David; I am on the look out for an new DSO, my OWON 25MHz DSO is still good, but with the clock speeds that I am using, evan as an amateur, it looks like 100MHz is the order... Navigate to Related Links Race for AI Chips Begins 9 Views of IEDM Chip Market Brightens in 2017 Samsung Reportedly Mulls Foundry Spinoff AMD Clocks Ryzen at 3.4 GHz+ Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest January 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "Rosy Resolutions" "Your caption here!" 1 Comment All Cartoons November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus It was a seamless transition from Senior Principal Engineer to Museum Curator. 94 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  47   What Are the Coolest Engineering Gifts?  46   Half-Ton Megaprocessor is Finally Finished  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  36   I Got an Uber-Cool Badge and a Mega-Cool ...  34   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  31   Could Engineers be Accused of Killing Jobs?  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  29   Deep Thoughts Regarding the Bodacious Brain  28   Replacing Tantalum Bypass Capacitors with ...  28   The Time Has Come to Build My Own ...  5   Korea Fines Qcomm Nearly $1B  4   What I Learned as a "Wrapper"  4   Drone Detection: An Interesting RF Challenge  3   Get a Signal's Details  3   TSMC Says 10nm on Track, Countering Reports  3   We're Following the Wrong Celebrities  2   IoT: A New Twist on an Old Idea  1   IoT Ready to Light Up in 2017  1   Thinnest Nanowire Self-assembles  1   'Open Source' Robo-Car in '17? Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Planet Analog Working With Us: About | Contact Us | Media Kits Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2017 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Topic News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted For Bloggers PRNewswire Distribution Search Lanner Launches Carrier-grade HTCA-6000 Series to Expand Its NFVi-ready Product Lineup HTCA-6600 is designed in 6U, with six CPU blades and a combination of six Ethernet NI/switch blade slots. HTCA-6000A_front   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Telecom Network Appliance By Industry: * TelecomNEW TAIPEI CITY, Taiwan - Dec. 27, 2016 - PRLog -- With the advances in networking software like SDN and NFV, communication service providers and carriers benefit from the flexibility and the agility to evolve their new services. To address the needs for high availability cloud computing, Lanner introduces NEBS-compliant HTCA-6200 and HTCA-6600 HybridTCA network appliances that are NFVi-ready and certified as carrier-grade communication platform for telecommunication applications. The design concept of Lanner's HybridTCA provides modular flexibility, full component redundancy and extreme performance for today's & tomorrow's telecommunication needs. HTCA-6200 is designed with dual CPU blades and dual network I/O blades. Each of the CPU blades is empowered by two Intel® Xeon® E5-2690 v3/v4 CPUs and sixteen DDR4 R-DIMM sockets, offering extreme performance and processing power. To efficiently control and allocate load-balance, the system is built in with a BCM StrataXGS™ Trident-II BCM56854 Switch Fabric with 720Gbps. The Trident-II+ BCM 56860 with 1280Gbps fabric capacity is also an available option to provide 100GbE connectivity. The front-cabling dual network I/O blades are compatible with switch blades or Ethernet NI blades for hybrid functionality. The standard switch Ethernet blade supports four GbE LAN ports plus sixteen 10GbE ports and the optional Trident-II+ switch Ethernet blade supports two 100GbE and twenty 10GbE. Ethernet NI blade comes with thirty-two 10GbE network ports. The system comes with redundancy design for its switch blades and CPU blades, which offers backup operation in case downtime occurs to one of the blades. As a carrier-grade appliance, HTCA-6200 is NEBS compliance design and supports high-availability of redundant, swappable cooling fans and power supply units. While HTCA-6200 is built in 2U rackmount form factor, HTCA-6600 is designed in 6U, with six CPU blades and a combination of six Ethernet NI/switch blade slots. While sharing the same CPU and memory configurations as HTCA-6200, two Intel® Xeon® E5-2690 v3/v4 CPUs and sixteen DDR4 R-DIMM sockets for each blade as stated above, HTCA-6600 comes with six front-cabling, swappable Ethernet NI/switch blades. The top 2 blade slots are reserved for switch or Ethernet NI blades, while the other four slots are solely used for Ethernet NI blades. The Ethernet NI blade comes with the same configuration as HTCA-6200, which delivers thirty-two 10GbE ports. As the higher-end model, HTCA-6600 is designed with switch blade and CPU blade redundancy. In case one of the blades is encountered with failure, the other will take all the work loads. HTCA-6600 is also NEBS-compliant and supports high-availability of redundant, swappable cooling fans and power supply units. Both HTCA-6200 and HTCA-6600 are NFVi-ready and NEBS-compliant design for telecommunication applications, and have both been certified for Wind River Titanium Server NFV infrastructure (NFVI) software solution. Through the validation and pre-integration of industry-leading NFV ready hardware and software, Lanner is able to deliver carrier-grade network platforms optimized for NFV deployment, and service providers and TEMs can also be confident in selecting validated vendors in the ecosystem knowing that they are pre-validated with Titanium Server and ready for rapid service deployment. HTCA-6600 High Availability Chassis 6U Telecom Network Appliance with 6 x86 CPU Blades and 6 I/O Blades - High availability, full redundancy and extreme high performance - 6 CPU blades in the rear, per blade supports up to 2 Intel® Xeon® E5-2690 v3/v4 CPUs and 16x DDR4 - BCM StrataXGS™ Trident-II/II+ BCM56854/56860 Switch Fabric with 720/1280 Gbps - 6 x Swappable I/O blades on the front, supporting up to 2x Switch blades or 6x Ethernet blades - NEBS compliant design - Redundant power supply and removable fan module To know more about this product: http://www.lannerinc.com/products/telecom-datacenter-appl... About Lanner Electronics Inc. Lanner Electronics Inc. (TAIEX 6245) is a world-leading hardware provider in design, engineering, and manufacturing services for advanced network appliances and rugged industrial computers With 30-year experiences, Lanner provides reliable and cost-effective computing platforms with high quality and performance. Today, Lanner has a large and dynamic manpower of over 800 well-experienced employees worldwide with the headquarters in Taipei, Taiwan and subsidiaries in the US, Canada, and China. Contact Lanner Electronics Inc. ***@lannerinc.com End Source : Lanner Electronics Inc. » Follow Email : ***@lannerinc.com Listed Under- Tags : Telecom Network Appliance Industry : Telecom Location : New Taipei City - New Taipei City - Taiwan Subject : Products A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Lanner Electronics Inc. PRs Enabling Metro/Train Monitoring and Control with Rugged Railway Communication Platform Enabling Next Generation SDN and NFV Solutions The LEC-7338: SFF Surveillance Platform with Intel® BayTrail CPU Lanner Partners with Rapid Signage to Offer well-rounded Digital Signage Solutions Lanner Partners with Versa Networks to Enhance SD-WAN and vCPE Solutions at Customer Site Trending News Kipper Jones Announces Release of "Ashes to Ashes..." and Challenges Artists On Inaugration Day 2017 Clearwater's Fort Harrison to Host Swing Dance for Charity on January 19th Are You Ready For Your Big Acting/Singing Break? We are Casting and We Want YOU! Tech Me to the Movies "Hidden Figures" private screening exposes teens to careers in technology Seven for 2017: Why the New Year will be the year of the Pandemic Top Daily News Kipper Jones Announces Release of "Ashes to Ashes..." and Challenges Artists On Inaugration Day 2017 - 660 views John Cox, Noted Filmmaker, Draws Rave Reviews for CRAZY WORLD OF BILLY RABBIT on AMAZON Prime - 348 views Professor Rob McKenzie inks agent deal with EA Kroll Productions - 284 views Emler Repeats As A DMN Top 100 Place To Work - 224 views All Hail the new dBASE™ PLUS 11! - 200 views Top Weekly News Four-Generation Bavarian Inn Garners MichBusiness Succession Award - 2650 views Knoxville Auto Brokers Announces New Location and Showroom Expansion Grand Opening - 1152 views The Loken Group Announces Partnership With Beazer Homes - 1109 views LumenData Announces New Leadership Roles on Its Enterprise Information Management (EIM) Team - 1096 views United Premier Soccer League Announces Atlas USA FC as Championship Division Expansion Team - 991 views PTC News Lennar Grand Opens The Canyons This New Year's Eve - 468 views Williams, Kaelin, Chumlee Appearances, Magic, Music Top Entertainment At Wizard World New Orleans - 369 views PM&E is Pleased To Announce that it has Reached an Agreement with DiNelly EXOGYRO - 310 views Introducing Lennar's Redhawk Community Coming to Seattle This Spring - 286 views EVADA Aircraft is Pleased To Announce the signing of an agreement with USAID Tunisia - 158 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Get Feeds | Get Alerted | For Bloggers | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 27, 2016December 27, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Pacific Special Acquisition Corp. Announces Signing of Merger Agreement with Borqs International Holding Corp NEW YORK and SHANGHAI, Dec. 27, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Pacific Special Acquisition Corp. (“Pacific” or the “Company”, NASDAQ: PAACU, PAAC, PAACR and PAACW) announced today that it has signed a definitive merger agreement with Borqs International Holding Corp (“Borqs”), a leading global provider of smart connected devices and cloud service solutions for the Internet of Things (“IoT”) industry. Upon closing under the merger agreement, Borqs will become the operating entity of the combined company. Borqs, which is headquartered in Beijing, China with R&D centers in Bangalore, India and Beijing, was founded in 2007 by respected veterans in the communication technologies industry from Canada, China, India and the United States. Borqs has world renowned investors including Intel Capital, Norwest Venture Partners, SK Telecom China Fund, Keytone Ventures and GSR Ventures. Following the closing and pursuant to the merger agreement, the Borqs founders and key executives are expected to remain as key executives of the combined company and continue to drive business growth. Borqs, through its subsidiaries and variable interest entities, is principally engaged in the provision of commercial grade Android connected device software and hardware products and mobile virtual network operator (“MVNO”) services in China. Borqs had consolidated revenue of US$75.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, and net income of US$0.8 million and anticipates a 40% growth in revenue for 2016. Borqs’ revenues from its Android connected device software and hardware sales are primarily from international markets and revenues from its MVNO business are primarily from providing voice / data plans and mobile communication services in China. Borqs intends to introduce its IoT products and cloud solutions in 2017 to its MVNO network to generate additional recurring revenue. Yaqi Feng, Chief Operating Officer of Pacific, remarked, “On behalf of Pacific, our sponsor, Zhengqi International Holding Limited, and our sponsor’s parent, Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., we are extremely excited about the merger with Borqs. Our team looked at many opportunities in a variety of industry sectors and determined that the transaction with Borqs would provide the greatest value to our shareholders. Borqs is a leading IoT company backed by some of the world’s leading investors, all of whom will become shareholders in the new company. Borqs covers both Chinese and Indian fast growing markets, as well as developed markets such as the United States and Japan.  We are extremely excited about the opportunities ahead for this company.” Pat Chan, founder, Chairman and CEO of Borqs, also expressed his confidence in the proposed merger and of Borqs becoming a U.S. public company. “We believe that as a company with its shares listing on Nasdaq, Borqs can achieve its goals faster within the IoT industry; taking advantage of the resources from the public capital markets to bring innovations to commercially viable products and services quickly, motivate our workforce and grow together with our customers and partners to new and higher levels.” Transaction Details Under the terms of the merger agreement, Borqs will merge with and into a newly formed subsidiary of Pacific, with Borqs continuing as the surviving company. Shareholders of Borqs will receive ordinary shares of Pacific, holders of Borqs warrants will receive replacement warrants of Pacific and Borqs outstanding options will be assumed by Pacific (with the number of shares and exercise price of Borqs warrants and options being adjusted based on the merger consideration payable to Borqs shareholders).  Pacific will issue ordinary shares to Borqs shareholders in the merger at a price of US$10.40 per Pacific share based on a valuation of Borqs of US$303 million. The valuation and number of shares issued will be reduced by the net debt of the Company as of the closing and subject to adjustment based on Borqs’ net working capital as of the closing and Pacific’s transaction expenses as of the closing.  4% of the Pacific shares payable to Borqs shareholders in the merger will be held in escrow to cover any claims made pursuant to Borqs’ indemnification obligations under the merger agreement in the 18 months period following the closing. The board of directors of Pacific after the closing will be classified into 3 classes and consist of 7 directors, 2 of which will be appointed by Pacific (with at least 1 being an independent director), 3 of which will be appointed by Borqs (with at least 1 being an independent director), and 2 other independent directors mutually agreed upon by Pacific and Borqs. The transaction is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including stockholder approvals of both Pacific and Borqs (although in connection with the merger agreement, Pacific received voting agreements from the requisite shareholders of Borqs necessary to approve the transactions), Pacific’s continued listing on Nasdaq Capital Markets and Pacific having at the closing (before reasonable expenses) at least $24 million of trust proceeds (together with proceeds of any private placement of Pacific stock prior to the closing). The transaction is expected to close promptly following Pacific’s special shareholders’ meeting to approve the transaction. Upon and immediately following the consummation of the transaction, assuming no Pacific shareholder redemptions and no adjustment to the  valuation of Borqs, it is anticipated that the shareholders of Borqs will collectively own approximately 78% of Pacific’s outstanding ordinary shares, and Pacific’s existing shareholders will retain an ownership interest in the remaining approximately 22%. It is expected that after the closing, Pacific will change its name to “Borqs Technologies, Inc.” EarlyBird Capital, Inc. is acting as financial advisor to Pacific. Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, King & Wood Mallesons and Ogier are acting as legal advisors to Pacific, and Fenwick & West LLP, Maples and Calder and Han Kun Law Offices are acting as legal advisors to Borqs. The description of the transaction contained herein is only a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the definitive agreement relating to the transaction, a copy of which will be filed by Pacific with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K. About Borqs Borqs is recognized as a global leader in smart connected devices and IoT solutions. Deloitte named Borqs as one of the fastest growing technology companies in China & Asia Pacific in 2011, 2012 & 2013. In 2013, 2014 and 2015, Borqs was awarded the Company of the Year for Innovation & Leadership in Mobile Technology for Asia Pacific from the International Alternative Investment Review. Recently Borqs received the “50 Most Promising IoT Solution Providers 2016” recognition from CIO Review magazine. Borqs has a proven track record in design, development and commercial shipments of various Android devices and is a Google GMS licensed partner. Qualcomm has chosen Borqs as a strategic partner for its Android based platforms. Borqs developed the world first 4G connected wearable with Qualcomm and launched the world’s first FDD/TDD combined carrier aggregation 4.75G Android phone for Reliance Jio in India. OEMs such as Vizio and Motorola, operators like AT&T and Sprint in the U.S. and Reliance Jio in India, and IoT solution providers to restaurants, utility, public safety, hospitality categories are examples of Borqs’ broad customer base and target markets. Borqs’ believes that its modular platform architecture and its ability to tailor Android for various vertical applications and form factors, together with its flexible Borqs-ware platform, are keys to its success. Borqs has a deep pipeline of products ranging from tablets, phones, smartwatches, smart appliances, POS terminals, digital signage, to automobile IVI, for various well known international brands. About Pacific Pacific is a blank check company, also commonly referred to as a Special Purpose Acquisition Company, or SPAC, formed for the purpose of acquiring, engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets of, entering into contractual arrangements, or engaging in any other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. The Company’s efforts to identify a target business have not been limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although it intends to focus efforts on seeking a business combination with a company or companies that have their primary operations located in Asia, with an emphasis on China. Pacific is sponsored by Zhengqi International Holding Limited, a subsidiary of Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., a publicly traded company in China (Ticker 601099.SS).  LH Group Holdings Inc., the largest shareholder of Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., invests in financial services, clean energy as well as golf course and resort businesses globally and currently has billions of U.S. dollars in assets. Additional Information About the Transaction and Where to Find it The proposed transaction will be submitted to shareholders of Pacific for their approval. In connection with that approval, Pacific intends to file with the SEC a proxy statement containing information about the proposed transaction and the respective businesses of Borqs and Pacific. Pacific will mail a definitive proxy statement and other relevant documents to its shareholders. Pacific shareholders are urged to read the preliminary proxy statement and any amendments thereto and the definitive proxy statement in connection with Pacific’s solicitation of proxies for the special meeting to be held to approve the proposed transaction, because these documents will contain important information about Pacific, Borqs and the proposed transaction. The definitive proxy statement will be mailed to shareholders of Pacific as of a record date to be established for voting on the proposed transaction. Shareholders will also be able to obtain a free copy of the proxy statement, as well as other filings containing information about Pacific, without charge, at the SEC’s website (www.sec.gov) or by calling 1-800-SEC-0330. Copies of the proxy statement and other filings with the SEC can also be obtained, without charge, by directing a request to Zhouhong Peng at pengzh@tpyzq.com or Yaqi Feng, fengyq@tpyzq.com, +1 (646) 512-5674 or +(86) 21-61376584. Participants in the Solicitation Pacific and its directors and executive officers and other persons may be deemed to be participants in the solicitations of proxies from Pacific’s shareholders in respect of the proposed transaction. Information regarding Pacific’s directors and executive officers is available in its annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 28, 2016. Additional information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests will be contained in the proxy statement when it becomes available. Disclaimer This communication shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which the offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes “forward-looking statements” that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what is expected. Words such as “expects”, “believes”, “anticipates”, “intends”, “estimates”, “seeks”, “may”, “might”, “plan”, “possible”, “should” and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future results, based on currently available information and reflect Pacific management’s current beliefs. A number of factors could cause actual events or results to differ materially from the events and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among other things: the possibility that the merger will not close or that the closing may be delayed because conditions to the closing may not be satisfied, including shareholder and other approvals, the performances of Pacific and Borqs, and the ability of the combined company to meet the NASDAQ Capital Market’s listing standards; the reaction of Borqs customers to the merger; unexpected costs, liabilities or delays in the transaction; the outcome of any legal proceedings related to the transaction; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the transaction agreement; and general economic conditions. In addition, please refer to the Risk Factors section of Pacific’s Form 10-K, its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for additional information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward looking statements. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, Pacific disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. SOURCE Pacific Special Acquisition Corp. CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Frost & Sullivan Recognizes Teleperformance's Leadership in Global Corporate Social Responsibility Next PostNext Huntkey Launches its First Automatic Cooker Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Samsung Electronics Unveils Family Hub 2.0 and Smart Built-in Appliances at CES 2017 January 3, 2017 Coast Guard assists disabled vessel in Morris Cove, Conn. January 3, 2017 MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 World Patent Ratings Issues First Round of 2017 Intangible Asset Valuation Reports For Internet Software and Service Providers January 3, 2017 Satellites can improve regional air quality forecasting January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: iBall launches CompBook i360 convertible device for Rs.12,999 in India 2 by Pradeep  @pradeepviswav Dec 27, 2016 at 15:12 GMT6 days ago Indian OEM iBall recently announced their latest Windows 10 device, iBall CompBook i360. iBall CompBook i360 is a convertible device powered by 1.84 GHz Intel Quad Core Processor and 2GB DDR3 RAM. The main highlight of the device is its RDS3T hinge (Robust Double Spindle 360° Technology) which allows users to convert their device into four modes: Laptop, Tablet, Stand Mode and Tent Mode. The 11.6-inch HD touch display and a touch pad with multi-touch functionality offer the best computing experience in whichever mode you choose. You can enjoy up to 7 hours video playback with its 10,000mAh Li-Polymer battery. It comes with the following connectivity options, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n Bluetooth (Ver. 4.0) Mini HDMI 1 x USB 2.0 1 x USB 3.0 Mr. Sandeep Parasrampuria, Director and CEO of iBall said the following regarding the launch, In this era of touch screen devices, our strategic partnership with Microsoft and Intel has created a seamless combination of futuristic design and functionality. The iBall CompBook i360 is by far the most affordable Touch Screen and 360 Convertible laptop in the market. Outfitted with the finest, the i360 powered by Windows 10 will strike the right connect with the dynamic needs of today’s first-time aspiring user audience, looking for a touch-based laptop. This device will be available in an in-vogue soft gold color this week from retailers across the country and it costs Rs.12,999. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related availability convertible iBall CompBook i360 india Pricing tablet windows Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Exclusive: Windows 10 Creators Update set to be released on April 2017 by Mehedi Hassan 0 Trending Leaked slide suggests Samsung’s Galaxy S8 Android phone may come with a Continuum-like desktop solution by Surur 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast 2016’s Microsoft Moments by Andrew Bennett on December 30, 2016 Vernon E. L. Smith and Andrew Bennett are back again for the last episode of 2016! This week both Vernon and Andrew look at some of their favorite Microsoft moments from the past year. You c... Subscribe Now Windows 10 Specs of Qualcomm’s first ARM processor capable of running Windows 10 leaked by Sean Chan on January 2, 2017 Qualcomm is set to launch its next-gen Snapdragon processor at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. The company’s upcoming Snapdragon processor, the Snapdragon 835 will be its f... Majority of Steam users finally on Windows 10 by Surur It’s taken a while, but Windows 10 users finally outnumber the number of Steam users on other computing users on the gaming platform. In the latest Steam Hardware Survey report for Ja... Exclusive: Windows 10 Creators Update set to be released on April 2017 by Mehedi Hassan Last October at the Windows 10 event in New York City, Microsoft officially unveiled the Windows 10 Creators Update, codenamed “Redstone 2.” At the event, Microsoft stated that the updat... Dell finally introduces a convertible XPS 13 by Mehedi Hassan Dell’s recent XPS devices are definitely one of the prettiest laptops you can get right now. The company’s Edge-to-Edge displays are simply beautiful looking, but there’s b... Dell’s new convertible XPS 13 leaks ahead of CES 2017 by Mehedi Hassan The Consumer Electronics Show starts tomorrow in Las Vegas. CES is where most new Windows devices were revealed in the past several years, and this year it probably won’t be any differ... Deals Deals Microsoft launch a $20 post-holidays Xbox One discount, available for $279 If you managed to miss all the great Xbox One discounts this holiday season, or maybe want to spend some of the cash gifts you received last week, Microsoft has a deal for you. They are offe... Deal Alert: Snag a 200GB Micro SD card from Amazon for just $63 Out of space of your Surface or Windows phone? Amazon is offering the 200GB Sandisk Micro SD memory card for jut $63 in the USA today. Ideal for premium Android-based smartphones and tablets... Deal Alert: Microsoft begins second week of Xbox countdown deals, offering 50% c... Microsoft has released the second week of their Xbox Countdown deals, and you can purchase the following Xbox One games from up to 60% off. While the initial game list was full of A-Listers ... Deal: Get 10% off Surface Book devices in the UK Amazon UK is now offering 10% discount on Surface Book devices. You can get £130 discount on the entry-level Surface Book model. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB/model is now availa... Deal Alert: Last 12 hours to get ReCore for Xbox One half-price for just $19.99 You can still get the popular adventure game ReCore for just $19.99 from the Microsoft Store. Experience a new masterpiece from Keiji Inafune and the makers of Metroid Prime. Explore a dyna... Microsoft cuts $300 from most Surface Pro 4 models till 31st December, Core i5 m... If you have any pennies left over from Christmas for the New Year’s sales Microsoft is happy to help relieve your wallet of that burden. The company is now offering up to $300 off most... Deal Alert: Save £60 on the Sandisk Ultra 256 GB microSD card, only 7 hours lef... A microSD card is a quick and easy way to add storage to your phone or PC, and if your PC has a SD card slot, with the right adapter is the perfect way to add back-up and versioning to your ... Deal: Get $100 discount on HTC VIVE VR System, plus free $100 gift code and two ... You can now get the HTC VIVE VR system for $699 ($100 discount) from Microsoft Store in the US. Along with the discount, you can also get free $100 Microsoft Store gift card and two free gam... Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover for £699 Argos UK is now selling Surface Pro 4 device with 128GB / Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover for just £699. You can also save £20 on Microsoft Office 365 when bought with this devic... Deal: Get the recently released ‘Final Fantasy XV’ on Xbox One for o... Online retailer Amazon has been offering tons of deals this holiday season in an effort to help you with your gift giving, and one of the retailer’s ongoing perks, the Gold Box’ ... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Pacific Special Acquisition Corp. Announces Signing of Merger Agreement with Borqs International Holding Corp News provided by Pacific Special Acquisition Corp. Dec 27, 2016, 08:00 ET Share this article NEW YORK and SHANGHAI, Dec. 27, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Pacific Special Acquisition Corp. ("Pacific" or the "Company", NASDAQ: PAACU, PAAC, PAACR and PAACW) announced today that it has signed a definitive merger agreement with Borqs International Holding Corp ("Borqs"), a leading global provider of smart connected devices and cloud service solutions for the Internet of Things ("IoT") industry. Upon closing under the merger agreement, Borqs will become the operating entity of the combined company. Borqs, which is headquartered in Beijing, China with R&D centers in Bangalore, India and Beijing, was founded in 2007 by respected veterans in the communication technologies industry from Canada, China, India and the United States. Borqs has world renowned investors including Intel Capital, Norwest Venture Partners, SK Telecom China Fund, Keytone Ventures and GSR Ventures. Following the closing and pursuant to the merger agreement, the Borqs founders and key executives are expected to remain as key executives of the combined company and continue to drive business growth. Borqs, through its subsidiaries and variable interest entities, is principally engaged in the provision of commercial grade Android connected device software and hardware products and mobile virtual network operator ("MVNO") services in China. Borqs had consolidated revenue of US$75.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, and net income of US$0.8 million and anticipates a 40% growth in revenue for 2016. Borqs' revenues from its Android connected device software and hardware sales are primarily from international markets and revenues from its MVNO business are primarily from providing voice / data plans and mobile communication services in China. Borqs intends to introduce its IoT products and cloud solutions in 2017 to its MVNO network to generate additional recurring revenue. Yaqi Feng, Chief Operating Officer of Pacific, remarked, "On behalf of Pacific, our sponsor, Zhengqi International Holding Limited, and our sponsor's parent, Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., we are extremely excited about the merger with Borqs. Our team looked at many opportunities in a variety of industry sectors and determined that the transaction with Borqs would provide the greatest value to our shareholders. Borqs is a leading IoT company backed by some of the world's leading investors, all of whom will become shareholders in the new company. Borqs covers both Chinese and Indian fast growing markets, as well as developed markets such as the United States and Japan.  We are extremely excited about the opportunities ahead for this company." Pat Chan, founder, Chairman and CEO of Borqs, also expressed his confidence in the proposed merger and of Borqs becoming a U.S. public company. "We believe that as a company with its shares listing on Nasdaq, Borqs can achieve its goals faster within the IoT industry; taking advantage of the resources from the public capital markets to bring innovations to commercially viable products and services quickly, motivate our workforce and grow together with our customers and partners to new and higher levels." Transaction Details Under the terms of the merger agreement, Borqs will merge with and into a newly formed subsidiary of Pacific, with Borqs continuing as the surviving company. Shareholders of Borqs will receive ordinary shares of Pacific, holders of Borqs warrants will receive replacement warrants of Pacific and Borqs outstanding options will be assumed by Pacific (with the number of shares and exercise price of Borqs warrants and options being adjusted based on the merger consideration payable to Borqs shareholders).  Pacific will issue ordinary shares to Borqs shareholders in the merger at a price of US$10.40 per Pacific share based on a valuation of Borqs of US$303 million. The valuation and number of shares issued will be reduced by the net debt of the Company as of the closing and subject to adjustment based on Borqs' net working capital as of the closing and Pacific's transaction expenses as of the closing.  4% of the Pacific shares payable to Borqs shareholders in the merger will be held in escrow to cover any claims made pursuant to Borqs' indemnification obligations under the merger agreement in the 18 months period following the closing. The board of directors of Pacific after the closing will be classified into 3 classes and consist of 7 directors, 2 of which will be appointed by Pacific (with at least 1 being an independent director), 3 of which will be appointed by Borqs (with at least 1 being an independent director), and 2 other independent directors mutually agreed upon by Pacific and Borqs. The transaction is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including stockholder approvals of both Pacific and Borqs (although in connection with the merger agreement, Pacific received voting agreements from the requisite shareholders of Borqs necessary to approve the transactions), Pacific's continued listing on Nasdaq Capital Markets and Pacific having at the closing (before reasonable expenses) at least $24 million of trust proceeds (together with proceeds of any private placement of Pacific stock prior to the closing). The transaction is expected to close promptly following Pacific's special shareholders' meeting to approve the transaction. Upon and immediately following the consummation of the transaction, assuming no Pacific shareholder redemptions and no adjustment to the  valuation of Borqs, it is anticipated that the shareholders of Borqs will collectively own approximately 78% of Pacific's outstanding ordinary shares, and Pacific's existing shareholders will retain an ownership interest in the remaining approximately 22%. It is expected that after the closing, Pacific will change its name to "Borqs Technologies, Inc." EarlyBird Capital, Inc. is acting as financial advisor to Pacific. Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, King & Wood Mallesons and Ogier are acting as legal advisors to Pacific, and Fenwick & West LLP, Maples and Calder and Han Kun Law Offices are acting as legal advisors to Borqs. The description of the transaction contained herein is only a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the definitive agreement relating to the transaction, a copy of which will be filed by Pacific with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") as an exhibit to a Current Report on Form 8-K. About Borqs Borqs is recognized as a global leader in smart connected devices and IoT solutions. Deloitte named Borqs as one of the fastest growing technology companies in China & Asia Pacific in 2011, 2012 & 2013. In 2013, 2014 and 2015, Borqs was awarded the Company of the Year for Innovation & Leadership in Mobile Technology for Asia Pacific from the International Alternative Investment Review. Recently Borqs received the "50 Most Promising IoT Solution Providers 2016" recognition from CIO Review magazine. Borqs has a proven track record in design, development and commercial shipments of various Android devices and is a Google GMS licensed partner. Qualcomm has chosen Borqs as a strategic partner for its Android based platforms. Borqs developed the world first 4G connected wearable with Qualcomm and launched the world's first FDD/TDD combined carrier aggregation 4.75G Android phone for Reliance Jio in India. OEMs such as Vizio and Motorola, operators like AT&T and Sprint in the U.S. and Reliance Jio in India, and IoT solution providers to restaurants, utility, public safety, hospitality categories are examples of Borqs' broad customer base and target markets. Borqs' believes that its modular platform architecture and its ability to tailor Android for various vertical applications and form factors, together with its flexible Borqs-ware platform, are keys to its success. Borqs has a deep pipeline of products ranging from tablets, phones, smartwatches, smart appliances, POS terminals, digital signage, to automobile IVI, for various well known international brands. About Pacific Pacific is a blank check company, also commonly referred to as a Special Purpose Acquisition Company, or SPAC, formed for the purpose of acquiring, engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets of, entering into contractual arrangements, or engaging in any other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. The Company's efforts to identify a target business have not been limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although it intends to focus efforts on seeking a business combination with a company or companies that have their primary operations located in Asia, with an emphasis on China. Pacific is sponsored by Zhengqi International Holding Limited, a subsidiary of Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., a publicly traded company in China (Ticker 601099.SS).  LH Group Holdings Inc., the largest shareholder of Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., invests in financial services, clean energy as well as golf course and resort businesses globally and currently has billions of U.S. dollars in assets. Additional Information About the Transaction and Where to Find it The proposed transaction will be submitted to shareholders of Pacific for their approval. In connection with that approval, Pacific intends to file with the SEC a proxy statement containing information about the proposed transaction and the respective businesses of Borqs and Pacific. Pacific will mail a definitive proxy statement and other relevant documents to its shareholders. Pacific shareholders are urged to read the preliminary proxy statement and any amendments thereto and the definitive proxy statement in connection with Pacific's solicitation of proxies for the special meeting to be held to approve the proposed transaction, because these documents will contain important information about Pacific, Borqs and the proposed transaction. The definitive proxy statement will be mailed to shareholders of Pacific as of a record date to be established for voting on the proposed transaction. Shareholders will also be able to obtain a free copy of the proxy statement, as well as other filings containing information about Pacific, without charge, at the SEC's website (www.sec.gov) or by calling 1-800-SEC-0330. Copies of the proxy statement and other filings with the SEC can also be obtained, without charge, by directing a request to Zhouhong Peng at pengzh@tpyzq.com or Yaqi Feng, fengyq@tpyzq.com, +1 (646) 512-5674 or +(86) 21-61376584. Participants in the Solicitation Pacific and its directors and executive officers and other persons may be deemed to be participants in the solicitations of proxies from Pacific's shareholders in respect of the proposed transaction. Information regarding Pacific's directors and executive officers is available in its annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 28, 2016. Additional information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests will be contained in the proxy statement when it becomes available. Disclaimer This communication shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which the offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes "forward-looking statements" that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what is expected. Words such as "expects", "believes", "anticipates", "intends", "estimates", "seeks", "may", "might", "plan", "possible", "should" and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future results, based on currently available information and reflect Pacific management's current beliefs. A number of factors could cause actual events or results to differ materially from the events and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among other things: the possibility that the merger will not close or that the closing may be delayed because conditions to the closing may not be satisfied, including shareholder and other approvals, the performances of Pacific and Borqs, and the ability of the combined company to meet the NASDAQ Capital Market's listing standards; the reaction of Borqs customers to the merger; unexpected costs, liabilities or delays in the transaction; the outcome of any legal proceedings related to the transaction; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the transaction agreement; and general economic conditions. In addition, please refer to the Risk Factors section of Pacific's Form 10-K, its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for additional information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward looking statements. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, Pacific disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pacific-special-acquisition-corp-announces-signing-of-merger-agreement-with-borqs-international-holding-corp-300383614.html SOURCE Pacific Special Acquisition Corp. Related Links http://www.tpyzq.com Oct 27, 2015, 16:30 ET Preview: Pacific Special Acquisition Corp. Ordinary Shares, Rights and Warrants to Commence Separate Trading on October 29, 2015 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Pacific Special Acquisition Corp. Announces Signing of Merger Agreement with Borqs International Holding Corp News provided by Pacific Special Acquisition Corp. Dec 27, 2016, 08:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Computerworld After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point Artificial intelligence progress expected to continue to accelerate in coming year Sharon Gaudin (Computerworld (US)) 27 December, 2016 22:00 - - - - print email Comments For artificial intelligence, 2016 has been a big year. After years of researchers saying artificial intelligence (A.I.) was on the cusp of a revolution, the technology has made major advances this past year. And now, finally, the beginnings of that major A.I. revolution seem to be here. "It's been a huge year in A.I.," said Patrick Moorhead, an analyst with Moor Insights & Strategy. "We've seen industry giants -- like Microsoft, Google, Amazon, IBM, Intel, and Nvidia -- either make A.I. their company 'north star' or add and advance the craft with new offerings to democratize A.I." In this past year, the land grab for anything A.I. was one of the most noticeable aspects of this industry. For instance, in this past year alone, at least 20 artificial intelligence companies have been acquired, according to CB Insights, a tech market analysis company. In 2016, Apple acquired Emotient, Tuplejump, and Turi, while Salesforce bought PredictionIQ and MetaMind; Google picked up Api.ai and Moodstocks; and Intel acquired Itseez, Nervana Systems and Movidius. Twitter, eBay, Oracle, Amazon, Microsoft, and GE also acquired A.I. companies. Some of the companies getting scooped up were startups, meaning the big companies were often as interested in the A.I. researchers as much as the technology they were working on. That's because big players in, and out, of the tech industry see the writing on the wall. A.I. is going to be a big player, whether it's being used to help customers pick out the perfect jacket online, or give them directions around an accident on their commute home, find fraudulent action on client accounts, or interact with clients and customers using voice commands, text, and chat apps. Executives at online retailer 1-800-Flowers, for instance, say artificial intelligence technology is so important that it will completely change their business. "We are on the cusp of a change as big as when e-commerce hit," said Chris McCann, president and CEO of 1-800-Flowers.com, in an interview this fall. "It's giving us the opportunity to have such deep relationships with our customers that it'll be like the company hasn't existed before." This past May, Google showed how focused it is on A.I. during its annual Google I/O developers conference, unveiling A.I.-powered products like Google Assistant, its Google Home device, the Allo chat app and the Duo video chat app. And this past October, IBM president and CEO Ginni Rometty said during a keynote at the company's World of Watson conference that in the next five years, every major decision -- personal or business -- will be made with the help of IBM's Watson A.I. system. A statement like that takes a lot of confidence in advances coming in the technology. "We are about where I expected we'd be in the industry but, be aware, this is a moving bar and one big breakthrough could change this dynamic dramatically. And there are a lot of people in the hunt for that breakthrough," said Rob Enderle, an analyst with the Enderle Group. "Next year, we'll see a lot more smart systems, an increasingly capable group of smart assistants and far more self-driving, and even self-flying, vehicles being tested." In other words, in the coming year artificial intelligence advances may begin to cascade, instead of simply inch forward. And A.I. itself could begin to fuel that progress. "Right now, A.I. is largely being created by humans," said Enderle. "The big wave will likely come when A.I. systems are more aggressively used to create future A.I. systems. When that happens, the speed of advancement will likely follow less of a linear scale and more of an algorithmic one." For Moorhead, he thinks 2017 will see an increasing number of companies using artificial intelligence-based platforms in their apps and services. "I also think we will start to see enterprises jumping onto the A.I. bandwagon," he added. "I expect the Tesla full autonomous car capabilities will be close to be turned on... I don't believe we're yet at the tipping point [with A.I.] but we are close. The tipping point will likely happen next year as A.I. makes its way into more apps." Dave Schubmehl, an analyst with IDC, said he too expects to see more enterprises adopting A.I. technologies in the coming year. "I think we'll see a significant increase in the distribution and use of A.I. that is embedded within enterprise applications, providing guidance, recommendations, and predictions," he said. "I think we're on track as far as what we're seeing in the marketplace." Schubmehl, however, said while there have been strong advances in conversational A.I. systems, he's disappointed there haven't been more advances in consumer-focused digital assistants. Moorhead, agreed, adding, "Intelligent agents, like Alexa and Siri, are behind where I thought they'd be." They're hoping, though, that 2017 will see that turn around. Transforming Venues Through Digital Enterprise Practice More from Avaya Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AppleeBayGEGoogleHomeIBMIntelMicrosoftNvidiaOracleTeslaTwitter Editor's Recommendations Former CBA IT exec jailed for role in kickback scheme Data retention: Government consults on use of data in civil court action Vodafone to launch cyber security centre ATO commissions review after ‘worst unplanned outage in recent memory’ Microsoft’s Pip Marlow to join Suncorp ASX CIO Tim Thurman to return to Canada Read more Veeam Resources Centre Related Whitepapers Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner The Smarter, Faster Way to Move to Windows 10. Why Cloud Computing is the Future How to Stay Protected Against Ransomware Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Former Ericsson ANZ chief joins Telstra as CTO New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile Why Azure’s cloud chief believes Microsoft is in prime position In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
null
null
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE TrackR Unveils New Pixel and Wallet 2.0 Trackers Dell Unveils 27-inch Ultrathin Monitor WARNING: Opening This Malicious Text Will Break Your Messages App [Video] Apple to Seed iOS 10.3 With New Theater Mode on January 10th? Apple's AirPods Rendered in Jet Black! [Images] Check Out This Huge 1.7 Gigapixel Aerial Image of Apple Campus 2 Samsung Unveils New Curved Quantum Dot Monitor Kanex Unveils Magnetic Charging Stand and Portable Keychain Battery for Apple Watch Apple to Cut iPhone Production By 10% in Q1 2017 [Report] Foxconn Aims to Fully Automate Entire Factories in Three Phases HandBrake 1.0.0 Released After More Than 13 Years of Development [Download] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted December 27, 2016 at 1:52am by iClarified · 18681 views · Translate HandBrake, the popular open source video transcoder, has reached 1.0 after more than 13 years of development. After more than 13 years of development, the HandBrake Team is delighted to present HandBrake 1.0.0. Thank you to all of our many contributors over the years for making HandBrake what it is today. We again remind everyone that the HandBrake Website is the only official source for HandBrake. Downloads are not mirrored on any third-party services, excepting the Linux PPA. For more information on downloading and installing HandBrake safely, please read Where to get HandBrake. Alongside the new release, HandBrake has received new online documentation which is less technical in nature and provides easy to read step-by-step workflows for making video. You can find details on what's new in HandBrake 1.0.0 below. Hit the link to download the latest version for free. Download CHANGELOG: General - New online documentation at https://handbrake.fr/docs - Completely overhauled the official presets - New general use presets for broad compatibility - New device presets, now more up-to-date for common devices - New web presets - New Matroska (MKV) presets, including VP9 video with Opus audio - Official presets from HandBrake 0.10.x are still available under "Legacy" - New JSON-based preset system including command line support - New JSON-based API for interacting with libhb - Improvements to audio/video sync engine to better handle difficult sources - Many miscellaneous bug fixes and improvements (over 1700 code commits!) Video - VP9 video encoding via libvpx - Intel QuickSync Video H.265/HEVC encoder - Requires Intel Skylake or newer CPU - Ultra HD / 4K color pass through (support for BT.2020) - Additional standard frame rate selections in the graphical interfaces - New Auto anamorphic mode maximizes storage resolution, replaces Strict anamorphic mode - New Pad filter (command line only for now) - New Decomb/Deinterlace filter settings and improved defaults - Rotate filter now available in all graphical interfaces - New NLMeans filter tunes Tape and Sprite for analog tape recordings and vintage video games, respectively - Assembly optimizations NLMeans filter improve performance up to 10% - Assembly optimizations in x264 encoder improve performance for faster presets by 5-10% - x265 encoder quality improvements, especially when using tune grain - High bit depth encoding support via external shared libraries (video pipeline is still 8-bit 4:2:0) - x264 10-bit - x265 10-bit and 12-bit Audio - Opus audio encoding/decoding via libopus - Passthru now supports E-AC-3, FLAC, and TrueHD audio formats Subtitles - Improved subtitles rendering for some languages via HarfBuzz - Miscellaneous subtitles improvements Command line interface - Presets can now be imported and exported from the command line and are compatible with the graphical interfaces - Queue exported from the graphical interfaces can now be imported by the command line interface (Linux and Windows only for now) Build system - Add scripts to manually build and install Mac and MinGW-w64 (compile for Windows on Linux) toolchains - Add support for multiple source URLs for third-party downloads - Add SHA256 hash verification for third-party downloads - Add configure parameter to disable or filter allowed third-party downloads (see configure --help) - Use HTTPS everywhere; the few cases where a third-party does not provide packages over https, handbrake.fr does - New targets on Mac to install and uninstall after building - Add flatpak packaging support (experimental) Third-party libraries - Updated libraries - FreeType 2.6.5 (subtitles) - Fontconfig 2.12.1 (subtitles) - FriBidi 0.19.7 (subtitles) - Libav 12 (encoding/decoding/muxing) - libass 0.13.2 (subtitles) - libbluray 0.9.3 (Blu-ray decoding) - libmfx v6.0.0 (Intel QuickSync Video encoding/decoding) - libvpx 1.5.0 (VP8/VP9 video encoding) - x264 148 r2708 (H.264/AVC video encoding) - x265 2.1 (H.265/HEVC video encoding) - New libraries - HarfBuzz 1.3.0 (subtitles) - libopus 1.1.3 (Opus audio encoding) Linux - Add options for saving and loading queue files - Removed system tray icon due to performance issues on Ubuntu - Usability improvements - Miscellaneous bug fixes Mac - Updated all tooltips - Added undo/redo support to the graphical interface - Improved drag and drop support - Added Open Recent to the File menu - Added Add Titles to Queue... to the File menu (batch queueing) - Preview prompts to open in an external application when the internal player does not support the format - Preview now displays volume and audio/subtitles language selection during playback - Picture and Filters settings are now part of the main window - Settings are preserved when selecting a new title (instead of reloading the last selected preset) - Improved support for importing/exporting comma-separated (.csv) chapter markers - Queue is now automatically paused when available disk space is low - When Done action can now be changed directly from the Queue window - When Done notification is now interactive (reveals the encoded file in Finder) - Activity Log window is now searchable (press "?"+"f" to activate) - XQuartz is no longer required for subtitle burn-in - Updated Sparkle software update library - Enabled DSA signature checking for improved security - Usability improvements - Miscellaneous bug fixes Windows - Graphical interface now uses libhb directly, instead of sending commands to the command line interface - Encoding can now be paused and resumed - Stopping encoding will finalize the partial file to be playable - Reduced installer and install size - The command line interface is no longer included in the graphical interface installer - Update checker now verifies the signature of the update file for improved security - Added support for quality-based audio encoding - Added ability to import tab-separated (.tsv), XML (.xml), and plain text (.txt) chapter markers - Improved the "configure default" options for audio and subtitles - Default audio track behavior is now configurable - Subtitles burn-in behavior is now configurable - Removed DirectX Video Acceleration (DXVA) hardware-accelerated video decoding - Was causing many issues without providing sufficient improvement to decoding efficiency - May be added again at a later date if performance and stability improves - Usability improvements - Miscellaneous bug fixes Follow iClarified Comments (10) Add Comment ooo - December 28, 2016 at 3:27pm In a another 13 years I might take a look at it again. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Captain Japan - December 27, 2016 at 3:01pm It took long enough!! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Gggnckfiirhrbksjsjdbfndmksbdbdmdk - December 27, 2016 at 11:31am Still no video passthrough lol Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Bretterson - December 27, 2016 at 7:10am @Lawrence: Hopefully the new documentation will remedy that. I think the HandBrake UI is fairly good, there are just a lot of options I'm unfamiliar with, which is no fault of the devs. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Lawrence Standifer Stevens - December 27, 2016 at 7:00am The problem with open source source software — and this just MY experience — is that it is quite often built by programmers for extreme power users. Meaning, that it is lacking in the human interface niceties that most of us have come to expect in easy-to-use software. That's kind of what I've found with HandBrake. It does the job it claims to do but it is not very pleasant to use. If I had more than a couple of videos to convert, I'd most likely look elsewhere for a more polished tool. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam 5 More Comments Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
null
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article Fast-Food Stocks: What to Watch in 2017 Expect more change in the industry Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 7 Resolutions to Make If You Want to Get Rich Add more cash in your wallet in 2017 My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Technology Stock Roundup: Apple, Nokia Fight Over Patents December 28, 2016, 04:37:00 PM EDT By Sejuti Banerjea, Zacks.com Shutterstock photo Top news last week were patent infringement-related lawsuits between Nokia NOK and Apple AAPL as well as strong results from Micron MU .   A closer look at the top stories- Apple-Nokia Patent Fight This year has been a relatively quiet one as far as patent infringement cases are concerned, but the series of lawsuits and counter suits between Apple and Nokia indicate that things are again changing in the final two weeks.   It appears that Apple has a license for some standard-essential patents that Nokia holds, but it refused to license certain others that it uses, possibly because Nokia was asking for higher rates than would be required under the fair and reasonable terms, or FRAND policy typically used in case of standard essential patents. Nokia subsequently transferred some patents to patent assertion authorities (PAEs) that likely aren't bound by the letter of FRAND rules. PAEs Acacia and Conversant (recently hired former Apple director of patent licensing and strategy Boris Teksler as its new CEO) subsequently filed lawsuits against Apple. Last week, Apple filed a countersuit: "With its cell phone business dying, Nokia began to seek out willing conspirators and to commence its illegal patent transfer scheme in full force; that scheme has continued in full effect to the present. The driving force behind Nokia's strategy was to diffuse its patent portfolio and place it in the hands of PAEs. Acacia and Conversant were its chief conspirators." In response, Nokia filed separate lawsuits in Germany and the U.S. including with the ITC covering 32 patents related to technologies such as display, user interface, software, antennae, chipsets and video coding. Later it expanded its lawsuits to 9 more countries (Finland, UK, Italy, Sweden, Spain, Netherlands, France, Hong Kong and Japan) with the number of alleged patent infringements extending to 40. Around 18 of these patents were named in the Texas lawsuit. Nokia is looking to make a comeback in the cell phone market through a 10-year agreement with HMD. It had earlier sold its struggling phone business to Microsoft, which recently offloaded it to a newly formed company called HMD. Micron Reports Q1 Results Micron reported encouraging first-quarter results with both the top and bottom lines ahead of the Zacks Consensus Estimates. Results were helped by strong demand, with margins benefiting from a higher mix of 3D NAND and stronger pricing. The stronger pricing came from tight DRAM supply problems associated with the industry wide transition from planar to 3D NAND that also limited supply for NAND. These dynamics along with accretion from the Inotera acquisition will remain positives going forward. Read more: Micron (MU) Tops on Q1 Earnings & Revenues, Guides Strong Company Last  Week Last 6 Months YTD AAPL +0.47% +24.75% +10.69% FB -2.16% +3.43% +12.72% GOOGL -0.25% +14.40% +6.73% MSFT +1.51% +26.30% +16.82% INTC +1.82% +14.92% +9.16% CSCO -0.20% +6.00% +16.21% AMZN +0.37% +6.51% +14.51% Other stories - Corporate Apple Manufacturing in India : Following discussions with Indian regulatory authorities, Apple has been allowed to open retail stores in India on the understanding that it will procure 30% of components from Indian manufacturing operations within 3 years. The WSJ now reports that Apple has drawn up such a plan and asked for financial incentives and Indian government officials are considering Apple's proposal. Apple's largest iPhone assembler, Honhai Precision (Foxconn), that also offers similar services to Nokia and other companies, has been scouting for properties that indicate several manufacturing facilities. The company already has one facility in Southern India. However, Foxconn hasn't yet offered any statement on the matter.  India is an important market for Apple because it is set to become the second largest smartphone market behind China next year (IDC estimates) and Apple has a very small share. Moreover, Apple will also be able to sell other products in the country. Optimism on Facebook Instagram : Suntrust Robinson has said in a research note that Facebook's FB Instagram's 600 million-strong user base (or the accelerated growth of a 100 million users in the last six months) suggests that the company can beat his 2017 revenue estimate of $3.5 billion. Moreover, the service is expected to account for a larger share of Facebook revenue. New features that mimic Snapchat have helped the platform attract younger Internet users and ad load remains low, two factors that should drive its growth. Goldman Likes NVIDIA : Goldman Sachs's Toshiya Hari (as reported by Barron's) raised the price target on NVIDIA and put the shares on their conviction buy list. The reason for optimism is NVIDIA's unique position with respect to strong growth markets like virtual reality, machine learning and automotive electronics. The total addressable market in machine learning and artificial intelligence is around $5-10 billion and although Intel has a big share of the total Web 2.0 market, NVIDIA is expected to grow its share on the strength of its machine learning prowess. Piper, Morgan Stanley Like Microsoft : Piper Jaffray analysts say that Microsoft's MSFT cloud revenue (defined as Azure, Office 365 (commercial + consumer), LinkedIn and a portion of the Dynamics franchise) will grow at a CAGR of 33% through fiscal 2019, with this business moving from 11.5% to 30.6% of total revenue with gross margins moving from 42% to 60%. The analysts see pent up demand for Azure that will be supported by Office 365 (user base to increase 26% through 2019) and LinkedIn (estimated to reach $5.7 billion by 2019) to result in a hyper-growth story. Morgan Stanley analysts say that Microsoft's broad distribution channels with LinkedIn's Sales Navigator, Talent Solutions and Lynda.com/LinkedIn Learning products will help it increase monetization of both individual and commercial user bases, increase engagement, and create valuable integration and upsell opportunities with Microsoft Office 365 and Dynamics 365. While LinkedIn revenue comes for higher gross margins than Microsoft's Productivity and Business Processes segment, it carries higher operating expenses. But if Microsoft can make the most of the potential revenue synergies, the analysts expect an FY19 EPS upside of up to 20 cents. Microsoft Wins DoD Contract : The Department of Defense has awarded Microsoft a $927 million contract for technical support and consulting services. This follows the deal in February, when the DoD signed up for Windows 10 to all four million of its employees within 12 months. New Google Privacy Policy : Consumer Watchdog and Privacy Rights Clearinghouse has filed a complaint alleging that the changes Alphabet's GOOGL Google made to its privacy policy in June "intentionally misled users, who had no way to discern from the wording that Google was breaking from a nearly decade-old practice and asking them if it could link their personal information to data reflecting their behavior on as many as 80 percent of the internet's leading websites." Google's response was to the effect that the change was to improve user experience as its services are increasingly used across devices. Google's statement also said, "it is 100 percent optional - if users do not opt-in to these changes, their Google experience will remain unchanged." Google Deal with Cuba : Google has signed a deal with Cuba's state telecommunications company, La Empresa de Telecomunicaciones de Cuba to set up computer servers in the island nation where content such as popular YouTube videos may be saved for quicker transmission to the growing Internet population. The country with 11.2 million people had just 150K daily Internet users last year, but the encouraging point is that this was more than double the number in the previous year. Amazon Echo Sells Out : Amazon AMZN sold out of its A.I.-powered Echo speakers that it had earlier discounted for the holidays. The Echo, which normally sells for $180 was priced at $140 while the Dot was sold for $40, i.e. $10 off its regular price. It's being speculated that Amazon misread demand, or it wouldn't have discounted them so heavily. Amazon is miles ahead of Google Home, its next competitor in the space, especially because it has opened the platform to third-party developers that are now building home products around Alexa. But the discounting probably makes sense because Google Home sells at $129, so this would have been a good time for the device to make inroads. Twitter CTO Out : Twitter's chief technology officer, Adam Messinger, and product VP Josh McFarland left the company last week. Twitter has seen a steady outflow of high-level executives all through this year including the VPs of Product, Commerce, Global Media, Engineering, HR, Business Development, Communications and Global Online Sales. The GM of Vine and COO/Head of Sales were other departures. While some continue to hope for a turnaround surrounding video, the constant brain drain does paint a bleak picture. Legal/Regulatory Facebook on Government Data Requests : Facebook said that total government requests for data on Facebook users rose 27% from 59,229 from 46,710 with more than half the requests accompanied with non-disclosure orders preventing the company from informing users. U.S. law enforcement agencies made the largest number of requests. Content restriction requests dropped 83% from last year, but mainly because of accelerated requests last year related to the Paris attacks. For the first time, Facebook also said that it received 38,675 user information preservation requests for 67,129 accounts. EU Says Facebook's WhatsApp Deal Misleading : The European Union's competition regulator has said that it believes that Facebook misrepresented its technical capabilities to match WhatsApp user accounts with Facebook accounts when it filed for approval of the acquisition. The deal is still expected to go through, but Facebook may be required to pay a fine of up to 1% of its current revenue. Facebook is required to file its response by Jan 31, 2017. The company maintains that it has provided all relevant information as requested and also voluntarily, but when approval was sought in 2014, it didn't have the capability. But now that it's able to match users across its services, it can, for the first time, determine the total number of unique users across its services.    Germany Wants Payment for Fake News : The German government headed by German Christian Democrats' (CDU's) Angela Merkel has decided to bring a law to force Facebook to take down fake news religiously. The government is reportedly looking to fine Facebook 500K euros (around $522K) for each case where it fails to take down fake news within a day after it is flagged. The government fears Russia's influence in the polls, particularly since the democrats blamed Facebook for fake stories and claimed that they clinched the President's title for Donald Trump. Merkel is contesting for a fourth term.   Alibaba's Counterfeit Problems Continue : Alibaba was reinstated on the U.S. Trade Representative's (USTR) annual list of global marketplaces that carry counterfeit or pirated goods. The list is intended to single out companies and countries that do not attempt to stop counterfeiters and can influence American policy makers. Alibaba's problems are related to Taobao, where rights holders are having difficulty removing counterfeits. Michael Evans, president of Alibaba Group responded: "We are very disappointed by the USTR's decision to include Taobao on its 'notorious markets' list, as we are far more effective and advanced in IPR protection than when the USTR took us off the list four years ago. "The decision ignores the real work Alibaba has done to protect IP rights holders and assist law enforcement to bring counterfeiters to justice. We question whether the USTR acted based on the actual facts or was influenced by the current political climate." New Technology/Products MacBook Pro Problems : For the first time, a Macbook received a negative feedback from Consumer Reports magazine due to its faulty/inconsistent batteries. As stated in the magazine, "the 13-inch model with the Touch Bar ran for 16 hours in the first trial, 12.75 hours in the second, and just 3.75 hours in the third," the magazine said, whereas normal variance is 5% from trial to trial. Instagram Stickers : Instagram has introduced stickers to its "Stories" and direct messaging services, two features that help it compete with Snapchat. The platforms have gained popularity because of the feature that enables sharing of photos and video that disappear after 24 hours or after two views. Since the content becomes unavailable after a period, engagement is generally high. Facebook Messenger Gets Group Video Chat : Facebook added a new feature to the desktop version of Messenger, Macs and Android. Accordingly groups of up to 50 can do a chat although smaller groups of up to 6 will have greater visibility. If the number of people on the chat exceeds six, only the dominant speaker will be visible to the others. Microsoft Testing Payments API : Microsoft is testing Payment Request API, a developer solution for easier in-browser payments. Microsoft has limited presence on mobile platforms although it is still the dominant player in desktops. Since the bulk of ecommerce still takes place on desktops, this is a good start. The facility will be available on the new Edge browser and is connected to Microsoft's wallet. So once users enter their information into the mobile wallet, they won't need to do it each time they want to buy thus driving demand for the wallet. There might also be a solution down the line for those using other browsers. Google Smartwatches for 2017 : Google is getting ready to launch a new line of smartwatches in 2017 in partnership with an undisclosed hardware maker. The watches will carry the manufacturer's brand but run on Android, be supported by Google's new voice assistant and include Android Pay. M&A and Collaborations Google Waymo Meets Honda : Honda has announced that it is advanced talks with Google's Waymo to install its "fully self-driving sensors, software and computing platform" in Honda vehicles. The agreement would help Honda get its self driving cars on the road faster while also speeding up Waymo's revenue generation through partnership with smaller automakers with more limited budgets.   Silver Lake in Alibaba Funding Round : Alibaba's on-demand services unit Koubei is close to securing $1.2 billion of funding for expansion. The leading investors are Silver Lake Management, China Investment Corp., Yunfeng Capital (a fund backed by Alibaba co-founder Jack Ma) and China's sovereign wealth fund. IBM Watson in Retail : IBM has announced that South Korea's Lotte Group will use Watson's AI capabilities to "maximize insights from the huge amount of structured and unstructured customer data collected through its various channels, including the Lotte Members program, deriving valuable learnings about customer preferences and product feedback." Some Numbers Cowen Survey on IT Spending : A survey of 118 IT executives through November and December revealed that 75% expect 2017 budgets to move higher with "uncharacteristically strong average in excess of 6%." Cowen analysts estimate this will translate to 2-3% increase in 2017 spending. Networking is expected to grow as a share of total spend (38% of respondents say their networking spend will increase 11% while 59% say their spending will increase by 6%). Moreover, only 2% expect to reduce their networking spend. The survey is particularly positive for Cisco because 35% of respondents expect to spend more with the company, 17% will be first-time buyers, 35% expect to spend the same and only 3% expect to spend less. Zacks' Best Investment Ideas for Long-Term Profit Today you can gain access to long-term trades with double and triple-digit profit potential rarely available to the public. Starting now, you can look inside our stocks under $10, home run and value stock portfolios, plus more. Want a peek at this private information? Click here >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report AMAZON.COM INC (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis Report NOKIA CP-ADR A (NOK): Free Stock Analysis Report APPLE INC (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report MICROSOFT CORP (MSFT): Free Stock Analysis Report MICRON TECH (MU): Free Stock Analysis Report FACEBOOK INC-A (FB): Free Stock Analysis Report ALPHABET INC-A (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. This article appears in: Investing , Business , Stocks Referenced Symbols: AMZN , NOK , AAPL , MSFT , MU More from Zacks.com Subscribe Run-DMC is Suing Amazon, Walmart & Jet.com for Trademark Infringement IBM & Rice University Partner to Build a Robot for the Elderly Alibaba (BABA) to Expand to India with Office in Mumbai Related Stocks Articles Subscribe How Under Armour Could Sprint Past Its Footwear Sales Goals 1/02/2017 02:16 PM 5 Cheapest Bank Stocks Right Now 1/02/2017 02:09 PM Best Cable Stocks of 2016 1/02/2017 02:05 PM Contributor: Zacks.com Equity Research Follow on: Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated Argentina sparks trade war by nationalizing YPF Eurozone risk grows as Spanish yields top 6 percent End of the euro as we know it End of a nuclear era in Japan helps push oil prices higher Mad Men 2.0: Advertising in the Digital Age 3 Myths About Marijuana Stocks Top Trading Opportunities for 2017 Tesla Motors, Inc. Shines in Consumer Reports Survey View All Highest Rated Find a Credit Card Select a credit card product by:  Card Type  Credit Score  Card Issuer Select an offer: 0% APR Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Balance Transfer Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Charge Cards Charge Cards for Business EMV Smart Chips Gas Cards & Auto Rewards Home Improvement Rewards Credit Cards Instant Approval Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards No Annual Fee Credit Cards No Foreign Transaction Fee Credit Cards Points Rewards Credit Cards Prepaid & Debit Cards Reward Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Top 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers Bad Credit Credit Quality Average Credit Quality Excellent Credit Quality Fair Credit Quality Good Limited or No Credit History Personal Loans Barclaycard Capital One Capital One Cash Back Capital One Fair Credit Capital One Miles Capital One Points Capital One Prepaid Credit Cards Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover Discover Cashback Discover Miles Discover Student Credit Cards MasterCard Credit Cards U.S. Bank USAA USAA Savings Visa Credit Cards Search Data Provided by BankRate.com Stocks Referenced AMZN 84% Rate It NOK 74% Rate It AAPL 86% Rate It MSFT 85% Rate It MU 88% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 28, 2016December 28, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Accused Chinese hackers made millions off insider trading info – CNET The three alleged hackers are accused of installing malware on two law firm’s servers, using their emails as insider information on billion dollar deals. Photo by James Martin/CNET The US district attorney charged three Chinese citizens for hacking two law firms and making more than $4 million from the information they allegedly stole. The three men, identified as Iat Hong, Bo Zheng and Chin Hung, are accused Read more => Accused Chinese hackers made millions off insider trading info - CNET CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Search resumes for missing snowshoers in B.C. Next PostNext How food bank donations in the city help people with kidney disease in remote First Nations Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Samsung Electronics Unveils Family Hub 2.0 and Smart Built-in Appliances at CES 2017 January 3, 2017 Coast Guard assists disabled vessel in Morris Cove, Conn. January 3, 2017 MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 World Patent Ratings Issues First Round of 2017 Intangible Asset Valuation Reports For Internet Software and Service Providers January 3, 2017 Satellites can improve regional air quality forecasting January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content News Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Marketplace Shopping DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search News 2016 Presidential Election Politics Crime Education Investigations Texas Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person News Commentary North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Chinese hackers charged with trading on stolen law firm data Filed under World at 5 days ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Wire Services Connect with Wire Services Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now (Bloomberg) - Three Chinese hackers made more than $4 million in illicit profits after breaking into the servers of top corporate law firms in New York, the U.S. said in announcing charges and the arrest of one of the men. The three targeted at least seven major international law firms that had been retained by companies to advise on deals and successfully got into the e-mail accounts of senior lawyers at two of the firms, according to the indictment unsealed Tuesday. They profited on deals and speculation involving the drug maker Intermune, chipmaker Intel Corp. and business services company Pitney Bowes Inc., the U.S. said. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission also sued and is seeking an asset freeze. The case places law firms among the widening group of targets for cybercriminals seeking to profit from insider information. Last year, the U.S. broke up an international ring of hackers who allegedly infiltrated the computer servers of PRNewswire Association LLC, Marketwired and Business Wire and stole market-moving press releases before they were published. According to the SEC, the group, which included Ukrainians and a Georgian, made more than $100 million from trading on the information. "This case of cyber meets securities fraud should serve as a wake-up call for law firms around the world," Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said in the statement. The three men - Iat Hong and Chin Hung, 50, of Macau, and Bo Zheng, 30, of China - worked at a robotics company that was started by Zheng, according to the government. Hong, 26, was arrested in Hong Kong on Christmas Day and is awaiting extradition. The SEC is also seeking to freeze an account registered in Hong's mother's name. Hackers stole information from more than 1 billion Yahoo accounts In addition to the law firms, they also hacked other robotics companies, the U.S. said. They allegedly stole schematic designs of a robot vacuum cleaner made by a U.S. company. The three generally used the same tactics to get the information, according to the U.S. They would get the log-in credentials of an employee and place malware on a server that allowed them to access the e-mails of key people at the firms and companies, according to the indictment. In a one-day period in 2014, they took 10 gigabytes of confidential data from one law firm's server, the U.S. said. They weren't always successful, the U.S. said. During one six-month period in 2015, the three men allegedly tried on more than 100,000 occasions to break into the networks of five law firms. The law firms weren't identified in the complaints. The Wall Street Journal reported in March that Cravath Swaine & Moore LLP and Weil Gotshal & Manges LLP were among the targeted law firms. Amy Fantini, a Weil, Gotshal & Manges spokeswoman, declined to comment on the charges. Cravath Swaine & Moore didn't respond to a request for comment. Intermune Buy The three men allegedly bought shares of Intermune based on the information gleaned from the hacked data. Though the deal didn't close, they still made money as shares rose on media reports that the company was seeking a tie-up, the U.S. said. Intermune was ultimately purchased by Roche AG. Cravath advised Intermune on the deal. In another deal, the group allegedly bought shares in chipmaker Altera Corp. after Intel had retained one of the law firms to advise on an acquisition. They scored $1.4 million in profits on the trade amid media reports of the pending deal, and sold their shares before it was publicly announced, according to the indictment. Weil Gotshal was one of the law firms advising Intel on the deal. Using information gleaned from a second law firm, the trio also bought shares of Borderfree, an online commerce site that was an acquisition target of Pitney Bowes, the U.S. said. They made a profit of $841,000 on the trades after the deal was announced on May 18, 2015, according to the indictment. Prior to the Borderfree takeover, Hong and Chin bought so much of the company's stock that on certain days the two accounted for 25 percent or more of the company's trading volume, according to the SEC complaint. By Christian Berthelsen / Bloomberg Hackers broadcast racist message to Charter TV customers in Dallas area View Comments Tags World News Crime Business Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to News More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2016, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Security Accused hackers make millions off insider trading info Accused hackers make millions off insider trading info Three Chinese men allegedly hacked two New York law firms and made more than $4 million from the information they stole. Security by Alfred Ng December 28, 2016 1:11 PM PST @alfredwkng Up Next The robots are coming to CES, and we can't wait to meet them The three alleged hackers are accused of installing malware on two law firms' servers and using stolen emails as insider information on billion-dollar deals.Photo by James Martin/CNET The US district attorney charged three Chinese citizens for hacking two law firms and making more than $4 million from the information they allegedly stole. The three men, identified as Iat Hong, Bo Zheng and Chin Hung, are accused of targeting law firms that specialized in mergers and acquisitions and hacking their email servers to siphon off insider trading scoops. The three had targeted seven law firms in New York, and successfully breached two unnamed firms, Preet Bharara, the US district attorney for New York, said in a statement on Tuesday. "This case of cyber meets securities fraud should serve as a wake-up call for law firms around the world: You are and will be targets of cyber hacking, because you have information valuable to would-be criminals," Bharara said in the statement. The hackers were able to buy shares for cheap before anyone else knew how much they would shoot up in value from the acquisition, investigators said. Hong, Zheng and Hung looked to hack the lawyers who were helping these deals go through, according to the district attorney's office. That's how they were able to make $1.4 million off of Intel's $16.7 billion merger with Altera in March 2015, officials said. Hong, Zheng and Hung had accessed one of the law firm's web server as early as July 2014 through illegally obtained credentials of one of its employees and installed malware on the server, according to the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The trio had a list of 11 partners at the law firm who could provide the most valuable information. The malware helped the three men allegedly steal about 2.8 gigabytes of insider trading information, including an email on January 29, 2015 that included the deal terms and the proposed price Altera would be purchased for by the chipmaker. On 26 occasions, the alleged thieves purchased shares of Altera stock, netting more than 210,000 shares before selling it for a $1.4 million profit. After Intel's acquisition, Altera's share price had jumped by $9, 26 percent more than what they bought it for. Between August 1 and August 9, 2014, the three men also stole more than 50 gigabytes of confidential details from that law firm's email server, prompting them to buy 18,000 shares of Intermune stock before the drug maker was sold to Roche AG -- netting the accused hackers $380,000 in profit. They did the same for another New York law firm, targeting the firm's mergers and acquisitions partners, and installing malware on the servers. They allegedly made $841,000 off Borderfree, an e-commerce company, after it was acquired by Pitney Bowes in 2015. The US district attorney's office said this happened on at least 10 other deals, all using information the three hackers allegedly stole from the two law firms. While they weren't successful in hacking into the other five law firms, the three are accused of attempting to breach the servers on more than 100,000 occasions. The three are also accused of hacking into rival robotics companies and stealing confidential designs from their email servers between April 2014 and late 2015. Zheng, Hong and Hung were involved in a start-up robotics company, according to the affidavit (PDF). The three face at least 50 years in prison for their 13 charges and are awaiting extradition for an appearance in January. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Security Hacking Intel Related Stories Russian hackers strike at US electrical grid, report says Putin ignores Obama's sanctions for election hacking attacks Obama retaliates against Russia over election hacking The FDA doesn't want your pacemaker to get hacked Close   Discuss: Accused hackers make millions off insider... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: The robots are coming to CES, and we can't wait to meet them Iyaz's Top 5 favorite gadgets The host of "Top 5" lets you know which devices he's thrilled with. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:57 Most anticipated tech coming in 2017 Get a taste of what gadget wonders this year holds in store. by Bridget Carey Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies China plans to land rover on Mars by 2020 Business Standard Qualcomm fined $854 mn by S Korean regulators The regulator ruled firm abused its dominant market position Se Young Lee & Stephen Nellis  |  Sejong/San Francisco  December 28, 2016 Last Updated at 23:45 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TK5XOL ALSO READ South Korea prosecutors request arrest warrant for Lotte chairman Shin Dong-bin South Korean antitrust regulator fines Qualcomm $865 mn South Korea's president colluded in corruption scandal: prosecutors South Korea MPs defy President Park Geun-Hye with China visit North Korea arrests defector who 'worked as South Korea agent' South Korea’s antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm 1.03 trillion won ($854 million) for what it called unfair business practices in patent licensing and modem chip sales, a decision the US chipmaker said it will challenge in court.   The fine, the largest ever levied in South Korea, marks the latest antitrust setback for Qualcomm’s most profitable business of licensing wireless patents to the mobile industry, at a time when the business is facing headwinds from a cooling smartphone market.   The Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) ruled on Wednesday Qualcomm abused its dominant market position and forced handset makers to pay royalties for an unnecessarily broad set of patents as part of sales of its modem chips.   Qualcomm also restricted competition by refusing or limiting licensing of its standard essential patents related to modem chips to rival chipmakers such as Intel Corp, Samsung Electronics Co and MediaTek Inc, the regulator said, hindering their sales and leaving their products vulnerable to lawsuits.   The regulator ordered Qualcomm to negotiate in good faith with rival chipmakers on patent licensing and renegotiate chip supply agreements with handset makers if requested - measures that would affect the US firm’s dealings with major tech companies including Apple, Intel, Samsung and Huawei Technologies Co Ltd if upheld.   The KFTC said it began its investigations into Qualcomm’s practices in 2014 following complaints from industry participants, but did not name specific companies.   Foreign companies including Apple, Intel, MediaTek and Huawei expressed their views during the regulator’s deliberation process, KFTC Secretary General Shin Young-son told a media briefing in the country’s administrative capital.   “We investigated and decided on these actions because Qualcomm’s actions limit overall competition,” Shin said, adding that the ruling was not about protecting domestic companies such as Samsung and LG Electronics but about improving market competition for all players.   Qualcomm said it will file for an immediate stay of the corrective order and appeal the decision to the Seoul High Court. The firm will also appeal the amount of the fine and the method used to calculate it.   “Qualcomm strongly disagrees with the KFTC’s announced decision,” it said in a statement.              The decision in Seoul could mean lower costs for mobile phone makers and others in the tech supply chain who source Qualcomm chips, said a Taiwanese industry executive, declining to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter.   The fine is the latest in a series of antitrust rulings and investigations faced by Qualcomm from regulators across the globe. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals.   Stacy Rasgon, an analyst with AB Bernstein, said the fine itself was large but also said the KFTC’s orders for Qualcomm to alter its business practices have bigger future implications for the chipmaker.   A major challenge for Qualcomm, he said, would emerge if the ruling forces the company to license patents for some of its chips to rivals such as Intel, which has been competing hard to land its modem chips in mobile phones.   “How can they force you to license to a competitor? That’s what I never understood. I guarantee Qualcomm won’t want to do that,” he said, adding that the dispute could take years to play out in South Korean courts.   The KFTC fined Qualcomm 273 billion won in 2009 for abusing its dominant position in CDMA modem chips, which were then used in handsets made by Samsung and LG.   Regulators in other jurisdictions, including the United States and Taiwan, are also investigating Qualcomm. The KFTC move could serve as a benchmark for some of them.   “Korea’s decision will serve as an important reference point for us,” Chiu Yung-ho, vice chairman and spokesman for Taiwan’s Fair Trade Commission, told Reuters. He gave no timeline on when Taiwan’s own year-long investigation would be concluded.   Read More On Qualcomm | South Korea | Court | Kftc | Shin Young-son PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Moving a business from mobile ready to Mobile First Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online The Power of the Hybrid Cloud Rs 3 lakh health coverage at Rs 11 per day Qualcomm fined $854 mn by S Korean regulators The regulator ruled firm abused its dominant market position The regulator ruled firm abused its dominant market position South Korea’s antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm 1.03 trillion won ($854 million) for what it called unfair business practices in patent licensing and modem chip sales, a decision the US chipmaker said it will challenge in court.   The fine, the largest ever levied in South Korea, marks the latest antitrust setback for Qualcomm’s most profitable business of licensing wireless patents to the mobile industry, at a time when the business is facing headwinds from a cooling smartphone market.   The Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) ruled on Wednesday Qualcomm abused its dominant market position and forced handset makers to pay royalties for an unnecessarily broad set of patents as part of sales of its modem chips.   Qualcomm also restricted competition by refusing or limiting licensing of its standard essential patents related to modem chips to rival chipmakers such as Intel Corp, Samsung Electronics Co and MediaTek Inc, the regulator said, hindering their sales and leaving their products vulnerable to lawsuits.   The regulator ordered Qualcomm to negotiate in good faith with rival chipmakers on patent licensing and renegotiate chip supply agreements with handset makers if requested - measures that would affect the US firm’s dealings with major tech companies including Apple, Intel, Samsung and Huawei Technologies Co Ltd if upheld.   The KFTC said it began its investigations into Qualcomm’s practices in 2014 following complaints from industry participants, but did not name specific companies.   Foreign companies including Apple, Intel, MediaTek and Huawei expressed their views during the regulator’s deliberation process, KFTC Secretary General Shin Young-son told a media briefing in the country’s administrative capital.   “We investigated and decided on these actions because Qualcomm’s actions limit overall competition,” Shin said, adding that the ruling was not about protecting domestic companies such as Samsung and LG Electronics but about improving market competition for all players.   Qualcomm said it will file for an immediate stay of the corrective order and appeal the decision to the Seoul High Court. The firm will also appeal the amount of the fine and the method used to calculate it.   “Qualcomm strongly disagrees with the KFTC’s announced decision,” it said in a statement.              The decision in Seoul could mean lower costs for mobile phone makers and others in the tech supply chain who source Qualcomm chips, said a Taiwanese industry executive, declining to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter.   The fine is the latest in a series of antitrust rulings and investigations faced by Qualcomm from regulators across the globe. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals.   Stacy Rasgon, an analyst with AB Bernstein, said the fine itself was large but also said the KFTC’s orders for Qualcomm to alter its business practices have bigger future implications for the chipmaker.   A major challenge for Qualcomm, he said, would emerge if the ruling forces the company to license patents for some of its chips to rivals such as Intel, which has been competing hard to land its modem chips in mobile phones.   “How can they force you to license to a competitor? That’s what I never understood. I guarantee Qualcomm won’t want to do that,” he said, adding that the dispute could take years to play out in South Korean courts.   The KFTC fined Qualcomm 273 billion won in 2009 for abusing its dominant position in CDMA modem chips, which were then used in handsets made by Samsung and LG.   Regulators in other jurisdictions, including the United States and Taiwan, are also investigating Qualcomm. The KFTC move could serve as a benchmark for some of them.   “Korea’s decision will serve as an important reference point for us,” Chiu Yung-ho, vice chairman and spokesman for Taiwan’s Fair Trade Commission, told Reuters. He gave no timeline on when Taiwan’s own year-long investigation would be concluded.   Se Young Lee & Stephen Nellis Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Qualcomm fined $854 mn by S Korean regulators The regulator ruled firm abused its dominant market position South Korea’s antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm 1.03 trillion won ($854 million) for what it called unfair business practices in patent licensing and modem chip sales, a decision the US chipmaker said it will challenge in court.   The fine, the largest ever levied in South Korea, marks the latest antitrust setback for Qualcomm’s most profitable business of licensing wireless patents to the mobile industry, at a time when the business is facing headwinds from a cooling smartphone market.   The Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) ruled on Wednesday Qualcomm abused its dominant market position and forced handset makers to pay royalties for an unnecessarily broad set of patents as part of sales of its modem chips.   Qualcomm also restricted competition by refusing or limiting licensing of its standard essential patents related to modem chips to rival chipmakers such as Intel Corp, Samsung Electronics Co and MediaTek Inc, the regulator said, hindering their sales and leaving their products vulnerable to lawsuits.   The regulator ordered Qualcomm to negotiate in good faith with rival chipmakers on patent licensing and renegotiate chip supply agreements with handset makers if requested - measures that would affect the US firm’s dealings with major tech companies including Apple, Intel, Samsung and Huawei Technologies Co Ltd if upheld.   The KFTC said it began its investigations into Qualcomm’s practices in 2014 following complaints from industry participants, but did not name specific companies.   Foreign companies including Apple, Intel, MediaTek and Huawei expressed their views during the regulator’s deliberation process, KFTC Secretary General Shin Young-son told a media briefing in the country’s administrative capital.   “We investigated and decided on these actions because Qualcomm’s actions limit overall competition,” Shin said, adding that the ruling was not about protecting domestic companies such as Samsung and LG Electronics but about improving market competition for all players.   Qualcomm said it will file for an immediate stay of the corrective order and appeal the decision to the Seoul High Court. The firm will also appeal the amount of the fine and the method used to calculate it.   “Qualcomm strongly disagrees with the KFTC’s announced decision,” it said in a statement.              The decision in Seoul could mean lower costs for mobile phone makers and others in the tech supply chain who source Qualcomm chips, said a Taiwanese industry executive, declining to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter.   The fine is the latest in a series of antitrust rulings and investigations faced by Qualcomm from regulators across the globe. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals.   Stacy Rasgon, an analyst with AB Bernstein, said the fine itself was large but also said the KFTC’s orders for Qualcomm to alter its business practices have bigger future implications for the chipmaker.   A major challenge for Qualcomm, he said, would emerge if the ruling forces the company to license patents for some of its chips to rivals such as Intel, which has been competing hard to land its modem chips in mobile phones.   “How can they force you to license to a competitor? That’s what I never understood. I guarantee Qualcomm won’t want to do that,” he said, adding that the dispute could take years to play out in South Korean courts.   The KFTC fined Qualcomm 273 billion won in 2009 for abusing its dominant position in CDMA modem chips, which were then used in handsets made by Samsung and LG.   Regulators in other jurisdictions, including the United States and Taiwan, are also investigating Qualcomm. The KFTC move could serve as a benchmark for some of them.   “Korea’s decision will serve as an important reference point for us,” Chiu Yung-ho, vice chairman and spokesman for Taiwan’s Fair Trade Commission, told Reuters. He gave no timeline on when Taiwan’s own year-long investigation would be concluded.   Se Young Lee & Stephen Nellis Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
null
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,327 Reviews & Articles | 53,559 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: MSI GeForce 1050 GAMING X 2G Video Card (Give Feedback & Win!) TRENDING NOW: New Call of Duty Vietnam game teased by Sledgehammer Home News Motherboards Motherboard makers are excited for AMD's new Ryzen CPUs AMD's next-gen Ryzen CPUs has motherboard makers excited for 'aggressive' orders as they believe demand will be high By: Anthony Garreffa | Motherboards News | Posted: 5 days, 6 hours ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA I've been excited for AMD's next-gen Zen CPU architecture since day one, and that excitement has built up over the last 12 months into the official Ryzen CPU architecture AMD teased earlier this month.     Ryzen will rock up to 16 threads of CPU performance with an 8-core processor starting at 3.4GHz, and performance in the levels of the Core i7-6800K and 6900K from Intel. Now we're hearing that motherboard makers have been "rather aggressive about placing orders" for Ryzen-capable motherboards, as they "believe demand for the new platform will increase AMD's share in the worldwide desktop processor market in the second quarter of 2017", reports DigitTimes.   Better yet, we're getting an idea of how far along the Ryzen CPU and compatible motherboards are, with DigiTimes' report continuing: "The sources pointed out that they have started receiving high-end X370, mainstream B350 and entry-level A320 chipsets from AMD and are now in the final stage of finishing related testing and motherboard designing".   AMD is expected to launch its 8-core/16-thread Ryzen CPU in the final weeks of February, or early March. AMD should fully unveil Ryzen at CES 2017 next week, as well what I'm hoping will be a better look at Vega. Recommended for You ASRock Fatal1ty and Extreme4 Z270 motherboards detailed... MSI's next-gen Z270 motherboards teased, Kaby Lake... Colorful's iGame Z270 mobos teased, ready for Kaby... ASUS 100 series motherboards will support Kaby Lake... >> NEXT STORY: Samsung Galaxy A Series will make its debut on January 5 << PREVIOUS STORY: Lenovo's new laptops rock clean Win 10, next-gen storage Related Tags AMD AMD Ryzen GIGABYTE AMD ASUS AMD MSI AMD AMD Zen Zen Ryzen ASUS GIGABYTE MSI Intel Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Dell's new XPS 13 is a surprise 2-in-1 foldable tablet Nintendo Switch and Wii U third party partners compared Liberty City is coming to GTA V thanks to new mod CNN demonstrates Russian hacking with Fallout 3 pic Prey developer promises PC version is 'really flawless'View More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Amped Wireless Apollo Pro Long Range HD Camera Review Lost mac adress after downgrading bios from f20 to f8 z170x g7 Marvell-based PCIe SSD card (AHCI) not detected on Z77X-U5DH Asus K53SD black screen How do I print wirelessly with my wireless router + multiple computers?View More Forum Posts Press Releases Das Keyboard to demo the world's first cloud-connected keyboard at CES 2017 Samsung unveils CH711 curved quantum-dot monitor SK Hynix to construct a cutting-edge NAND flash FAB in Cheongju MSI and Phanteks launch new front USB 3.1 Type-C solutions ViewSonic reveals the VP2771 27-inch monitor with SuperClear IPS panelView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Law & Disorder / Civilization & Discontents South Korea slaps Qualcomm with record-setting $850M fine Largest-ever penalty said to be warranted by Qualcomm's unfair patent licensing. by Joe Mullin - Dec 28, 2016 8:20 pm UTC Login to bookmark 47 Qualcomm displays some of its patents on a wall in its headquarters in San Diego, California. Nathan Rupert / flickr South Korean regulators say that Qualcomm's patent-licensing methods violate Korean unfair competition laws, and the company must pay a fine of 1.03 trillion won, or about $850 million or £695 million. Qualcomm has said it will fight the massive fine in court. The Korea Fair Trade Commission, or KFTC, held that Qualcomm refused to license certain standard-essential patents on its chips to rival chipmakers including Intel, Samsung, and MediaTek. The commission ordered Qualcomm to renegotiate those licenses in good faith, according to a Reuters report on the matter. The fine is the largest ever issued in Korea. In its report on the Korean fine, Bloomberg notes that Qualcomm makes most of its profits, about $6.5 billion in its most recent year, from selling the rights to its chip technology. Qualcomm "has violated its agreement to license patents on fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory terms, known as FRAND," the Commission said in a statement. In response, Qualcomm issued a statement calling the fine "an unprecedented and insupportable decision, relating to licensing practices that have been in existence in Korea and worldwide for decades." Qualcomm also said the KFTC has shown no evidence of any harm to competition, which it claims is "robust among chip and handset suppliers" because Qualcomm's model promotes competition. The fine undermines incentives to invest. "Importantly, this decision does not take issue with the value of Qualcomm’s patent portfolio," said Qualcomm general counsel Don Rosenberg. "Qualcomm’s enormous R&D investments in fundamental mobile technologies and its broad-based licensing of those technologies to mobile phone suppliers and others have facilitated the explosive growth of the mobile communications industry in Korea and worldwide." The KFTC directive won't become official until it issues a written decision and order, which typically takes about four to six months. Qualcomm has said it will immediately appeal at that time. The company will still have to pay the fine within 60 days after the written order comes out, although it will be subject to adjustment or refund based on the appeal. In a separate case brought by the Korea Fair Trade Commission in 2009, Qualcomm was hit with a $209 million fine, which was the largest in Korea's history at that time. That fine is on appeal at the Korean Supreme Court, according to Bloomberg. Last year, Qualcomm was fined $975 million by Chinese anti-monopoly regulators. The company did not challenge that decision, which also set rates and conditions for Qualcomm's licensing in China. Expand full story Reader comments 47 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Joe Mullin / Joe has covered the intersection of law and technology, including the world's biggest copyright and patent battles, since 2007.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Semiconductor Short Interest Remains Mixed By Chris Lange December 28, 2016 10:45 am EST Print Email Tweet The short interest data have come out for the December 15 settlement date. It is important to note that semiconductor trends are considered to be leading indicators of technology and broader electronics demand. A strong rally in the tech sector largely pushed many of these companies to new highs, as the Dow and S&P are both trading near all-time highs. The December 15 short interest data have been compared with the previous report. Short interest moves were mixed in these selected semiconductor stocks. Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) saw its short interest increase to 78.62 million shares. The previous level was 77.66 million. Shares were last seen trading at $36.90, in a 52-week trading range of $27.68 to $38.36. Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (NASDAQ: AMD) had a short interest increase slightly to 82.81 million shares from the previous level of 82.41 million. Shares were recently trading at $11.66, in a 52-week range of $1.75 to $12.42. Note that like Intel and Micron, AMD is one of the most shorted Nasdaq stocks. Qualcomm Inc. (NASDAQ: QCOM) saw the number of its shares short drop to 18.23 million, compared to the 19.20 million reported in the previous period. Shares were changing hands at $66.45, in a 52-week range of $42.24 to $71.62. Applied Materials Inc. (NASDAQ: AMAT) short interest fell to 14.51 million shares. The previous reading was 15.56 million. Shares were trading at $33.20, in a 52-week range of $15.44 to $33.68. Micron Technology Inc. (NASDAQ: MU) saw its short interest decrease to 57.00 million shares from the previous reading of 60.02 million. Shares were trading at $22.91, in a 52-week range of $9.31 to $23.64. Broadcom Ltd. (NASDAQ: AVGO) short interest rose to 4.68 million shares in the period, from the previous 4.25 million. Shares were last seen at $180.31, in a 52-week range of $114.25 to $183.99. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Gift Return Scam Could Ruin Your Holidays SEC Issues Charges Against Chinese Traders After Law Firm Hack » Read more: Technology, semiconductors, short interest, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NYSE:AMD), Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU), Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT), Avago Technologies (NASDAQ:AVGO) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick Customer Service Hall of Shame The Worst Companies to Work For Meet the 2017 Dogs of the Dow: Massive Dividends and Expected Upside Here's The List Price Of All Boeing's Commercial Airplanes Recent Here’s The List Price Of All Boeing’s Commercial Airplanes Why 2017 May Be a Very Good Year to Sell Your House Coal Mining Firm Ramaco Files for IPO Fiat Chrysler Short Interest Soars Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How Under Armour Could Sprint Past Its Footwear Sales Goals 5 Cheapest Bank Stocks Right Now Best Cable Stocks of 2016 FTSE MIB Italy index rebounds to gain 1.3% to 19,482.57 Spain IBEX 35 index opens down 0.3% to 9,324.80 FTSE MIB Italy index opens down 0.2% to 19,206.49 Is AerCap Holdings a Great Stock for Value Investors? Incyte Treats First Patient in Phase II GVHD Study on Jakafi Norwegian Cruise: Is it a Great Stock for Value Investors? Oil prices rise as markets eye OPEC, non-OPEC production cuts Asia stocks see subdued start to 2017, dollar resumes climb Twitter China head Kathy Chen leaves company Twitter China head Kathy Chen leaves company How Under Armour Could Sprint Past Its Footwear Sales Goals 5 Cheapest Bank Stocks Right Now New Mexico Store Bans 'Obama & Other Muslims' Chef Sues Dude Ranch Owner Who Allegedly Asked For ‘Black People Food’ Former Atheist Mark Zuckerberg Gets Religion Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Lineage OS, the ROM formerly known as CyanogenMod, gets a new logo January 2, 2017 Samsung’s Galaxy S8 might feature PC functionality when connected to a monitor January 2, 2017 OnePlus starts rolling out Android Nougat OTA to OnePlus 3 and OP3T January 2, 2017 Samsung will reportedly soon reveal exactly why the Galaxy Note 7 caught fire January 2, 2017 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Microsoft Canada announces Holiday Super Sale December 17, 2016 Global tablet shipments rebound after years of sweeping decline, says report December 6, 2016 Microsoft Canada’s 12 Days of Deals promotion starts on December 5th December 2, 2016 Can Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? November 30, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables 2016 wearable technology roundup January 2, 2017 The Vive 2 will not be revealed at CES, confirms HTC December 29, 2016 Italian eyewear maker partners with InteraXon to build fashionable wearables December 24, 2016 Pokémon Go is now available on the Apple Watch December 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Samsung 128GB EVO Micro SDXC card, Goodland’s WiFi Repeater and other Amazon Canada discounts January 2, 2017 These Canadian Apple Stores have AirPods in stock December 30, 2016 Amazon’s Digital Days sale isn’t available in Canada, but here are a few tech deals December 30, 2016 Amazon patents enormous flying warehouse ‘airborne fulfillment centers’ December 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Google and Fiat Chrysler built a new Android-based infotainment system January 2, 2017 Volvo adds Skype for Business to 90 Series cars to further in-car productivity December 30, 2016 Ford’s latest autonomous Fusion Hybrid to debut at CES 2017 December 28, 2016 Panasonic dedicates $256 million to Tesla in a solar cell partnership December 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Bring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] January 1, 2017 Make your New Years resolution ‘Drink more beer’ with Untappd [App of the Week] December 31, 2016 Classic NES Megaman games land on iOS and Android in Canada on January 5th December 30, 2016 Google Play offers 80 percent off paid mobile games in year end deal December 30, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Rogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ January 2, 2017 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week January 1, 2017 Minister of Transport approves Santa to operate sleigh in Canada, reminds him to put away cellphone while driving December 23, 2016 Videotron’s Unlimited Music service adds SoundCloud to its catalogue December 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans Rogers confirms its Roam Like Home service no longer requires a Share Everything plan December 19, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 27, 2016 CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Google and Fiat Chrysler built a new Android-based infotainment system January 2, 2017 LG challenges Amazon Echo, Google Home with new line of robots January 2, 2017 Leaks surface of Asus ZenFone AR, the second Google Tango phone January 2, 2017 7 trends to expect at CES 2017 January 1, 2017 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones HTC 10, six months later December 27, 2016 OnePlus 3T Mini Review: Victory lap December 17, 2016 Huawei Nova Plus review: A solid mid-range Android for the right price December 14, 2016 Alcatel Idol 4 Review: Mid-range standout December 7, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Oculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match December 5, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Native Union’s Dock+ charging stand review: High-end charging December 10, 2016 AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive 2017 Lexus RX infotainment review: Staying the course December 28, 2016 2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connected car November 26, 2016 Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Ariana Grande is coming to the Final Fantasy universe as ‘Dangerous Woman’ January 2, 2017 Super Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing December 19, 2016 PlayStation 4 Pro Review: Generational sidestep December 9, 2016 Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest 2016 wearable technology roundup January 2, 2017 MobileSyrup’s top tech stories of 2016 December 30, 2016 Ian’s favourite things of 2016 December 30, 2016 Rose’s favourite things of 2016 December 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 101: Looking back on 2016 December 30, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 100: Ghosts of Christmas past December 16, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 99: Goodnight Pebble December 9, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 98: What’s going on with Google’s Pixel? December 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Every Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones December 29, 2016 Why I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro four thirds camera December 10, 2016 Can Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? November 30, 2016 Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Bring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] January 1, 2017 Make your New Years resolution ‘Drink more beer’ with Untappd [App of the Week] December 31, 2016 Never miss a celebration with Bizarre Holiday Calendar [App of the Week] December 24, 2016 RollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game on mobile [Game of the Week] December 24, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to upgrade from Windows Phone 8.1 to Windows 10 Mobile December 17, 2016 Canadian streaming app comparison: Netflix, CraveTV, Amazon Prime Video, Club Illico December 14, 2016 Amazon Prime Video in Canada: Complete TV and movie list December 14, 2016 How to enable Wi-Fi calling on your iPhone December 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Lineage OS, the ROM formerly known as CyanogenMod, gets a new logo January 2, 2017 Samsung’s Galaxy S8 might feature PC functionality when connected to a monitor January 2, 2017 OnePlus starts rolling out Android Nougat OTA to OnePlus 3 and OP3T January 2, 2017 Samsung will reportedly soon reveal exactly why the Galaxy Note 7 caught fire January 2, 2017 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Microsoft Canada announces Holiday Super Sale December 17, 2016 Global tablet shipments rebound after years of sweeping decline, says report December 6, 2016 Microsoft Canada’s 12 Days of Deals promotion starts on December 5th December 2, 2016 Can Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? November 30, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables 2016 wearable technology roundup January 2, 2017 The Vive 2 will not be revealed at CES, confirms HTC December 29, 2016 Italian eyewear maker partners with InteraXon to build fashionable wearables December 24, 2016 Pokémon Go is now available on the Apple Watch December 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Samsung 128GB EVO Micro SDXC card, Goodland’s WiFi Repeater and other Amazon Canada discounts January 2, 2017 These Canadian Apple Stores have AirPods in stock December 30, 2016 Amazon’s Digital Days sale isn’t available in Canada, but here are a few tech deals December 30, 2016 Amazon patents enormous flying warehouse ‘airborne fulfillment centers’ December 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Google and Fiat Chrysler built a new Android-based infotainment system January 2, 2017 Volvo adds Skype for Business to 90 Series cars to further in-car productivity December 30, 2016 Ford’s latest autonomous Fusion Hybrid to debut at CES 2017 December 28, 2016 Panasonic dedicates $256 million to Tesla in a solar cell partnership December 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Bring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] January 1, 2017 Make your New Years resolution ‘Drink more beer’ with Untappd [App of the Week] December 31, 2016 Classic NES Megaman games land on iOS and Android in Canada on January 5th December 30, 2016 Google Play offers 80 percent off paid mobile games in year end deal December 30, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Rogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ January 2, 2017 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week January 1, 2017 Minister of Transport approves Santa to operate sleigh in Canada, reminds him to put away cellphone while driving December 23, 2016 Videotron’s Unlimited Music service adds SoundCloud to its catalogue December 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans Rogers confirms its Roam Like Home service no longer requires a Share Everything plan December 19, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 27, 2016 CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Google and Fiat Chrysler built a new Android-based infotainment system January 2, 2017 LG challenges Amazon Echo, Google Home with new line of robots January 2, 2017 Leaks surface of Asus ZenFone AR, the second Google Tango phone January 2, 2017 7 trends to expect at CES 2017 January 1, 2017 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones HTC 10, six months later December 27, 2016 OnePlus 3T Mini Review: Victory lap December 17, 2016 Huawei Nova Plus review: A solid mid-range Android for the right price December 14, 2016 Alcatel Idol 4 Review: Mid-range standout December 7, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Oculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match December 5, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Native Union’s Dock+ charging stand review: High-end charging December 10, 2016 AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive 2017 Lexus RX infotainment review: Staying the course December 28, 2016 2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connected car November 26, 2016 Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Ariana Grande is coming to the Final Fantasy universe as ‘Dangerous Woman’ January 2, 2017 Super Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing December 19, 2016 PlayStation 4 Pro Review: Generational sidestep December 9, 2016 Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest 2016 wearable technology roundup January 2, 2017 MobileSyrup’s top tech stories of 2016 December 30, 2016 Ian’s favourite things of 2016 December 30, 2016 Rose’s favourite things of 2016 December 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 101: Looking back on 2016 December 30, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 100: Ghosts of Christmas past December 16, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 99: Goodnight Pebble December 9, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 98: What’s going on with Google’s Pixel? December 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Every Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones December 29, 2016 Why I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro four thirds camera December 10, 2016 Can Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? November 30, 2016 Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Bring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] January 1, 2017 Make your New Years resolution ‘Drink more beer’ with Untappd [App of the Week] December 31, 2016 Never miss a celebration with Bizarre Holiday Calendar [App of the Week] December 24, 2016 RollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game on mobile [Game of the Week] December 24, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to upgrade from Windows Phone 8.1 to Windows 10 Mobile December 17, 2016 Canadian streaming app comparison: Netflix, CraveTV, Amazon Prime Video, Club Illico December 14, 2016 Amazon Prime Video in Canada: Complete TV and movie list December 14, 2016 How to enable Wi-Fi calling on your iPhone December 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Igor’s favourite things of 2016 Android 7.1.1 update will come to the Nexus 6, Pixel and Pixel XL in January South Korea levies $1.1 billion CAD fine against Qualcomm for abusing dominant market position Rose Behar December 28, 2016 1:38pm South Korea has fined Snapdragon-chipset creator Qualcomm 1.03 trillion won ($1.1 billion CAD) for unfair patent licensing practices. The fine, which is the largest ever for South Korea, was handed down by the Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) after it ruled on Wednesday that the company was abusing its market dominance by making smartphone manufacturers pay for an “unnecessarily broad” set of patents for its modem chips. The Commission also found that Qualcomm had limited access to some of its essential patents by competitors like Intel, Samsung and MediaTek, which left them susceptible to lawsuits and hindered potential sales. The findings closed out an investigation that began in 2014 and included intervention from Apple, Huawei, Intel and MediaTek. In addition to the fine, the regulator also ordered Qualcomm to negotiate in good faith on patent licensing and renegotiate chip supply agreements with manufacturers if requested. For its part, Qualcomm has said it “strongly disagrees with the KFTC’s announced decision” and plans to appeal both the corrective order and fine. South Korea’s admonishment is the latest in a long line for the company. The news follows a Chinese fine in February 2015 and a strongly-worded caution from the European Union in December 2015. Meanwhile, investigations are pending in the U.S. and Taiwan. SourceReuters JD About damn time Ipse Did I miss when South Korea fined Samsung? MassDeduction I didn’t see a news story along that line either. Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2017 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan 2016 was a momentous year in storage Looking back is more than nostalgia. It helps us see what has changed and what hasn't, and where we might improve. 2016 has been a momentus year for storage. Here are the top stories. By Robin Harris for Storage Bits | December 28, 2016 -- 13:00 GMT (05:00 PST) | Topic: Storage (Image: file photo) Legacy vendors and the cloud The cloud has devastated revenue, growth and margins of legacy vendors. Any CFO can look online to see what similar capacity, performance, and higher availability costs compared to the huge capital costs of traditional RAID arrays. 2016 saw the world's largest independent storage company -- EMC -- bought by Dell, after shopping itself to all the big system vendors. The $60 billion price tag was excessive given the rapid obsolescence of much of EMC's intellectual property, but a worthy capstone to CEO Joe Tucci's brilliant leadership of the storage giant. Tucci saw what many other CEOs denied, which is that the scale-out commodity-based storage systems and the internalization of storage have forever changed the storage industry. EMC needed a system partner to leverage their storage expertise, and Dell needed a robust enterprise sales force. NetApp acquired SolidFire, a promising flash array vendor, that finally got them into the highest growth area of legacy storage. Plagued by years of flash misfires and infighting, NetApp has done well in the new market, but has had to lay off thousands of employees. NetApp is touting their integration with Amazon Web Services -- cloud -- but that is a rear guard action as cloud vendors gobble up more enterprise dollars. Their next big problem: object storage systems are getting faster, offer much better data protection, are much more scalable, and more cost-effective than NetApp's flagship NAS boxes. I hope their CEO, George Kurian, recognizes the threat and acts decisively in 2017. Legacy vendors and the upstarts Legacy vendors are getting squeezed between the cloud and aggressive storage startups. Companies like Nimble Storage, Nutanix, and Pure Storage offer modern architectures that leave the RAID paradigm in the dust. All three had successful IPOs, and now have the money to bring the fight to the legacy vendors. Other startups have been acquired by legacy vendors to remake their products lines. DSSD, supported by Silicon Valley legend Andreas Bechtolsheim, was bought by EMC a couple of years ago. NetApp acquired SolidFire this year. HGST acquired Amplidata last year and are making a solid play for the active archive market. The storage startup scene continues to boil. Non-volatile RAM NVRAM is the Next Big Thing for servers and notebooks, as support from Intel and Microsoft shows. Some versions -- there are around 10 -- are almost as fast as DRAM, but use much less power and are much denser. Terabyte DIMMs, anyone? Big Data will especially benefit from high capacity NVRAM equipped servers. 2016 was supposed to be the year that Intel introduced their NVRAM 3D XPoint Optane drives, but like many ambitious engineering projects, they've slipped into 2017, and may be one reason the recent MacBook Pro's were delayed. But Intel isn't the only player, and certainly isn't the first to market. MRAM vendor Everspin IPO'd this year, raising funds needed to further enhance their NVRAM line. Nantero licensed their NVRAM to a couple of major fabs, putting their carbon nanotube technology on the fast track. Thunderbolt 3 I've been a happy Thunderbolt 1 user for years. It's a great technology that is fast, stable, and low-cost. 2016 saw it get even better, now that one Thunderbolt 3 connector supports 40 Gbit/s bandwidth with half the power consumption of Thunderbolt 2. That's enough bandwidth to drive dual 4k displays at 60 Hz, PCIe 3.0, HDMI 2.0, DisplayPort 1.2, as well as 10 Gbit/s USB 3.1. Plus to to 100 watts of power to charge systems and up to 15W for bus-powered devices. Using newly available and cheap PCIe switches, Thunderbolt 3 can be stretched to build large clusters at low prices. We'll see more of that in 2017. On notebooks it offers performance and connectivity undreamed of 10 years ago. External drives with gigabyte per second performance are already here, with more on the way. The Storage Bits take I've been involved with storage for over 35 years, starting when a disk drive cost $40 a megabyte. For the last 15 years the industry has been on an innovation spree that has upended many companies and delivered incredible capabilities. Storage is the basis of our digital world. Given the crisis of a post-fact world, I take comfort in the fact that a $100 billion plus industry is working hard to store and protect the data that is critical to the challenges humanity faces. Courteous comments welcome, of course. (Disclosure: I've done some work for HGST and Nimble in the last couple of years.) Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Storage Storage in 2017: Big improvements are on the way Cloud Microsoft SharePoint-OneDrive sync now due in January 2017 Storage Over configuring -- and how to fix it Cloud Box won't say if it's giving your secrets to the government × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Computing Apple CEO promises fresh Mac hardware, as report shows Apple is ignoring its desktops, macOS Apple CEO promises fresh Mac hardware, as report shows Apple is ignoring its desktops, macOS By Joel Hruska on December 21, 2016 at 7:30 am Comment Apple’s recent MacBook Pro updates and “courageous” iPhone 7 have proven to be controversial, and a recent pair of news items highlights how much pent-up frustration is aimed at the device manufacturer. First, Tim Cook made several posts to an Apple employee bulletin board, detailing Apple’s thinking on thinking on both desktops and the intersection between hardware and software design. Cook writes: The desktop is very strategic for us. It’s unique compared to the notebook because you can pack a lot more performance in a desktop — the largest screens, the most memory and storage, a greater variety of I/O, and fastest performance. So there are many different reasons why desktops are really important, and in some cases critical, to people. The current generation iMac is the best desktop we have ever made and its beautiful Retina 5K display is the best desktop display in the world. Some folks in the media have raised the question about whether we’re committed to desktops. If there’s any doubt about that with our teams, let me be very clear: we have great desktops in our roadmap. Nobody should worry about that… From a strategic point of view, we also focus on things where software, hardware and services all come together and bring out the magic that only Apple can. That’s our secret sauce. It shows up in a lot of different places, and it’s something that we look for in new employees. Apple CEO Tim Cook. A brand new report from Bloomberg offers an interesting counterweight to Cook’s confidence. According to that investigation, Apple has made a number of strategic decisions that took emphasis away from the Mac design teams. The software team has been reorganized, such that a dedicated macOS team no longer exists and most of the software engineers at Apple are iOS first, Mac second. Hardware engineers are now asked to work on multiple projects at once, or to develop multiple versions of a potential product simultaneously. For example, Apple engineers working on the 2016 MacBook update reportedly wanted to add a second USB-C port and Touch ID support, according to the report. Instead, Apple pushed out a slightly iteration of the same platform and a new “rose gold” color. Engineers working on Mac hardware no longer command the same attention from Jony Ive, the report said, and the appetite for leapfrogging the competition with a more daring approach to technology doesn’t always pay dividends — apparently Apple intended to introduce new battery technology with the MacBook Pro, but unspecified problems killed that option. The Bloomberg report concludes on this note: “Mac fans shouldn’t hold their breath for radical new designs in 2017 though. Instead, the company is preparing modest updates: USB-C ports and a new Advanced Micro Devices Inc. graphics processor for the iMac, and minor bumps in processing power for the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro.” Apple’s innovation decline Part of the problem Apple is facing is straightforward: CPUs haven’t really scaled since 2013. I discussed this last August, but it bears repeating. The image below shows the CPUs Apple currently sells in the three-year-old Mac Pro as compared with the most recent chips available from Intel: Each 2013-era chip is contrasted with its 2016 equivalent. Now, the one thing Apple could do is introduce some high core-count chips that weren’t really available in 2013. Back then, the Xeon E5v2 family topped out at 12 cores; modern CPUs in the E5v4 family top out at 22 cores within the same 135W TDP. But that option carries a hefty frequency penalty: The 12-core E5-2697v2 has a base clock of 2.7GHz and a boost clock of 3.5GHz. The 22-core E5-4699v4 has a 2.2GHz base frequency and a 3GHz boost clock. In other words, if your workload is embarrassingly parallel and can easily scale above 12 threads, the E5-4699v4 is a better option. If it doesn’t — or if you can’t afford the $7,000 price tag Intel has hung on the chip — you won’t see benefits. The GPU market is a markedly different story. AMD’s Polaris refresh would be a good fit for the iMac or even potentially lower-end variants of the Mac Pro, while Vega should address the Mac Pro market head-on (and of course, Nvidia has its own lineup of GPUs, should Apple be interested). Either way, the GPUs baked into current Mac systems are quite old. Apple has never put graphics front-and-center, and it failed to follow up on the graphics-centric argument it made for the Mac Pro. Instead of investing in OpenGL or OpenCL (macOS still only supports OCL 1.2, despite OCL 2.0 now being widely available), Apple has doubled-down on Metal, its own custom iOS API that it also backported to macOS. But major companies like Adobe, which do make use of GPU acceleration, have only begun to add Metal support and it’s not fully baked yet. But I don’t think the issues Apple is facing with macOS and its various Mac systems are simply a matter of lackluster hardware cycles. Apple used to present buyers with a very simple argument: “It just works.” Those three words, however inaccurate or accurate you feel they happen to be, captured most of how Apple marketed itself to customers. MacOS was easier to use. The iPhone and iMac were designed to work together. Apple hardware was a consolidated, discrete ecosystem, with fewer choices but better integration of its various components. And while you may not have found this argument particularly appealing, there was truth to it. Apple built routers and peripherals that were designed to interface with its own software and platforms in ways that other companies rarely matched. That argument seems much less potent now than it did in the past. Apple is leaving the peripheral business (apart from dongles, natch) and its clearly not putting the resources into macOS development that it once did. The latest MacBook and MacBook Pro don’t ‘just work’ unless you’ve got a varying number of dongles to hook up. In the event the company does refresh the Mac Pro, everyone who shucked out for Thunderbolt 2 adapters so they could plug non-Thunderbolt peripherals into the system is going to need to buy Thunderbolt 3 adapters for their Thunderbolt 2-to-USB (or what have you) adapters so they can continue to use their hardware. It’s not very Mac-like, when you get right down to it. In fact, it’s precisely the kind of inelegant-but-functional arrangement I associate with PCs. There’s another answer to this issue, though — one that has nothing to do with Tim Cook or Steve Jobs and everything to do with the evolution of the PC and smartphone ecosystems. In retrospect, it’s clear that the iPod, iPhone, and touchscreen interfaces arrived during the last great hurrah of Moore’s Law, at a time when process node scaling and multi-core products were still delivering rapid improvements. The original iPhone in 2007 happened because it became possible for a capacitive touchscreen device to happen. Steve Jobs and Apple still deserve credit for the idea, but the idea only worked because technology had advanced to the point that it could be made to work. Such inflection points are rare — one could argue that we’ve only had a handful throughout the entire history of computing. The first computers relied on a non-realtime batch interface, followed by command-line interfaces that incorporated video terminals and keyboards. The addition of the mouse and GUI are significant enough to deserve their own separate classification, followed by the rise of capacitive touchscreens since 2007. In 72 years (1945 – 2016) we’ve had four of these transitions, and Steve Jobs’ career happened to fall at a time when he could make significant contributions to both. In the end, it scarcely matters. However loyal Apple customers may be in the short term, they’ll inevitably leave the platform if Tim Cook doesn’t give them reason to stay. 2016 was a distinct let-down in this regard, and 2017 isn’t looking much better if the Bloomberg report is right. Tagged In apple intel Polaris mac Macbook imac mac pro tim cook macintosh dongles Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Why iPhone production isn’t coming to the United States Dec 30 Five reasons you should buy a car right now Dec 30 ET deals: Dell Inspiron 15 5000 15.6-inch laptop for $549 Dec 30 The year in space: Supernovas, gravitational waves, theoretical planets, and Hammer pants Dec 30 FBI, DHS release report on Russian hacking as administration-ordered sanctions take effect Dec 30 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
null
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Intel Core i7-7700K Overclocked Past 7GHz By Adnan Farooqui on 12/28/2016 07:59 PST Overclocking is a very niche passion but those who do it swear by it. They probably can’t fathom not tweaking a processor to get the best possible performance they can out of it. While the public has to wait for a bit to get their hands on Intel’s latest Kaby Lake Core i7 processors, the company has sent out several units to overclocking professionals over the past few weeks to see what they can do with it. On such professional has been able to overclock the Core i7-7700K past a whopping 7 GHz. Professional overclocker Allen “Splave” Golibersuch tweaked the Core i7-7700K to blaze past 7 GHz by disabling key features like hyperthreading and two of the processor’s four cores. The clock multiplier was turned up to 69x and the Vcore voltage pushed past 2.00V. These are not the sort of settings that an average user would need to would even know how to configure. It’s safe to say that special aftermarket cooling will be required to run such a setup and a motherboard that’s designed for overclocking will be required as well. The 7022.96 MHz clock of Golibersuch’s Core i7-7700K appears to have been fairly stable, demonstrating that the processor can do much more than what the average user can fathom. He had to use liquid nitrogen to cool this overclock which was reportedly bench stable because that’s just what overclockers do. Filed in Computers. Read more about core i7, Intel and overclocking. Related Articles 2016-12-08 Intel Reportedly Chooses AMD Over NVIDIA For Graphics Licensing Deal 2016-12-06 AT&T 5G Goes Live For One Customer 2016-12-05 Analyst Thinks Apple Could Dump Intel For The iPhone 2016-12-02 Amazon & Intel Work Together To Bring Alexa To More Devices 2013-01-07 VIZIO 11.6-inch Windows 8 Tablet PC 2013-01-07 Vizio 14-inch Thin + Light Touch Notebook 2012-01-18 Intel performance tuning protection plan has your (overclocker's) back 2011-11-14 Intel Core i7 3960X Sandy Bridge-E Preview LG ProBeam Home Cinema Projector Unveiled Capcom To Release Mega Man 1-6 On Mobile January, 2017 Apple To Charge For AirPods Battery Service Even Under Warranty Tesla’s Emergency Braking System Prevented A Serious Accident User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Business Business Hackers break into law firms, make $4 million on insider trades By Todd Haselton | December 28, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Three Chinese citizens were recently charged with hacking into U.S. law firms in an effort to place trades using insider knowledge on tech companies including Pitney Bowes and Intel. It’s almost straight out of a Hollywood Hacker-action flick. The attacks seem to be relatively straightforward: hackers broke into two law firms seeking data on future deals, like acquisitions, and then placed trades with knowledge that others in the market weren’t aware of. It’s classic insider trading, just with a cybercrime twist. Just the beginning “This case of cyber meets securities fraud should serve as a wake-up call for law firms around the world: you are and will be targets of cyber hacking, because you have information valuable to would-be criminals,” U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said this week. The U.S. government is charging the three hackers with computer intrusion, insider trading, wire fraud and conspiracy, Reuters said, noting that just one of the men has been arrested. The trio of hackers reportedly began attacking the law firms as early as 2014, placing malware on system computers. The three hackers reportedly made off with as much as $4 million before the U.S. decided to swoop in and make its arrests. Source Reuters Topics #Privacy #Security Todd Haselton Follow Follow Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Recent Posts The Shark Tank-backed IllumiBowl is the toilet light you didn’t know you needed Netflix: 10 great movies you should watch right now Infiniti QX50 unveiled as new autonomous SUV concept Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2017 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
null
null
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE � Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES COMPANIES January 3, 2017 | Last updated 2 minutes ago usd---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: Year in pictures DSF Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE holidays 2017 UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Bargains await as gold falls further Gold price drops Dh20 per gram Gold dives to 10-month low on rate hike Gold Rate Sectors14 Markets7 Automotives3 Banking1 Construction1 Employment2 Features1 General Investment Media Careers2 Energy76 Retail4 Shipping Technology1 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors AI, autonomous cars to steal spotlight at CES SBI sees loan growth jumping from 25-year low Hyundai, Kia forecast sales rebound Aviation1 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Fog delays, cancels more Dubai flights Qatar Airways buys 10% stake in LATAM Airlines Emirates to continue growth strategy Economy7 Property GN Property top stories in Property More sub-Dh2m homes convince more buyers New supply helps Sharjah’s rental dips No rent price relief for Dubai residents Money1 Visas Analysis2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus S. Korea fines Qualcomm $854m for violating competition laws Qualcomm says it will fight ruling in court Published: 17:08 December 28, 2016 Reuters   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE SEJONG, South Korea, SAN FRANCISCO South Korea’s antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm Inc 1.03 trillion won (Dh3.1 billion, $854 million) for what it called unfair business practices in patent licensing and modem chip sales, a decision the US chipmaker said it will challenge in court. The fine, the largest ever levied in South Korea, marks the latest antitrust setback for Qualcomm’s most profitable business of licensing wireless patents to the mobile industry, at a time when the business is facing headwinds from a cooling smartphone market. The Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) ruled on Wednesday Qualcomm abused its dominant market position and forced handset makers to pay royalties for an unnecessarily broad set of patents as part of sales of its modem chips. Qualcomm also restricted competition by refusing or limiting licensing of its standard essential patents related to modem chips to rival chipmakers such as Intel Corp, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and MediaTek Inc, the regulator said, hindering their sales and leaving their products vulnerable to lawsuits. The regulator ordered Qualcomm to negotiate in good faith with rival chipmakers on patent licensing and renegotiate chip supply agreements with handset makers if requested — measures that would affect the US firm’s dealings with major tech companies including Apple Inc, Intel, Samsung and Huawei Technologies Co Ltd if upheld. The KFTC said it began its investigations into Qualcomm’s practices in 2014 following complaints from industry participants, but did not name specific companies. Foreign companies including Apple, Intel, MediaTek and Huawei expressed their views during the regulator’s deliberation process, KFTC Secretary General Shin Young-son told a media briefing in the country’s administrative capital. “We investigated and decided on these actions because Qualcomm’s actions limit overall competition,” Shin said, adding that the ruling was not about protecting domestic companies such as Samsung and LG Electronics Inc but about improving market competition for all players. Qualcomm said it will file for an immediate stay of the corrective order and appeal the decision to the Seoul High Court. The firm will also appeal the amount of the fine and the method used to calculate it. “Qualcomm strongly disagrees with the KFTC’s announced decision,” it said in a statement. The decision in Seoul could mean lower costs for mobile phone makers and others in the tech supply chain who source Qualcomm chips, said a Taiwanese industry executive, declining to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter. In regulatory crosshairs The fine is the latest in a series of antitrust rulings and investigations faced by Qualcomm from regulators across the globe. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. Stacy Rasgon, an analyst with AB Bernstein, said the fine itself was large but also said the KFTC’s orders for Qualcomm to alter its business practices have bigger future implications for the chipmaker. A major challenge for Qualcomm, he said, would emerge if the ruling forces the company to license patents for some of its chips to rivals such as Intel, which has been competing hard to land its modem chips in mobile phones. “How can they force you to license to a competitor? That’s what I never understood. I guarantee Qualcomm won’t want to do that,” he said, adding that the dispute could take years to play out in South Korean courts. The KFTC fined Qualcomm 273 billion won in 2009 for abusing its dominant position in CDMA modem chips, which were then used in handsets made by Samsung and LG. Regulators in other jurisdictions, including the United States and Taiwan, are also investigating Qualcomm. The KFTC move could serve as a benchmark for some of them. “Korea’s decision will serve as an important reference point for us,” Chiu Yung-ho, vice-chairman and spokesman for Taiwan’s Fair Trade Commission, told Reuters. He gave no timeline on when Taiwan’s own year-long investigation would be concluded. More from Companies Twitter chief for China quits Samsung warns of slowing growth in key markets tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGNSamsung follow this tag on MGNChina follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessCompanies tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNSamsung follow this tag on MGN+ MGNChina follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In CompaniesTwitter chief for China quits Business Gallery Business: 2016 in review Highlights: Guangzhou Auto Show 2016 Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Twitter chief for China quits 02Samsung warns of slowing growth in key markets 03Saudi’s PIF denies plans to buy into Utico Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 32Images 32 things to do this Dubai Shopping Festival Jan 05, 2012 6Images Dubai International Boat Show Mar 02, 2011 14Images Trump casino closes in Atlantic City Oct 11, 2016 15Images Markets tumble across the world Aug 10, 2011 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee World, UAE Markets Data OverviewGccEuropeAsiau.s. Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg 1d1 Wk1Mth1Qtr1Yr5Yr As on 2017-01-02 16:30:34 Currency Updates pair-currency Loading..No value Markets Currencies currenciesAgainst USDAgainst BHD Against EUR Against GBP Against PHILIPINE PESO Against SAR Against OMR Against QAR Against KWD Against AED Value % Change As on 2017-01-03 05:25:50 Events to watch Jan  2017 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Today 125th birth anniversary of J. R. R. Tolkien Today Sultan Bin Zayed Heritage Festival 2017Sweihan City Today Dubai Shopping Festival 2017 Today Designing 007: Fifty Years of Bond StyleBurj Khalifa 04 Jan World Braille Day 04 Jan Sultan Bin Zayed Heritage Festival 2017Sweihan City 04 Jan Dubai Shopping Festival 2017 04 Jan Designing 007: Fifty Years of Bond StyleBurj Khalifa 04 Jan12:00 AM IRCSHM 2017 04 Jan10:10 AM World Braille Day 05 Jan H.H. President of the UAE Polo Cup 05 Jan Sultan Bin Zayed Heritage Festival 2017Sweihan City Most Popular on Gulf News Reina club: top party haunt of Turkey’s elite Dubai rings in 2017 with dazzling fireworks 9 money tips if you lose your job in the UAE Look: How Dubai’s royal family started 2017 Parents, schools fight over unpaid fees UAE welcomes first babies born in 2017 Bahrain lists its 10 most wanted men How Dubai ensured success of NYE events 2017 UAE holidays Close Recommended For You Israel's Netanyahu grilled in graft probePUBLISHED ON Jan 03, 2017 Inmates decapitated in deadly Brazil prison riotPUBLISHED ON Jan 02, 2017 Mohammad unveils new megaprojectPUBLISHED ON Jan 02, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Trending: Tips for new tech devices IDG Editors on tech trends for '17 Tech luminaries we lost in 2016 Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Tips on shooting great video with your drone Free tools for your cyber-security efforts 5 tips for succeeding with a virtual workforce More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Windows PCs News Lenovo's popular ThinkPads speed up with Intel's Kaby Lake chips Lenovo introduces ThinkPad Yoga 370, upgrades workhorse T-series, L-series and X-series laptops to Intel's Kaby Lake chips By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Dec 28, 2016 4:59 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Lenovo's ThinkPad Yoga 370 is a 2-in-1 with Intel's Kaby Lake chips. Credit: Lenovo More like this Lenovo's ThinkPad T570 will have Intel's superfast Optane storage Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga: The shape of convertibles to come Take a look at the cool 2-in-1s and laptops from IFA Video Windows 10 Quick Tips: Getting the most from Cortana Lenovo is starting its CES party a bit early, announcing new and upgraded ThinkPad laptops and a 2-in-1 with Intel's new Kaby Lake chips and a slew of new features. The new ThinkPads are getting better screens, faster DDR4 memory and more storage capacity. Features like USB-C ports, optional LTE connectivity, precision touchpads and optional infrared cameras for Windows Hello are being offered across the ThinkPad X, L and T series. Lenovo also introduced the ThinkPad Yoga 370 2-in-1, which is the first model in the brand with a 13.3-inch HD screen and a Thunderbolt 3 port. The upgraded products are mainly workhorse ThinkPads, but Lenovo is also expected to separately announce flashier laptops and 2-in-1s at CES. Lenovo doesn't mess around with the design of mainstream ThinkPads, which have a strong following, but you can expect thinner and lighter laptops with longer battery life. The ThinkPad Yoga 370, which weighs 1.37 kilograms, will be available starting at $1,264 in March. The device turns into a tablet when you rotate the screen 360 degrees. It will include up to 1TB of SSD storage and 16GB of DDR4 RAM. In addition to Thunderbolt 3, it has two USB 3.0 ports, a MicroSD slot and an HDMI port. A cheaper option with a 13.3-inch screen is the ThinkPad 13, which comes with an HD screen and NVMe SSD storage. It will be available this month starting at $674. One upgrade in the popular X200 series is the ThinkPad X270, which has a 12.5-inch screen, and the same look and feel as its X260 predecessor, which has Skylake. The laptop has up to 16GB of DDR4 memory and up to 1TB of SSD or 2GB of hard-drive storage. It also has USB-C, HDMI, two USB 3.0, SD card and a SIM slot. It will be available in March starting at $909 with a 1366 x 768 pixel non-touch screen. The powerful ThinkPad T-series, which is a favorite among business buyers, stands out for its sleeker look. The screens have thinner borders and the laptops are smaller and lighter as a result.  The ThinkPad T470 (starting at $914, available in February) is available with or without an HD screen, while the T470p (starting at $1,049, available in March) and T470s (starting at $1,099, available in February) are available with screen resolutions up to 2560 x 1440 pixels. The laptops have a wide range of storage and memory options, but only the T470 has a Thunderbolt 3 port. For those who don't want integrated graphics, the T470p can be configured with Nvidia's N16S-GTR discrete graphics card, which is mainly designed for laptop workstations. Lenovo's ThinkPad T570 is the most loaded laptop of the bunch, and can be configured with a 4K 15.6-inch touch display, Intel's superfast Optane memory, Nvidia's GeForce 940MX discrete graphics and up to 32GB of DRAM. It will be available in March starting at $909. It will weigh 2.04 kilograms, and can also be configured with a Snapdragon LTE modem. It will also include an HDMI slot, three USB 3.0 ports and one Thunderbolt 3 connector. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Windows PCs Personal Technology Review: Microsoft Teams tries to do Slack one better Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Popular Resources Huddle Spaces: The New Look for Corporate Workspaces Solving the Storage Dilemma for High-Performance Applications Amazon Web Services Provides Guidance on How to Take Control of Your Cloud-Based Infrastructure and Applications Case Study: How ILG Paints a Picture-Perfect View of Member Experience Customer focused Capture & Case Management in the Cloud Go Top Stories Hands on: Dell turns the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 Dell has just improved it's already brilliant XPS 13 -- it's now available as a 2-in-1, which means it... Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Considering a data warehouse system? Download this free report for side-by-side comparisons of rival... Making gas stations safe for fraudsters again With soaring online fraud, Mastercard and Visa have done what they can to boost in-store crime. They... 2016: The tech year in cartoons From Microsoft’s push to get users to upgrade to Windows 10 — whether they wanted to or not — to the... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out05:42 GMT +303 January 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search BREAKING: Nationwide Customs Computer System Outage Creates Chaos at US Airports Europe Struggles to Combat Terror Threat Amid Intel Incoherence - Analyst © AFP 2016/ CHRISTOPHE ARCHAMBAULT Europe 16:47 28.12.2016(updated 19:11 28.12.2016) Get short URL 223613 Law enforcement agencies throughout Europe are struggling to deal with the complexities of sharing intelligence on known terrorism threats because of the federalized structure of many of its agencies, leading to a failure to pass on critical knowledge to where it is most needed, Sputnik has been told. The latest terrorist atrocity in Europe — in which a man drove a truck into a crowd shopping at an outdoor Christmas market in Berlin, Germany, December 19, killing 12 and injuring 49 — highlighted the fact that intelligence agencies throughout Europe are still struggling to unite on common intelligence sharing. © AP Photo/ Anis Amri, a Tunisian suspect in the Berlin truck attack Italian authorities shot dead Anis Amri, the Berlin market attack suspect, during a routine check in the Sesto San Giovanni area of Milan, in the early hours of December 23 — but only after he had traveled from Germany, through France and into Italy despite being the most wanted man in Europe. Latest reports suggest he even may have traveled via The Netherlands. Questions are being asked on how he managed to cross out of Germany and reach Italy in the middle of a massive police and security agency hunt in Europe at a time when the issue of terrorism, security, border control and immigration is so politically sensitive. It was revealed he was known to German authorities, had been under surveillance, the subject of two deportation attempts, suspected of planning an attack and his details had been passed on to them by foreign agencies. Even if Anis Amri has been put off the streets we need to admit it was a lucky catch. We need more inter EU Intel exchange #berlinattack — karim (@Specta_Orientem) December 23, 2016 ​​A senior UK security expert, Will Geddes, founder of ICP Group says one of the major issues is the federalized nature of many agencies in EU member states. "There are some failings on the German side, in terms of their intelligence instruments, because they are very federalized and they are [now in the same situations as] where France was after the Charlie Hebdo attacks, where none of [the French] intelligence agencies were really effectively communicating with each other," Geddes told Sputnik.  "That is not to say that there aren't those that have rally upped their game — and France is certainly one of them — however, it's evident by what we've seen materializing in Germany that there is still quite some way to go."  German Law Enforcement Divisions  © AFP 2016/ CLEMENS BILAN Berlin Terror Attack: Mixture of Luck and Failings - Security Expert Germany's law enforcement agencies operate historically at state level, where the Landespolizei carry out the bulk of the work of policing. Only the Bundespolizei operates at federal level, having emerged from the Bundesgrenzschutz — the Federal Border Guard — and become responsible for major national emergencies beyond the scope of the state police forces. Meanwhile — also at federal level — the Federal Intelligence Service (Bundesnachrichtendienst) and the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution (Bundesamt für Verfassungsschutz), respectively deal with national security externally and internally. The latter has no powers of arrest and cannot use force, but can pass on information to another agency, the Federal Criminal Investigation Office (Bundeskriminalamt). "It's not so much the question of the sharing of intelligence, but how are they going to disseminate it within their own countries.  The biggest problem is that some of those territories — like Germany — that are federalized means that [agencies in countries such as] the UK may pass on those nuggets of intelligence, but are they cascading through to all the relevant agencies to ensure that they have got the best picture and a tapestry of the terrorism trail in their own country?" Geddes told Sputnik. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 13 Related: 'Miserable Failure of Authorities' in Berlin Result of 'Multicultural Policy' Deadly Berlin Attack No Reason to Close European Borders For Migrants - Juncker Berlin Attack Suspect Nearly Passed by Hollande While Fleeing to Italy - Reports Terror Threat in Germany High Even After Berlin Attack Suspect Killed - Minister Tags: terrorist cell, terrorist attack, terrorism, counterterrorism, Berlin truck attack, Daesh, Anis Amri, Germany, Paris, Berlin, France TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply Mikhas 17:15 28.12.2016 | 2 | Edit | Delete "Europe Struggles to Combat Terror Threat " Europe Struggles to Combat Terror Threat while simultaneously support and create it elsewhere -There fixed it. May i also add that the €Urofags are still struggling with jumping around aimlessly on one foot while shooting itself in the other. a remarkable, albeit macabre feat.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 05:30Indian Official Blames Western Dress for 'Mass Molestation' on New Year's Eve 05:21Nationwide Customs Computer System Outage Creates Chaos at US Airports 05:20Georgia Implementing Reforms to Increase Interoperability With NATO 04:45This is What’s Wrong With Self-Driving Cars: People 04:41Turkish Army Kills 22 Daesh Militants, Destroys 111 Targets in Syria - ReportsAll news No US Aircraft Carriers Now Deployed; None Expected in Middle East for Months 15807 The Real Plan Behind the US Decision to Supply Arms to Syrian Rebels 10062 Russia Comes Up With a 'Cold-Blooded Response' to Obama's Last 'Provocation' 8805 Happy New Year, America! The Message of Putin's Response to New US Sanctions 8676 How China Could Help Russia From Being Totally Cut Off From Global Internet 7409All news How China Could Help Russia From Being Totally Cut Off From Global Internet 99 Kissinger's Possible Role in US-Russia Normalization is 'Great News for Moscow' 61 No US Aircraft Carriers Now Deployed; None Expected in Middle East for Months 51 Dashed Hopes: EU Wanted to 'Break Ukraine Away From Russia, Not Integrate It' 47 Russia Comes Up With a 'Cold-Blooded Response' to Obama's Last 'Provocation' 39All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Russia's Largest Car Manufacturer Celebrates 85 Years of Service Hit the Road Barack 'I'm Drinking the Stars!' How Champagne is Made News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Lenovo goes crazy refreshing its entire ThinkPad… Lenovo goes crazy refreshing its entire ThinkPad family with 7th-gen Intel CPUs By Kevin Parrish — December 27, 2016 9:01 PM Subscribe Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Just ahead of the CES 2017 convention taking place in Las Vegas January 5-8, Lenovo announced the refresh of its ThinkPad laptop family for business. The updated laptops now sport the latest, seventh-generation Core processors from Intel, along with fingerprint scanners, beefed up security courtesy of a discrete Trusted Platform Module 2.0 chip, and Thunderbolt 3 connectivity. The company also revealed a new ThinkPad Thunderbolt 3 dock, and a ThinkPad USB Type-C dock for adding additional ports for ThinkPad laptops. Before we dive in, take note that the following devices sport the “Signature Edition” of Windows 10 Pro or Home. That means customers won’t find the annoying bloatware that typically comes preinstalled on laptops — unnecessary software loaded by the laptop maker that eats system resources and storage space, slowing the device down. Many laptops listed on the following pages are compatible with WiGig, which is the next level of wireless connectivity, better known at Wireless AD. It adds the 60GHz band to the current 2.4GHz and 5GHz bands already offered in Wireless N and Wireless AC, with speeds of up to 8 gigabits per second. Right now, the Wireless AC 5GHz band is only capable of up to 1.3 gigabits per second. That said, 2017 will be the year Wireless AD (WiGig) explodes on the mass market. ThinkPad Yoga 370 This unit, according to Lenovo, is designed for both business and general use, packing a 360-degree hinge and a “Lift n’ Lock” keyboard to make this a unique 2-in-1 device. Despite its “transforming” form factor, the ThinkPad Yoga 370 is durable enough to be certified for military use. Other notable features include a touch-enabled screen, Thunderbolt 3 connectivity, WiGig support, a fingerprint scanner, and a lightweight form factor of just over 3 pounds. Operating system: Windows 10 Pro Signature Edition Display: 13.3 inches with Touch Resolution: 1,920 x 1,080 Processor: Seventh-generation Intel Core Memory: Up to 16GB DDR4 Graphics: Intel HD Graphics 620 Storage: Up to 1TB PCI Express NVMe SSD Audio: Integrated stereo speakers Battery: 51 watt-hour 6-cell (up to 10 hours) Connectivity: Wireless AC Bluetooth 4.2 Ports: 1x HDMI 1x Thunderbolt 3 1x DisplayPort 2x USB 3.0 1x Microphone/headphone jack 1x SD card slot Colors: Silver or Black Other features: Precision touchpad WiGig support Fingerprint reader Integrated ThinkPad Pen Pro Discrete Trusted Platform Module 2.0 chip NFC Size: 12.34 x 8.66 x 0.70 inches Weight: Starting at 3.17 pounds Starting price: $1,264 Availability: March 2017 Next Page 1 of 12 ThinkPad Yoga 370 ThinkPad T470 ThinkPad T470p ThinkPad T470s ThinkPad T570 ThinkPad L470 ThinkPad L570 ThinkPad 13 ThinkPad X270 ThinkVision P27h and P24h monitors ThinkPad Thunderbolt 3 Dock ThinkPad USB-C Dock
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand Inside Bluestack's mission to make Android games great again Subhrojit Mallick Dec 28, 2016, 05.26 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Image Credit In 2008, When India saw the first wave of Android devices by manufacturers like HTC, many of us didn’t know what to expect, a lot of us were still locked into Apple’s then brand new ecosystem and the OS wars were in full swing, with a lot of variety in the market. Many of us had cold feet when it came to trying out a new system and abandoning the safe comfort of our Symbian’s. In 2011, When people had pretty much chosen a side, Bluestacks provided the final push that made people still holding onto their old devices finally jump ship. It simulated an Android experience on a Windows machine, meaning people could finally try out a new OS without the risk of buying a news phone. It became the Gold Standard for Android Emulators on PC. Many Android Apps were given the big treatment.Apps like Snapseed and Sketchbook worked better on a larger screen. At the 2011, Computex trade show in Taipei, Bluestacks was featured on the AMD Exhibit which showed off a emulator running on top of Windows 7. What was more astonishing at that time was the fact that Android apps required an ARM architecture to run, but courtesy of Bluestack's patented Layercake technology an x86 tablet could switch back and forth between Windows and Android without much of a hassle. "Bluestacks emulates Android on Windows using a three-step virtualisation process- Processor level virtualisation, graphics level virtualisation and a translator which translates ARM code to Intel code on the fly," Chief Technology officer of Bluestacks, Suman Saraf told Gizmodo India. Its Layercake technology basically exploits hardware accelerators found in x86 chips to run Android apps and games smoothly on Windows systems. A version of the emulator was ported to the MacOS system as well. It has been more than half a decade since then and BlueStacks have continuously rediscovered itself to keep up with rapidly changing trends. It did start off as an emulator for Android apps for PC and to an extent, it still is. Only now, the emphasis is more on Android gaming than running apps. The company was quick to realise the potential of a robust Android emulator for PCs for competitive and immersive Android gaming. After all, who wants to keep their gaming restricted to a tiny window when there are large monitors ready for use? Bluestacks struck gold offering the solution to adopt the PC gaming culture of using mouse and keyboards over to Android gaming. "There's no reason to keep Android gaming constricted only to small screens. Just like how PC gaming is more immersive, Bluestacks can do the same for Android gaming," Suman said. Bluestacks became the world's largest mobile gaming platform on PC with over 150 million downloads and over 1.5 billion apps played every month. China is the platform's largest subscriber base, followed by India. And this surge in its popularity gave Bluestacks the confidence it needed to build out its own App Store and invite independent developers to make apps and games exclusively for the emulator platform. It has formed an indie developer community to allow independent game developers to leverage Bluestack's large subscriber base. It provides indie game devs a platform to promote their games with the potential of even featuring them on the Welcome Page and the Top Apps section which attracts the most number of visitors. Yet, the latest exploit has been in the space of Game Streaming. Recently, Bluestacks launched BTV, a platform to livestream your gameplay to a worldwide audience in collaboration with Twitch. Using the Bluestacks App Player, a gamer can directly sign up or sign in to Twitch and start streaming in no time. In addition, you can even watch other streams and play simultaneously while watching a stream. All the usual features are loaded into BTV. You get a string of recommended games to stream based on the games you play and stream. It gives you the ability to connect your mic, webcam and even preview the streams before making it live. With BTV, the larger aim of Bluestacks is perhaps to enter competitive gaming and be at the forefront of e-gaming tournaments that are a rave among gamers especially in China, Korea, Taiwan and India. Using BTV, anyone can organize and run their own tournaments around a game of their choice. As Android started to make its presence known in living rooms in the form of Chromecast, Android TVs and in laptops with ChromeOS, Bluestack's pivot to streaming Android games on PC was a masterstroke to stay relevant. Bluestacks was quick to let everyone know the advantages it had over competitors like Steam, Origin and UPlay when it comes to streaming and playing games. For starters, courtesy its full-fledged support for Android apps and games, it boasts of a catalogue of 1.5 million Android games. The closest anyone else gets to it is Steam with just 5,600 titles. It needs the least powerful hardware to run on and supports Android, HTML5, Flash and Macs other than PCs. But the most important feature is its direct integration with Twitch. All this makes Bluestacks the go-to platform to play and stream many games. Bluestacks started off with closing the gap between Android mobile devices and PCs and giving early adopters a taste of what Android can do and now when the rest of the world has finally come onboard the Android experience, it has trained its crosshairs on giving game developers a platform to promote their games and for players to enjoy their favorite games on the big screen and share it with a global audience. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: TwitchSoftwareemulatorsBlueStacksAppsAndroid gamingandroid Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryAcer's new all-in-one machines pack in good looks with modest performan... Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author Leaks suggest iOS 10.3 incoming with mysterious 'Theater Mode' Affordable prices, ride-shares and fare-splits: Here's how Uber was the responsible friend to Indians this NYE Vivo V5 Plus will launch on Jan 23 with dual-selfie cameras Related stories 9 Free Web Apps to Replace Your Desktop Software The Best Android Wear Apps Best camera apps for Android Android Instant Apps Sounds Insanely Useful Hey Android Users: Avoid These Insecure Apps Google Offers Workaround For Paid Android Wear Apps Personalized Recommendations Editor's Pick Lenovo Yoga 510 Review: Inconsistent Performer The Magic of George Michael: Bringing the “Faith” over a Glorious 30-Year Music Career OnePlus 3T review: Still the best damn phone for less than Rs 30,000 Nucleya Adds His Signature Bass To Papon’s Bihu in The Dewarists’ Latest Music Collaboration Confused between OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T? Read this Super Mario Run: My first 20 minutes! Hot Right Now CyanogenMod reborn, download Lineage OS right now BSNL has launched Rs 144 unlimited calling plan to take on Reliance Jio Leaks suggest iOS 10.3 incoming with mysterious 'Theater Mode' BHIM app tops Google Play store within 3 days of launch Microsoft to launch Surface Pro 5 tablet soon: Report Google's Gboard keyboard app is now being used on 500 million devices Dell XPS 13 Convertible tipped for CES 2017 Vivo V5 Plus will launch on Jan 23 with dual-selfie cameras Overlook Paytm, PM Modi launches a new ‘BHIM’ mobile app PSA: Android Nougat update has arrived for the OnePlus 3T and the OnePlus 3 Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social The next Galaxy Note may be a Galaxy S8 Plus instead, leaks suggest Android 7.0 Nougat is rolling out to Moto Z Phones in India Android 7.0 Nougat is rolling out to Moto Z Phones in India OnePlus 3T soft-gold variant goes on sale starting January 5 Overlook Paytm, PM Modi launches a new ‘BHIM’ mobile app AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: The Lloyd Mathias Interview (Part 1) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Lloyd Mathias Interview (Part 2) #AdAgeUnicorns: Lloyd Mathias to Share His Marketing Journey on December 15 #AdAgeUnicorns: The R Balki Interview (Part 2) Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Micromax Canvas Mega 4G Q417 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 7499BUY5.5" Screen, 3GB RAM Lava A97 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black & Gold) ₹ 5300BUY5"Screen, 5MP Camera Asus Zenfone Max ZC550KL - 16GB (Black) ₹ 9199BUY5000 mAh Battery About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Lenovo refreshes ThinkPad lineup with 7th gen Intel CPUs, Windows Hello and more Lenovo has announced a refreshed lineup of ThinkPad laptops ahead of upcoming CES 2017. The company has unveiled new laptops including the ThinkPad X270, the ThinkPad Yoga 370, four new ThinkPad T Ultrabook models. All these models are powered by latest 7th generation Intel CPU. In addition the laptops come with fingerprint scanners, Trusted Platform Module 2.0 chip for improved security and Thunderbolt 3 connectivity. Moreover, the laptops will come with “Signature Edition” of Windows 10 Pro or Home that will save users from unwanted apps and bloatware. A bunch of laptops in the new series will also feature Microsoft’s Precision Touchpad and for Windows Hello. The ThinkPad Yoga 370 convertible with a 13.3-inch display, is expected to be available in March 2017 for a starting price of $1264. Meanwhile, the 12-inch ThinkPad X270 with a touch display option will start at $909 and available next March. Next up, the four new ThinkPad T Ultrabook models, start at $909 and come in a variety of customization options. Via "Lenovo refreshes ThinkPad lineup with 7th gen Intel CPUs, Windows Hello and more", 5 out of 5 based on 11 ratings. Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using Nexus 5X but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on December 28, 2016Categories CES 2017, Lenovo Post navigation Previous Previous post: Airtel V-Fiber launched in Pune, offers speeds up to 100Mbps Next Next post: LYF Water 3 with 5.5-inch HD display, 2GB RAM, 4G VoLTE launched for Rs. 6599 Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts HTC U Ultra could be HTC Ocean Note with 6-inch display and no 3.5mm headphone jack OnePlus to open first experience store in India on January 7th Asus X00GD with 5.2-inch display, 4850mAh battery gets certified in China Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017), A5 (2017) and A7 (2017) water resistant smartphones announced Android 7.0 Nougat based OxygenOS 4.0 update starts rolling out for OnePlus 3, 3T Corsair K55 RGB gaming keyboard launched at Rs. 4,599 Honor to launch ‘Epic’ smartphone at CES 2017 on January 3rd Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey says edit tweets button is ‘definitely needed’ BHIM app for UPI-based payments ranked top on the Google Play Store Vivo V5 Plus with dual front-facing cameras to launch in India on January 23 CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Tech News Technology Video Science Home» Technology The logo of chip maker Qualcomm Inc is pictured on its building in San Diego, Calif. (© Mike Blake / Reuters) The logo of chip maker Qualcomm Inc is pictured on its building in San Diego, Calif. (© Mike Blake / Reuters) South Korea fines Qualcomm $854-million for violating competition laws Add to ... Se Young Lee and Stephen Nellis SEJONG, South Korea/SAN FRANCISCO — Reuters Published Wednesday, Dec. 28, 2016 6:54AM EST Last updated Wednesday, Dec. 28, 2016 6:57AM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print South Korea’s antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm Inc 1.03 trillion won ($854-million) for what it called unfair business practices in patent licensing and modem chip sales, a decision the U.S. chip maker said it will challenge in court. The fine, the largest ever levied in South Korea, marks the latest antitrust setback for Qualcomm’s most profitable business of licensing wireless patents to the mobile industry, at a time when the business is facing headwinds from a cooling smartphone market. Video: Qualcomm fined $854-million by South Korea (Reuters) The Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) ruled on Wednesday Qualcomm abused its dominant market position and forced handset makers to pay royalties for an unnecessarily broad set of patents as part of sales of its modem chips. Qualcomm also restricted competition by refusing or limiting licensing of its standard essential patents related to modem chips to rival chip makers such as Intel Corp, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and MediaTek Inc, the regulator said, hindering their sales and leaving their products vulnerable to lawsuits. The regulator ordered Qualcomm to negotiate in good faith with rival chip makers on patent licensing and renegotiate chip supply agreements with handset makers if requested – measures that would affect the U.S. firm’s dealings with major tech companies including Apple Inc, Intel, Samsung and Huawei Technologies Co Ltd if upheld. The KFTC said it began its investigations into Qualcomm’s practices in 2014 following complaints from industry participants, but did not name specific companies. Foreign companies including Apple, Intel, MediaTek and Huawei expressed their views during the regulator’s deliberation process, KFTC Secretary General Shin Young-son told a media briefing in the country’s administrative capital. “We investigated and decided on these actions because Qualcomm’s actions limit overall competition,” Shin said, adding that the ruling was not about protecting domestic companies such as Samsung and LG Electronics Inc but about improving market competition for all players. Qualcomm said it will file for an immediate stay of the corrective order and appeal the decision to the Seoul High Court. The firm will also appeal the amount of the fine and the method used to calculate it. “Qualcomm strongly disagrees with the KFTC’s announced decision,” it said in a statement. The decision in Seoul could mean lower costs for mobile phone makers and others in the tech supply chain who source Qualcomm chips, said a Taiwanese industry executive, declining to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter. IN REGULATORY CROSSHAIRS The fine is the latest in a series of antitrust rulings and investigations faced by Qualcomm from regulators across the globe. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975-million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. Stacy Rasgon, an analyst with AB Bernstein, said the fine itself was large but also said the KFTC’s orders for Qualcomm to alter its business practices have bigger future implications for the chip maker. A major challenge for Qualcomm, he said, would emerge if the ruling forces the company to licence patents for some of its chips to rivals such as Intel, which has been competing hard to land its modem chips in mobile phones. “How can they force you to licence to a competitor? That’s what I never understood. I guarantee Qualcomm won’t want to do that,” he said, adding that the dispute could take years to play out in South Korean courts. The KFTC fined Qualcomm 273 billion won in 2009 for abusing its dominant position in CDMA modem chips, which were then used in handsets made by Samsung and LG. Regulators in other jurisdictions, including the United States and Taiwan, are also investigating Qualcomm. The KFTC move could serve as a benchmark for some of them. “Korea’s decision will serve as an important reference point for us,” Chiu Yung-ho, vice chairman and spokesman for Taiwan’s Fair Trade Commission, told Reuters. He gave no timeline on when Taiwan’s own year-long investigation would be concluded. Report Typo/Error   QCOM-QQualcomm Inc Latest Price$65.20 -0.84 (-1.27%) INTC-QIntel Corp Latest Price$36.27 -0.39 (-1.06%) AAPL-QApple Inc Latest Price$115.82 -0.91 (-0.78%) Updated December 30 4:00 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Ottawa plans to boost spending on new tech from Canadian startups ROBINSON and BYERS How Ottawa can provide a powerful spark for innovation Samsung considers split as investor pressure builds Topics Technology Intel Corporation Huawei United States of America Apple Inc. South Korea Samsung Electronics Company Inc. Qualcomm Inc. Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know facts & arguments Star Wars themes are found in a galaxy not so far away Life Take this nutrition quiz to help you eat better in 2017 News Great Trail project aims to connect Canada from coast to coast Report on Business Five things that could send economic forecasts off course in 2017 The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business Is a $700 parka ever worth it? Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? Life Video: Chef Basics: How to bake cinnamon buns from scratch Report on Business When ‘Made in Canada’ works, and when it doesn’t Life Penn State 'Squirrel Girl' has students and animals going nuts Globe Drive Subaru's rally-inspired STI is a blast despite challenges to the throne News Time-lapse images from space show the human impact on parts of Canada Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns News New Brunswick firefighters rescue moose trapped in icy river Life Meet the Canadian travel blogger who has visited nearly 100 countries Report on Business Are mortgage rates set to rise? Three indicators to watch Globe Drive We drive Benz' biggest SUV, but it has a major drawback ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business Charlottetown students stand out in business case competitions Globe Investor Infrastructure boom will be a bumpy ride for investors More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Why 2017 could be a good year for high-yield bond investors Arts Author Stephen Vizinczey on why his current novel, If Only, has been stuck in limbo Most popular Milton, Ont., mother of two among those killed in Istanbul attack Newfoundland man diagnosed with schizophrenia sues over forced injection Canadian dead after New Year’s Eve party in Thailand In 1967, the birth of modern Canada How a little-known patent sparked Canada’s deadly opioid crisis X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Technology is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 444 Front St. W., Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5V 2S9 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Pulse.ng logo Go News Politics Local Health World Business Gist Celebs Music Buzz New Music Music Videos Mixtapes Reviews Movies Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Wellness Weddings Relationships Arts & Culture Food, Drinks & Travel Men's Health Women's Health Horoscope Events Sports Football Tennis Athletics Boxing Rugby Communities Student Pulse Pulse Religion Pulse Tech Hot! Pulse Pulse Comedy Product Review Viral Pulse Pulse Traffic Pulse Cars Pulse Real Estate Pulse Books Pulse Entrepreneurship Pulse Bloggers Pulse Podcasts Qualcomm South Korea fines US chipmaker 1 trillion won Qualcomm said it will file for an immediate stay of the corrective order and appeal the decision to the Seoul High Court. Published: 28.12.2016 Pulse News Agency Local By NAN Print eMail play Qualcomm building (Recode) Russia Gazprom says country supplied nearly one-third of EU gas Teva Israeli drugmaker fined $519m in US for foreign bribes In China Factories keep operating despite smog alerts Facebook German officials warn media giants of fines over fake news Christine Lagarde Trailblazing woman at the IMF Christine Lagarde IMF chief awaits verdict in negligence trial In Singapore Authorities fine 2 British banks for 1MDB-linked lapses In The Netherlands Dutch prosecutors seek €5,000 fine for Geert Wilders In Russia KGB headquarters vandal freed with $7,600 fine Tweet South Korea’s antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm Inc 1.03 trillion won (854 million dollars) for what it called unfair-business-practices in patent licensing and modem chip sales, a decision the U.S. chipmaker said it will challenge in court. The fine, the largest ever levied in South Korea, marks the latest antitrust-setback for Qualcomm’s most profitable business of licensing wireless patents to the mobile-industry, at a time when the business is facing headwinds from a cooling smartphone market. The Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) ruled on Wednesday Qualcomm abused its dominant market position and forced handset makers to pay royalties for an unnecessarily broad set of patents as part of sales of its modem chips. Qualcomm also restricted competition by refusing or limiting licensing of its standard essential patents related to modem chips to rival chipmakers such as Intel Corp, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and MediaTek Inc, the regulator said, hindering their sales and leaving their products vulnerable to lawsuits. The regulator ordered Qualcomm to negotiate in good faith with rival chipmakers on patent licensing and renegotiate chip supply agreements with handset makers if requested. These measures would affect the U.S. firm’s dealings with major tech companies including Apple Inc, Intel, Samsung and Huawei Technologies Co Ltd if upheld. The KFTC said it began its investigations into Qualcomm’s practices in 2014 following complaints from industry participants, but did not name specific companies. Foreign companies including Apple, Intel, MediaTek and Huawei expressed their views during the regulator’s deliberation process, KFTC Secretary General Shin Young-son told a media briefing. “We investigated and decided on these actions because Qualcomm’s actions limit overall competition,” Shin said. He added that the ruling was not about protecting domestic companies such as Samsung and LG Electronics Inc but about improving market competition for all players. Qualcomm said it will file for an immediate stay of the corrective order and appeal the decision to the Seoul High Court. The firm will also appeal the amount of the fine and the method used to calculate it. “Qualcomm strongly disagrees with the KFTC’s announced decision,” it said in a statement. The fine is the latest in a series of antitrust rulings and investigations faced by Qualcomm from regulators across the globe. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a 975 million dollars fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. Stacy Rasgon, an analyst with AB Bernstein, said the fine itself was large but also said the KFTC’s orders for Qualcomm to alter its business practices have bigger future implications for the chipmaker. A major challenge for Qualcomm, he said, would emerge if the ruling forces the company to license patents for some of its chips to rivals such as Intel,which has been competing hard to land its modem chips in mobile phones. “How can they force you to license to a competitor? That’s what I never understood. I guarantee Qualcomm won’t want to do that,” he said, adding that the dispute could take years to play out in South Korean courts. The KFTC fined Qualcomm 273 billion won in 2009 for abusing its dominant position in CDMA modem chips, which were then used in handsets made by Samsung and LG. Regulators in other jurisdictions, including the United States and Taiwan, are also investigating Qualcomm. Tweet Author Pulse News Agency Local By NAN brings you the latest news from Nigeria, covering breaking news in business, politics, entertainment, technology, and more. Top 3 1 Teodorin Obiang Playboy son of Equatorial Guinea leader goes on trial in... 2 In China World's highest bridge opens 3 In Gambia Govt shut popular independent radio station, Teranga FM World In US Charleston church shooter found competent to stand trial again Donald Trump No N. Korea missile will be capable of reaching US: Trump In Chile Huge wildfire destroys homes, hundreds evacuated Donald Trump President elect promises ‘new revelations’ on Russian hacking Pulse.ng – News and Entertainment Pulse.ng is Nigeria's online news platform. 24/7 news, gist, music, movies, lifestyle, events, sports and more. © 2017 Pulse.ng Home News Gist Celebrities Music Movies Lifestyle Events Sports Communities About Us About Terms And Conditions Privacy Policy Advertise with us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Google+ Youtube Pinterest
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Mobile Computing chromebook ces 2017 Asus Chromebook leaked by retailer ahead of likely CES unveiling By Shawn Knight on Dec 27, 2016, 2:30 PM TechSpot CES 2017 officially kicks off on January 5 although as any seasoned veteran will attest to, product announcements typically trickle out days in advance. What recently happened with Asus and Newegg, however, appears to be more of an accident than a pre-show unveiling. Newegg the other day accidentally listed the Asus C302CA Chromebook for sale. A follow-up to the Asus Chromebook Flip, the C302CA’s existence has been known for some time (thanks FCC filing) but this is the first time it has surfaced at retail. As Chrome Unboxed highlights, the system features a 12.5-inch Full HD (1,920 x 1,080) touchscreen display (300 nits) that’s powered by Intel’s Core m3-6Y30 processor (4MB cache, up to 2.20 GHz) alongside 4GB of LPDDR3 RAM. Buyers also get 64GB of local eMMC storage, Bluetooth 4.2 connectivity, two USB 3.1 Type-C ports, a combination audio jack, a microSD card slot and an illuminated chiclet-style keyboard. The publication was able to place an order for the C302CA (apparently for $499) although shortly after, Newegg pulled the link. Newegg (and perhaps others) will likely put the Chromebook back up for sale in the coming days or perhaps sometime next week to coincide with CES. Chromebooks as a category headed into the holiday season with loads of momentum although oddly enough, they didn’t seem to be promoted heavily. It’s certainly possible that most were holding out until CES to announce new models although missing that lucrative end-of-year period could be costly. Related Reads Loading an alternate OS onto a Chromebook will soon be much easier Samsung Chromebook 2 gets faux leather lid treatment, improved display and more Samsung Chromebook 2 now features Intel Inside, same $250 price tag Post a comment 69 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Latest Galaxy S8 rumors: 20% more expensive than S7; will be unveiled at dedicated April event T-Mobile allows multiple phone numbers on one phone (or one number across all your devices) Galaxy S8 rumors: no headphone jack, two sizes, no home button Product Finder scores 78 Asus Chromebook Flip C100 80 Asus Chromebook Flip C100PA 78 Asus Chromebook C300MA Popular 29 comments Trump wants to use couriers for important messages because "no computer is safe" Corsair Force MP500 480GB Review Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Countdown to 2017 with HEXUS and ARM [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Software Audio Visual News 5 HandBrake video transcoder reaches version 1.0.0 by Mark Tyson on 28 December 2016, 12:01 Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qadcmo Add to My Vault: HandBrake is a very popular and well regarded software tool for video transcoding. In the developers' own words, the program is designed for "converting video from nearly any format to a selection of modern, widely supported codecs". Even if you have never had a need to transcode video, you might well have heard of HandBrake as it is a popular and key component of many a tech site's CPU benchmarking suite. For example HEXUS used HandBrake, alongside the likes of Cinebench, and wPrime to test the Intel Core i7-7700K (14nm+ Kaby Lake) sample we reviewed earlier this month. Over Christmas the developers of Handbrake reached a key milestone. After being in development for 13 years the transcoding program has reached version 1.0.0. This multi-platform tool (available for Windows, Mac, and Linux) started off as a simple DVD ripping tool for Jean-Louis Gassée's BeOS. As appropriate for a major milestone release, the HandBrake team has published a rather long list of highlights for version 1.0.0. There are "completely overhauled official presets" for transcoding compatibility with various devices and the web, new video encoding libraries for various formats (like VP9), and quality settings (you want x256 in 12-bit?), assembly code optimisations of various encoding routines, updated and new third party library support, a new online documentation resource for users, and many bug fixes and improvements program-wide. You can read through the 1.0.0 release blog post notes for a fuller list of improvements and fixes plus specific fixes on your transcoding platform of choice. You can download the new program direct from the HandBrake site and the source code, if you are so inclined, via Github. Related Reading 27 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update DLL is thought to adjust the system hardware resource allocation logic for games. 0 Futuremark to add further DX12 and Vulkan benchmarks The new 3DMark benchmark suite components will be launched at CES 2017. 2 Raspberry Pi Pixel desktop released for PC and Mac users Built on top of Debian this modern system requires an x86 CPU and just 512MB of RAM. AMD's first Crimson ReLive driver update appears HEXUS Forums :: 5 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by Phage - Wed 28 Dec 2016 12:22 Excellent - Thanks for that. My version insisted it was up to date Posted by watercooled - Wed 28 Dec 2016 12:35 I wonder if there's any improvement on the dreadful default aac codec? Handbrake used to include the decent FDK codec but due to some silly licensing issues they've been forced to fall back to the poor quality, experimental libav AAC codec - something which wasn't made nearly obvious enough (seriously, it's bad enough it deserves a big red flashing warning when faac is selected) and I didn't realise until I'd transcoded a few videos with my own preset and gotten rid of the originals, only to be left wondering why all the videos sounded like they'd been starved of bitrate and recorded next to the sea. Even its creators state the following explicitly: The native encoder is experimental and known to have serious flaws, help on improving it is welcome. Do not use it in production So why do the Handbrake team think it's acceptable to use in production releases? /rant Posted by outwar6010 - Wed 28 Dec 2016 20:40 Phage Excellent - Thanks for that. My version insisted it was up to date Same. I was on 0.10.(something). Posted by izakamaki - Thu 29 Dec 2016 07:38 Although I am a video editor(a novice actually), I really don't know anything about handbrake. I've been using wondershare video converter ultimate for quite a while. Is that somehow superior? Posted by Slogbelly - Fri 30 Dec 2016 22:41 As a long time user of Handbrake, I salute them in this milestone. MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to beyond 7GHz 9 2 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 3 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 4 Cryptic rumour points to air cooled AMD Ryzen hitting 5GHz 9 5 Taiwanese motherboard makers optimistic about AMD Ryzen 6 1 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 2 Day 13: Win an iiyama G-Master 4K monitor 19 3 Festive greetings from all at HEXUS 19 4 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 5 Day 16: Win a Zotac Zbox and Pimax VR 15 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 Aerocool Targets Gamers and RGB Enthusiasts at CES 2017 2 Samsung introduces the stylish, powerful and practical Galaxy A 3 Experience 10 Years of ZOTAC Design and Engineering Excellence at CES 2017 4 Thecus launches two new Windows Storage Server Rackmount NAS 5 PQI into Fingerprint ID Application Market 6 Samsung to Introduce New Quantum Dot Curved Monitor at CES 2017 INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,942 Forum posts: 2,563,248 Forum threads: 247,030 Currently active users: 286 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
null
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Tuesday 03 Jan 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Fibocom releases IoT module with global 3G/2G fallback By Gulli Arnason in Media and Technology · December 28, 2016 Fibocom Wireless has introduced L816-AM, calling it the world´s thinnest LTE Cat 1 module for the North American market with global 3G/2G fallback, the company said. The L816-AM is a multi-mode LTE CAT1 module supporting LTE bands 2, 4 & 12, penta band WCDMA and quad band GSM, and is powered by the Intel XMM 7120M LTE modem. L816-AM includes 8 industrial and 4 carrier certifications across the globe, allowing seamless deployment in the USA, Canada, Europe, Asia Pacific, Japan and South America including Brazil. Fibocom Wireless provides wireless modules for the Internet of Things (IoT). Since 1998, it has been delivering a trusted and secure environment in telematics, wireless retail systems, metering and smart grids, security systems, routers and gateways, digital signage and mobile internet. It is based in Shenzhen, China with additional offices in the United States, Taiwan, and India. Related posts Phobio launches new secure mobile app engaging retail teams December 30, 2016 Phobio has launched Rodio, its new secure mobile app that is a communications platform built... HERE plans partnership with Mobileye to enable crowd-sourced HD mapping for automated driving December 30, 2016 HERE and Mobileye, both leaders in providing technologies for intelligent vehicles, today announced plans for... Pareteum restructures senior secured debt obligation December 30, 2016 Mobile networking software and services provider Pareteum Corporation (NYSE MKT: TEUM) has agreed with its... xG Technology closes on Vislink acquisition December 30, 2016 Critical wireless communications provider xG Technology, Inc. (Nasdaq: XGTI, XGTIW) has closed on the acquisition... General Cable resolves ongoing investigations December 30, 2016 General Cable Corporation (NYSE: BGC) has entered into agreements with the US Securities and Exchange... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Salesforce grants incentive plan equity awards Communications company chooses Zayo for dark fiber » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 December 2016 M T W T F S S « Nov       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology CyberSecurity US charges 3 Chinese hackers over malware attacks on law firms US prosecutors say the three suspects raked in over $4m using insider information. By India Ashok , Graham Lanktree December 28, 2016 11:53 GMT The case follows recent warnings issued by US authorities about law firms being vulnerable to potential cyberattacks and is the latest of its kind to involve hackingiStock Cyber tensions between China and US have resurfaced as American authorities brought forward criminal charges against three Chinese citizens, accused of having hacked into US-based law firms to facilitate insider trading. US authorities reportedly claim that the suspected hackers compromised the unnamed law firms' networks and servers by deploying malware and accessed classified information pertaining to various acquisition deals. According to US prosecutors, the Chinese hacking trio raked in over $4m by placing trades in at least five company stocks, presumably using illegally accessed insider information from several undisclosed law firms. The fraudulent deals involved companies such as Intel Corp (INTC.O) and Pitney Bowes Inc (PBI.N). Despite attempting to hack seven firms, the suspects are alleged to have only infiltrated two. "This case of cyber meets securities fraud should serve as a wake-up call for law firms around the world: you are and will be targets of cyber hacking, because you have information valuable to would-be criminals," said federal attorney Preet Bharara in a US Department of Justice release. The case follows recent warnings issued by US authorities of law firms being vulnerable to potential cyberattacks and is the latest of its kind to involve hacking. Stephen Boyer, co-founder and CTO of BitSight told IBTimes UK, "Legal service providers have access to a company's intellectual property, financials, strategic plans, and private employee information. In addition, law firms are one of the most widely-used third party service providers across the world. The impact of a breach on a law firm could be severe for not only the firm, but also their hundreds of clients." According to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the three men posed as IT professionals, listing themselves as such in brokerage records. The arrest of one of the hackers, Iat Hong, on 25 December in Hong Kong was revealed by Manhattan-based federal attorney Bharara on Tuesday (27 December). Thirteen charges are being levelled against the alleged hackers Hong, Bo Zheng, and Chin Hung — including computer intrusion and insider trading. "The defendants targeted at least seven law firms as well as other entities in an effort to unlawfully obtain valuable confidential and proprietary information," the US Department of Justice said. According to US prosecutors, the trio began their cyberattack campaign in April 2014, targeting email accounts of key personnel in major international US law firms. Those targeted included firm partners working on mergers and acquisitions. The indictment revealed that the trio infected the law firms' servers with malware by using stolen employees' credentials, in efforts to gain access to emails. Reports speculate that one of the law firms affected may likely be New York-based Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP. The firm represented Pitney Bowes in its 2015 acquisition of Borderfree Inc. In March, the firm acknowledged discovering a "limited breach" of its systems in 2015. Boyer warned of the increasing likelihood of similar attacks in the future. "Legal firms, as a sector, are performing in line with the retail industry, which, as we have seen in the headlines, have been and continue to be targeted by attackers," he said. "In 2017, we expect to see more attacks on legal service providers, fuelled by the desire to acquire sensitive data and to attack the firm's clients. Companies cannot neglect legal services providers in the efforts to continuously monitor the security performance of their third party ecosystem." The maximum prison sentence for each of the 13 charges ranges from five to 20 years. Following Hong's arrest on Christmas Day, he now faces extradition proceedings and is expected to reappear in court on 16 January 2017. More Technology News Amazon won't give police the voice data from Echo in murder investigation White House reportedly racing to crack down on Russian hackers before Trump takes office What's on North Korea's Android tablet Woolim? Find out Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Watch IBTimes UK try out PlayStation VR with Battlezone, Batman and more Columnists Laura Davis “What are the biggest challenges for women in 2017? READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... IBTimes UK's top 10 best games of 2016 The IBTimes team looks back at their favourite games. Kissenger: The gadget that stimulates your long-distance lover when you kiss through your phone Researchers claim that the device provides a two-way interaction just... OnePlus 3T and 3 getting official Android 7.0 Nougat OTA update The update brings multi-window view and notification direct reply... Smart devices may soon provide UK police with evidence of crime – report Digital forensic evidence of crime scenes could be used by detectives... Video game preview 2017: Part 1 – Crackdown 3, Ghost Recon Wildlands, Tekken 7 and more The IBTimes UK gaming team kicks off its preview of the most exciting... WhatsApp might stop working for older Android, iPhones and Windows devices WhatsApp has extended support for some devices until 30 June, 2017. Booz Allen subcontracted firm leaked classified US military personnel data – Report The data breach reportedly exposed personal and sensitive data of... Russian hacking of US electricity grid turns out to be a fake news report The Washington Post, which published the report, has issued a note... Donald Trump says he will reveal 'things that other people don't know' about US election hacking Trump urges people to avoid using computers when dealing with... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Retirement Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search S.Korea Fines Qualcomm $854M for Violating Competition Laws ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More S.Korea Fines Qualcomm $854M for Violating Competition Laws Published December 28, 2016 Industries Reuters Facebook Twitter Print South Korea's antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm Inc 1.03 trillion won ($854 million) for what it called unfair business practices in patent licensing and modem chip sales, a decision the U.S. chipmaker said it will challenge in court. Continue Reading Below The fine, the largest ever levied in South Korea, marks the latest antitrust setback for Qualcomm's most profitable business of licensing wireless patents to the mobile industry, at a time when the business is facing headwinds from a cooling smartphone market. The Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) ruled on Wednesday Qualcomm abused its dominant market position and forced handset makers to pay royalties for an unnecessarily broad set of patents as part of sales of its modem chips. Qualcomm also restricted competition by refusing or limiting licensing of its standard essential patents related to modem chips to rival chipmakers such as Intel Corp, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and MediaTek Inc, the regulator said, hindering their sales and leaving their products vulnerable to lawsuits. The regulator ordered Qualcomm to negotiate in good faith with rival chipmakers on patent licensing and renegotiate chip supply agreements with handset makers if requested - measures that would affect the U.S. firm's dealings with major tech companies including Apple Inc, Intel, Samsung and Huawei Technologies Co Ltd if upheld. The KFTC said it began its investigations into Qualcomm's practices in 2014 following complaints from industry participants, but did not name specific companies. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Foreign companies including Apple, Intel, MediaTek and Huawei expressed their views during the regulator's deliberation process, KFTC Secretary General Shin Young-son told a media briefing in the country's administrative capital. "We investigated and decided on these actions because Qualcomm's actions limit overall competition," Shin said, adding that the ruling was not about protecting domestic companies such as Samsung and LG Electronics Inc but about improving market competition for all players. Qualcomm said it will file for an immediate stay of the corrective order and appeal the decision to the Seoul High Court. The firm will also appeal the amount of the fine and the method used to calculate it. "Qualcomm strongly disagrees with the KFTC's announced decision," it said in a statement. The decision in Seoul could mean lower costs for mobile phone makers and others in the tech supply chain who source Qualcomm chips, said a Taiwanese industry executive, declining to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter.   IN REGULATORY CROSSHAIRS The fine is the latest in a series of antitrust rulings and investigations faced by Qualcomm from regulators across the globe. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. Stacy Rasgon, an analyst with AB Bernstein, said the fine itself was large but also said the KFTC's orders for Qualcomm to alter its business practices have bigger future implications for the chipmaker. A major challenge for Qualcomm, he said, would emerge if the ruling forces the company to license patents for some of its chips to rivals such as Intel, which has been competing hard to land its modem chips in mobile phones. "How can they force you to license to a competitor? That's what I never understood. I guarantee Qualcomm won't want to do that," he said, adding that the dispute could take years to play out in South Korean courts. The KFTC fined Qualcomm 273 billion won in 2009 for abusing its dominant position in CDMA modem chips, which were then used in handsets made by Samsung and LG. Regulators in other jurisdictions, including the United States and Taiwan, are also investigating Qualcomm. The KFTC move could serve as a benchmark for some of them. "Korea's decision will serve as an important reference point for us," Chiu Yung-ho, vice chairman and spokesman for Taiwan's Fair Trade Commission, told Reuters. He gave no timeline on when Taiwan's own year-long investigation would be concluded. ($1 = 1,206.4700 won) (Reporting by Se Young Lee; Additional reporting by Hyunjoo Jin in SEOUL, J.R. Wu in TAIPEI and Stephen Nellis in SAN FRANCISCO; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
null
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 28, 2016December 28, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Proposed Fundraising       28 December 2016   INTERCEDE GROUP plc (‘Intercede’, the ‘Company’ or the ‘Group’)   Proposed Issue of Convertible Loan Notes and Subscription Shares     Intercede, the software and service company specialising in identity, credential management and secure mobility is pleased to announce that it has conditionally raised a total of approximately £5.0m (the “Fundraising”) through the issue of £4.495m of convertible loan notes (“CLNs”) which are convertible at 68.8125p and a subscription for up to 877,192 ordinary shares of 1p in the Company (“Ordinary Shares”) at a price of 57.0p per Ordinary Share. The Fundraising remains conditional on approval by shareholders of the Company and it is expected that a notice of General Meeting will shortly be sent to shareholders.   Background to, and reasons for, the Fundraising On 16 September 2016, the Company announced the following trading update:   “The Company announces that it has had a slow start to the current financial year and is continuing to experience delays in the receipt of anticipated MyID license orders from both new and existing customers. Consequently, trading for the year to date is below expectations and the prior year.   The Company still has a strong pipeline of MyID license opportunities and is continuing to make good progress in pursuit of its short to medium term strategic objectives. However, the Board recognises that revenues for the full year are now likely to be lower than last year’s record sales of £11.0m.“   In light of current trading, it is unlikely that the Company will generate sufficient cash in the financial year ending 31 March 2017 to continue to support the Company’s rate of investment in its main areas as initially planned. The Board believes that to continue the journey to becoming a leading enabler of digital trust services and technology for mobile devices and the “Internet of Things”, the Company must undertake the Fundraising to take advantage of the large market opportunity it believes exists.   Use of proceeds The net proceeds of the Fundraising will be used to continue to support the Company’s main areas of selective investment, including:   ·    The development of mobile security applications involving interoperability with technologies such as iOS, Android, Windows and BlackBerry. ·    The establishment and launch of MyTAM, a cloud-based service that enables organisations such as app developers, service providers, banks and media streaming companies to load apps into the TEE built into chipsets in a rapidly increasing proportion of Android devices. ·    Increased collaboration with major industry players such as Intel, Microsoft, ARM and Citrix. ·    Creation of a dedicated Intercede Services team focused on delivering Intercede solutions into the consumer market. ·    Enhancing the core MyID platform to support US Standard FIPS 201-2 compliant derived credentials, thereby extending Intercede’s dominant position in the US federal government PIV market to mobile devices. ·    Re-engineering and expansion of the MyID platform as a cloud-based service to improve scalability to consumer levels and to ensure that all of the new areas of opportunity are supported. ·    Sales and marketing to promote and protect the MyID, MyTAM and RapID names and technology and to build industry relationships.   Information on the CLNs and the Subscription Shares The issue of the CLNs remains conditional on:   ·    the directors of the Company approving the terms of, and the transactions contemplated by, the Subscription Agreement and CLN Instrument; ·    the Company granting security by way of a composite guarantee and debenture in favour of Welbeck to secure the repayment of principal and interest due on the CLNs to the CLN Subscribers; and ·    the passing of the Resolution (which will authorise and empower the directors of the Company to allot the CLNs during the period of five years following the date on which the Resolution is passed). ·    In addition, £1.0m of the £4.495m of CLN’s is conditional on not less than £4.0m being raised in the current fundraising process and on the £1.0m being paid to an offshore bank account which the Company intends to open prior to 31 January 2017.   As and when the CLNs (or any part of them) are due to be redeemed in accordance with the CLN Instrument, the Company shall pay to the CLN Subscriber entitled thereto the principal amount of the CLNs to be redeemed at par together with any accrued and unpaid element of interest (after deduction of tax) up to (but excluding) the date of redemption. The final redemption date is the date falling five years and one day after the date of execution of the CLN Instrument (the Final Redemption Date).   Until the CLNs are redeemed in accordance with the CLN Instrument, the Company shall accrue (and on redemption pay to the relevant CLN Subscriber) interest (after deduction of tax) on the principal amount of the Notes. Interest on the CLNs shall accrue in respect of each interest period at the rate of 8 per cent. per annum.   The Subscription Agreement contains undertakings and warranties given by the Company to the CLN Subscribers and Welbeck (as agent for the CLN Subscribers), including as to the accuracy of information contained in this document, to matters relating to the Group and its business and a customary indemnity given by the Company to Welbeck (in its capacity as agent and security trustee for the CLN Subscribers) in respect of liabilities arising out of or in connection with the CLNs.   The CLNs are convertible into Shares upon the terms set out in the CLN Instrument. A CLN Subscriber shall have the right at any time from the date of issue of the CLNs until the Final Redemption Date to serve a conversion notice on the Company to convert all or part of his CLNs outstanding into Shares at the Conversion Price which for the £4.495m of CLNs referred to above will be £0.688125. Any Shares issued as a result of a Conversion will be issued credited as fully paid up, including any premium thereon, and will rank pari passu with the existing Shares for all dividends and other distributions in respect of the financial year or accounting period of the Company in which the Conversion falls, provided that the record date for such dividends or other distributions falls after the date on which Conversion takes place. In all other respects the Shares issued on Conversion will rank pari passu and form one class with the other Shares in issue in the same class as the Shares on the Conversion date and will carry the rights set out in the articles of association of the Company.   The CLNs are repayable early on certain customary events of default.   The CLNs are not being made available to the public and are not being offered or sold in any jurisdiction where it would be unlawful to do so.   Repayment of principal and interest due on the CLNs to the CLN Subscribers shall be secured by a composite guarantee and debenture to be granted by each member of the Group registered in England in favour of Welbeck (as security trustee for the CLN Subscribers).   The Company is also proposing to raise up to £500,000 (before fees and expenses) by the issue of Subscription Shares. The issue of the Subscription Shares is conditional on AIM Admission becoming effective and not less than £3,500,000 of CLNs being unconditionally allotted. The quantum of Subscription Shares is 10 per cent of the value of the CLN’s to be initially issued subject to a maximum of £500,000. The Subscription Shares will be issued at a price of 57.0p.   Notice of General Meeting A Circular and notice convening a General Meeting, to be held at the offices of the Company at Lutterworth Hall, St. Mary’s Road, Lutterworth, Leicestershire, LE17 4PS at 11.00 a.m. on 27 January 2017, will be posted to shareholders shortly and will be available from the Company’s website at https://www.intercede.com/about-investors. At the General Meeting the Resolution will be proposed as a special resolution authorising the Directors to issue the CLNs on a non-pre-emptive basis. This authorisation will last for a period of five years after the date on which the Resolution is passed. The allotment of the Subscription Shares will utilise the existing authority and power granted to the directors of the Company at the annual general meeting held on 14 September 2016.   The Directors believe that the Resolution to be proposed at the General Meeting is in the best interests of the Company and Shareholders as a whole and unanimously recommend that shareholders vote in favour of the Resolution as they intend to do (or procure be done) in respect of their own beneficial holdings totaling 19,178,621 Shares, representing approximately 39 per cent. of the current issued share capital.   Related Party Transactions Richard Parris, his wife (Jayne Kathryn Murphy), Andrew Walker and The Azalia Trust each propose to subscribe for £30,000, £20,000, £50,000 and £1,000,000 of CLNs (respectively). Each such person is a “related party” of the Company under the AIM Rules and accordingly their participation in the Fundraising constitutes a related party transaction for the purposes of Rule 13 of the AIM Rules. The independent directors (being the Directors apart from Richard Parris, Andrew Walker and Jacques Tredoux who, as potential subscribers or because of their relationship with certain subscribers of CLNs, are not regarded as independent for this purpose), having consulted with the Company’s nominated adviser, finnCap, consider that the terms on which such related parties propose to participate in the Fundraising are fair and reasonable insofar as Shareholders are concerned.   Admission of, and dealings in, the CLNs and AIM Admission of the Subscription Shares Application will be made by the Company to the CISEA as soon as is reasonably practicable following the issue of the CLNs for the CLNs to be admitted to trading on the CISEA. It is expected that trading will become effective by the first Interest Payment Date (as defined in the CLN Instrument, such date expected to be 31 March 2017) and that dealings in the CLNs will commence at 8.00 a.m. on the relevant date.   Application will also be made to the London Stock Exchange for the AIM Admission of the Subscription Shares. It is expected that the AIM Admission of the Subscription Shares will become effective and that dealings in the Subscription Shares on AIM will commence at 8.00 a.m. on 31 January 2017.     ENQUIRIES   Intercede Group plc                                                                 Tel. +44 (0)1455 558 111 Richard Parris, Chairman & Chief Executive Andrew Walker, Finance Director   finnCap                                                                                    Tel. +44 (0)20 7220 0500 Stuart Andrews, Corporate Finance Simon Hicks, Corporate Finance   Bell Pottinger                                                                          Tel. +44 (0)7802 442486 Archie Berens     About Intercede Intercede is a software and service company specializing in identity, credential management and secure mobility. Its solutions create a foundation of trust between connected people, devices and apps and combine expertise with innovation to provide world-class cybersecurity. Intercede has been delivering solutions to high profile customers, from the US and UK governments to some of the world’s largest corporations, telecommunications providers and information technology firms, for over 20 years. Intercede’s product portfolio includes MyID, an identity and credential management system that assigns trusted digital identities to employees citizens and machines. In 2015, Intercede launched MyTAM, enabling trusted applications to be loaded into a mobile device’s Trusted Execution Environment (TEE), providing hardware-level security for Android apps. In 2016, Intercede launched RapID, a secure, easy to implement authentication service for mobile apps and cloud services to completely eliminate the need for passwords.   For more information visit: www.intercede.com   The information communicated in this announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.   Definitions The following definitions apply throughout this document (including the Notice of General Meeting) and the Form of Proxy unless the context requires otherwise:   “Act“ the Companies Act 2006, as amended from time to time; “Admission“ the admission of the CLNs to trading on the CISEA; “AIM“ the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange; “AIM Admission“ the admission of the Subscription Shares to trading on AIM; “AIM Rules“ the AIM Rules for Companies published by the London Stock Exchange, as amended from time to time; “Business Day“ any day on which banks are generally open in England and Wales for the transaction of business, other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday; “CISEA“ the CISEA market operated by the Channel Islands Securities Exchange; “CLN Instrument“ the convertible loan note instrument dated 28 December 2016 executed by the Company constituting the CLNs; “CLN Subscribers“ such persons who subscribe for CLNs in accordance with the terms of the Subscription Agreement; “CLNs“ fixed rate secured convertible loan notes 2021 constituted by the CLN Instrument or, as the case may be, the principal amount outstanding; “Company” or “Intercede“ Intercede Group plc; “Conversion“ conversion of the CLNs into Shares at the relevant Conversion Price in accordance with the terms of the CLN Instrument; “Conversion Price“ the price at which the CLNs convert into Shares, being: (a)    in relation to the Original Notes (as defined in the CLN Instrument), £0.688125 (being a 25 per cent premium to lower of (i) the average closing share price of the Shares for the 10 trading days prior to the announcement to AIM by or on behalf of the Company of the Company making available for subscription the CLNs and (ii) the placing price for Shares issued to investors at the time of such announcement); and (b)    in relation to any Further Notes (as defined in the CLN Instrument), the higher of (i) the price referred to in (a) above and (ii) a 25 per cent premium to the average closing share price of the Shares for the 10 trading days prior to their date of issue, subject, in each case, to adjustment in accordance with the CLN Instrument; “CREST“ a relevant system (as defined in the CREST Regulations) in respect of which Euroclear is the Operator (as defined in the CREST Regulations); “CREST Regulations“ the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 (SI 2001/3755), as amended from time to time; “Directors” or “Board“ the existing directors of the Company “Euroclear“ Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited; “Existing Shares“ the 49,114,547 Shares in issue at the date of this document; “finnCap“ finnCap Ltd (company number 06198898); “FSMA“ Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended from time to time; “Form of Proxy“ the form of proxy for use in connection with the General Meeting; “Fundraising“ the proposed issue of the CLNs and Subscription Shares by the Company; “General Meeting“ the general meeting of the Company to be held at 11.00 a.m. on 27 January 2017 at the offices of Intercede Group plc at Lutterworth Hall, St. Mary’s Road, Lutterworth, Leicestershire, LE17 4PS or any adjournment of it, notice of which is set out in the Notice of General Meeting; “Group” or “Intercede Group“ the Company and its subsidiaries (such subsidiaries being: Intercede Limited, Intercede 2000 Limited and Intercede MyID Inc.); “London Stock Exchange“ London Stock Exchange plc; “Notice of General Meeting“ the notice convening the General Meeting “Regulatory Information Service“ the regulatory information services approved by the London Stock Exchange for the distribution of AIM announcements; “Resolution“ the resolution to be proposed at the General Meeting, details of which will be set out in the Notice of General Meeting; “Shareholders“ the holders of Shares from time to time; “Shares“ ordinary shares of one penny each in the share capital of the Company; “Shares Subscriber“ Peter Lloyd; “Subscription Agreement“ the subscription agreement dated 28 December 2016 made between (1) the Company, (2) Welbeck Capital Partners LLP and (3) the CLN Subscribers; and “Subscription Shares“ up to 877,192 new Shares proposed to be allotted and issued to the Shares Subscriber; and “Welbeck“ Welbeck Capital Partners LLP (OC393454) and/or, as the context requires, Welbeck Ventures LLP (OC401614).   CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Half-year Report Next PostNext Out-licence &amp; Strategic Alliance with Wecast Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Samsung Electronics Unveils Family Hub 2.0 and Smart Built-in Appliances at CES 2017 January 3, 2017 Coast Guard assists disabled vessel in Morris Cove, Conn. January 3, 2017 MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 World Patent Ratings Issues First Round of 2017 Intangible Asset Valuation Reports For Internet Software and Service Providers January 3, 2017 Satellites can improve regional air quality forecasting January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 28, 2016December 28, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Nor-Tech Announces Leading-Edge Enterprise and Entry Level HPC Clusters Integrated with Abaqus 2017 PRWeb Nor-Tech just announced that it is now integrating the latest release of simulation platform Abaqus into its leading-edge HPC clusters. Abaqus 2017 will also be available for a no-cost test drive on simulationclusters.com. Abaqus, a SIMULIA product developed by Dassault Systèmes, is a scalable suite of unified analysis products that allows all users, regardless of simulation expertise or domain focus, to collaborate and seamlessly share simulation data and approved methods with no loss of information fidelity. The Abaqus Unified FEA product suite delivers powerful, comprehensive solutions for both routine and high level engineering problems that cover a vast spectrum of industrial applications. SIMULIA, which creates a new version of Abaqus each year, added the following upgrades to Abaqus 2017: Enhanced Contact and Constraints XFEM Contact Improvements for Abaqus/Standard Advances in LCP (Linear Complimentary Problem) Equation Solver for Abaqus/Standard CZone Enhancements for Abaqus/Explicit Enhanced Materials and Elements Development for Welding and Additive Manufacturing (AM) Event Series Usability Other Key Enhancements: improved direct sparse scalability; explicit dynamic scalability to 1000 cores; GPU acceleration of AMS eigensolver; new material models; Abaqus-SIMPACK integration; table input for user subroutines; progress element activation. Nor-Tech is currently in the process of integrating Abaqus into its demo cluster, which will also make the software available for testing at simulationclusters.com–a site for real-time demonstration of the ROI of upgrading from a workstation to an HPC cluster. The site is a collaboration between Intel, Dassault Systèmes, and Nor-Tech. There is no cost to the user for either simulationclusters.com or the demo cluster. For more than a decade, Nor-Tech has been building easy-to-deploy HPC clusters for the world’s leading research institutions, Fortune 100 companies and pioneering innovators with applications that include automotive, aerospace and life sciences. The company’s cluster capabilities range from 1,000+ core super clusters to smartly engineered entry level clusters. Nor-Tech President and CEO David Bollig said, “We have been working with SIMULIA for many years. While this relationship has been beneficial for both companies, the real winners are our clients because they are able to fully leverage the power of our clusters with Abaqus.” 2016 HPCwire award finalist, Nor-Tech is renowned throughout the scientific, academic, and business communities for easy to deploy turnkey clusters and expert, no wait time support. All of Nor-Tech’s technology is made by Nor-Tech in Minnesota and supported by Nor-Tech around the world. In addition to HPC clusters, Nor-Tech’s custom technology includes workstations, desktops, and servers for a range of applications including CAE, CFD, and FEA. Nor-Tech engineers average 20+ years of experience and are responsible for significant high performance computing innovations. The company has been in business since 1998 and is headquartered in Burnsville, Minn. just outside of Minneapolis. To contact Nor-Tech call 952-808-1000/toll free: 877-808-1010 or visit http://www.nor-tech.com. Full release at: http://www.nor-tech.com/category/news/ Read the full story at http://www.prweb.com/releases/Nor-Tech/hpc_clusters/prweb13948177.htm 
PRWeb.com
 CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ruth Kellgren-Hagen Honored as a Professional of the Year by Strathmore's Who's Who Worldwide Publication Next PostNext Free Online Training for PI Attorneys: How to Defend Against the Insurance Company’s Argument of Preexisting Injury and Low Impact Injury with Low Property Damage Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Samsung Electronics Unveils Family Hub 2.0 and Smart Built-in Appliances at CES 2017 January 3, 2017 Coast Guard assists disabled vessel in Morris Cove, Conn. January 3, 2017 MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 World Patent Ratings Issues First Round of 2017 Intangible Asset Valuation Reports For Internet Software and Service Providers January 3, 2017 Satellites can improve regional air quality forecasting January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
null
null
null
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video South Korea fines Qualcomm $854 million for violating competition laws Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Wed Dec 28, 2016 | 4:54pm EST South Korea fines Qualcomm $854 million for violating competition laws By Se Young Lee and Stephen Nellis | SEJONG, South Korea/SAN FRANCISCO SEJONG, South Korea/SAN FRANCISCO South Korea's antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm Inc (QCOM.O) 1.03 trillion won ($854 million) for what it called unfair business practices in patent licensing and modem chip sales, a decision the U.S. chipmaker said it will challenge in court. The fine, the largest ever levied in South Korea, marks the latest antitrust setback for Qualcomm's most profitable business of licensing wireless patents to the mobile industry, at a time when the business is facing headwinds from a cooling smartphone market. Shares in Qualcomm fell 1.7 percent on Nasdaq. The Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) ruled on Wednesday Qualcomm abused its dominant market position and forced handset makers to pay royalties for an unnecessarily broad set of patents as part of sales of its modem chips. Qualcomm also restricted competition by refusing or limiting licensing of its standard essential patents related to modem chips to rival chipmakers such as Intel Corp (INTC.O), Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (005930.KS) and MediaTek Inc (2454.TW), the regulator said, hindering their sales and leaving their products vulnerable to lawsuits. The regulator ordered Qualcomm to negotiate in good faith with rival chipmakers on patent licensing and renegotiate chip supply agreements with handset makers if requested -- measures that would affect the U.S. firm's dealings with major tech companies including Apple Inc (AAPL.O), Intel, Samsung and Huawei Technologies Co Ltd [HWT.UL] if upheld. The KFTC said it began its investigations into Qualcomm's practices in 2014 following complaints from industry participants, but did not name specific companies. Foreign companies including Apple, Intel, MediaTek and Huawei expressed their views during the regulator's deliberation process, KFTC Secretary General Shin Young-son told a media briefing in the country's administrative capital. "We investigated and decided on these actions because Qualcomm's actions limit overall competition," Shin said, adding that the ruling was not about protecting domestic companies such as Samsung and LG Electronics Inc (066570.KS). Qualcomm said it will file for an immediate stay of the corrective order and appeal the decision to the Seoul High Court. The firm will also appeal the amount of the fine and the method used to calculate it. "Qualcomm strongly disagrees with the KFTC’s announced decision," it said in a statement. The decision in Seoul could mean lower costs for mobile phone makers and others in the tech supply chain who source Qualcomm chips, said a Taiwanese industry executive, declining to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter. IN REGULATORY CROSSHAIRS The fine is the latest in a series of antitrust rulings and investigations faced by Qualcomm from regulators across the globe. In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. Stacy Rasgon, an analyst with AB Bernstein, said the fine itself was large but also said the KFTC's orders for Qualcomm to alter its business practices have bigger future implications for the chipmaker. A major challenge for Qualcomm, he said, would emerge if the ruling forces the company to license patents for some of its chips to rivals such as Intel, which has been competing hard to land its modem chips in mobile phones. The dispute could take years to play out in South Korean courts, he said. The KFTC fined Qualcomm 273 billion won in 2009 for abusing its dominant position in CDMA modem chips, which were then used in handsets made by Samsung and LG. Regulators in other jurisdictions, including the United States and Taiwan, are also investigating Qualcomm. The KFTC move could serve as a benchmark for some of them. "Korea’s decision will serve as an important reference point for us,” Chiu Yung-ho, vice chairman and spokesman for Taiwan’s Fair Trade Commission, told Reuters. He gave no timeline on when Taiwan’s own year-long investigation would be concluded. Even if the Korean decision sets a precedent for regulatory proceedings in other countries, Qualcomm's move to purchase chipmaker NXP Semiconductors (NXPI.O) for $38 billion cuts its reliance on mobile phones, said Bill Kreher, an analyst with Edward Jones. NXP takes Qualcomm into the fast-growing market for automotive chips and puts it into the chip manufacturing business. "The strategy of diversifying the company's business lines may prove to be the most prudent strategy of all," Kreher said. "Since Qualcomm has moved its dependence from royalties, further decisions from other countries such as the U.S. in the future would not impact the company much, relative to in the past." Shares of Qualcomm were down $1.16 to $66.09 in early afternoon trade. (Additional reporting by Hyunjoo Jin in SEOUL, J.R. Wu in TAIPEI, Stephen Nellis in SAN FRANCISCO and Rishika Sadam in BENGALURU) A Qualcomm sign is pictured in front of one of its many buildings in San Diego, California November 5, 2014. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo Next In Technology News Samsung Electronics to reveal Galaxy Note 7 probe results this month: JoongAng Ilbo SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd will announce this month the results of an investigation into what caused some of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones to catch fire, the JoongAng Ilbo newspaper reported on Monday citing unnamed sources. Bitcoin jumps above $1,000 for first time in three years LONDON Digital currency bitcoin kicked off the new year by jumping above $1,000 for the first time in three years late on Sunday, having outperformed all central-bank-issued currencies with a 125 percent climb in 2016. Apple to cut iPhone production in first quarter of 2017: report Apple Inc will trim production of iPhones by about 10 percent in the January-March quarter of 2017, the Nikkei financial daily reported on Thursday, citing calculations based on data from suppliers. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Gardens glow in California light exhibit Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Secure Web Gateway Market Share Analysis, By End User Application, Forecast to 2021 ReportsWeb.com published Global Secure Web Gateway Market from its database. The report shows market is segmented on the basis of product, end user applications and by geography. The report focuses on various industries and the factors leading to growth   (EMAILWIRE.COM, December 28, 2016 ) The global secure web gateway market is estimated to reach $6 billion by 2021 growing at the CAGR of 21% during 2015-2021. The growing internet penetration and the extensive use of internet have given rise to incidence of malware threats. Other major driver is the rising demand among businesses for enhancing productivity through secure data transfer across mobile devices. Moreover, adherence to various data security standards, restore the need to adopt various secure web gateway solutions. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-secure-web-gateway-market-2015-2021 However, the market is witnessing various challenges such as lack of awareness for secure web gateway solutions and lack of adoption among enterprises. Some of the major players in the global secure web gateway market include Check Point Software Technologies, Sophos Ltd., Microsoft Corporation, Dell, Citrix, IBM Corporation, Trend Micro, Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., Symantec Corporation, and Intel Corporation and so on. Organizations are rapidly deploying cloud computing into their business models. Almost all the industrial sectors such as telecom & IT, BFSI, education, healthcare, government, and retail are integrating their data in cloud. This has created a significant threat for data security. Thus, they are rapidly deploying secure web gateway solutions for secure intelligence and enhanced network optimization. Currently IT and communications secure over 20% market share in 2014. However, Healthcare is expected to be the fastest growing segment during 2015-2021. Healthcare organizations are rapidly moving their data into cloud which has created a significant opportunity for the adoption of secure web gateways solution in the sector. The report segmented secure web gateway market on the basis of software solutions, services, deployment type, applications and region. The country level analysis of each geographical region is the USP of our report. The analysis of the report is based on various parameters such as Growing incidences of cyber crime, Growing number of internet users, growing incidence of data breaches across geography and so on. The data is collected through primary and secondary research. The report provides detailed analysis of key market players and their strategies. Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW000172041/sample Company Profiles 1. Symantec Corporation 2. Intel Corporation (McAfee) 3. IBM Corporation 4. Cisco Systems, Inc. 5. Check Point Software Technologies 6. Microsoft Corporation 7. Dell 8. Citrix 9. Trend Micro, Inc. 10. Sophos Ltd. 11. Websense 12. Blue Coat Systems 13. Barracuda Networks 14. F5 Networks, Inc. 15. Trustwave Holdings, Inc. 16. Ancoris Ltd. 17. Riverbed Technology 18. Zscaler, Inc. 19. Finjan Holdings, Inc. 20. Clearswift This Occams research report covers 1. Historical data 2. Revenue forecasts, growth rates and CAGR up to 2021 3. Industry Analysis 4. Competitive Analysis 5. Key geographic growth data Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW000172041/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Apple’s made-in-India iPhone: This is what makes Bengaluru so special By Anirudh Regidi 27   Comments BHIM app review: App for cashless payments launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi By Aditya Madanapalle 24   Comments BSNL offers unlimited local and STD calls for Rs 144 in new plan By tech2 News Staff 4   Comments BHIM app faces high server loads on launch day By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Apple sued by a family in US, claims FaceTime caused fatal car accident 2   Comments more from #Qualcomm Microsoft Surface Phone photos leaked; comes with "Surface Phone" branding CES 2017: Qualcomm, Samsung, Xiaomi and other company keynotes you need to keep a track of A Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X with Snapdragon 653 and 4GB RAM is expected soon Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Qualcomm slapped with $875 million fine in South Korea for “abusing” its market position #Qualcomm 0 By tech2 News Staff /  28 Dec 2016 , 13:44 Qualcomm has been slapped with yet another huge fine for violating fair trade laws, unfair business practices and demanding royalties on an “unnecessarily broad” set of patents. This latest fine has been slapped on Qulacomm by the Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) and amounts to over $854 million, reports Reuters. The US-based Qualcomm was fined over $200 million in 2009 by the KFTC for Qualcomm’s abuse of CDMA patents and has recently coughed up $975 million in China following a 14-month probe into its business practices. Qualcomm is the world’s largest manufacturer and designer of modems and SoCs (System-on-Chip) for mobile devices as well as wearables. The company holds innumerable patents in all fields related to the above products. It also holds a number of standard-essential patents, which, it has been alleged, the company is not willing to properly license to rivals. A standard-essential patent is a patent defining a technical standard that a product must adhere to. Standards organisations are required to ensure that any manufacturer that manufactures a device that complies with standards defined by the patent will be required to license it. The KFTC has ruled that Qualcomm has “abused” its market position by refusing or limiting the licensing of its patents to the likes of Intel, Huawei and others. Qualcomm is understandably miffed, with a representative stating, “How can they force you to license to a competitor? That’s what I never understood. I guarantee Qualcomm won’t want to do that.” The investigation is reported to have started in 2014 following complaints from unnamed “industry participants.” “We investigated and decided on these actions because Qualcomm’s actions limit overall competition,” KFTC Secretary General Shin Young-Son in a media briefing. Chipmakers like Intel have been trying to get into the lucrative modem and mobile SoC market, but haven’t been able to get a proper toe-hold just yet. Intel did succeed in getting Apple to use Intel modems in certain models of the iPhone 7, but these modems have proven themselves less capable than Qualcomm’s offerings. A ruling of this nature has serious implications for Qualcomm. Tags: Huawei, Intel, IoT, KFTC, Korea Fair Trade Commission, mobile chipset, modem, Patent law, Qualcomm, Snapdragon, SoC, standard essential patents, system on chip Also read Banking apps and digital wallets are not fully secure, says Qualcomm Qualcomm follows many others in pointing out vulnerabilities of electronic financial transactions in India X Recommended For You CES 2017: Qualcomm, Samsung, Xiaomi and other company keynotes you need to keep a track of A Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X with Snapdragon 653 and 4GB RAM is expected soon Gionee M2017 with 7,000mAh battery, 6GB RAM and Dual rear camera launched in China SoftBank will invest $1 billion in Satellite Venture OneWeb as part of the $50 billion pledge to USA Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #BHIM Jan 2, 2017 BHIM App is the leader in the ‘Top Free Apps’ category on the Google Play Store #Nasa Jan 2, 2017 Nasa’s Neowise mission discovers a comet that may be visible from the first week of 2017 #Partnered Dec 29, 2016 Your guide to be a Selfie Expert #Samsung Jan 2, 2017 Samsung launches Galaxy A7, A5, A3 (2017) series smartphones with USB Type-C #presidential election Jan 2, 2017 US releases 13-page long analysis report detailing Russia’s role in presidential election hacking #Apple Jan 2, 2017 Apple’s parts supplier Wistron looking for permission to expand in Bengaluru SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
The Year of SurpriseDemonetisation news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Demonetisation News Home » Leisure Last Modified: Thu, Dec 29 2016. 05 40 AM IST Review: Lenovo ThinkPad 11e is an ideal travel gadget Lenovo has made something for users looking for a compact laptop that can not only withstand rugged use but also handle some heavy tasks as well Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Abhijit Ahaskar Targeted at college students and professionals on move, the new ThinkPad 11e, priced at Rs 46,850, offers the goodness of the ThinkPad series at a lower price. Well known for its productivity centric laptops, Lenovo had added a new notebook to its compact line-up of productivity laptops in the 11e series. Targeted at college students and professionals on move, the new ThinkPad 11e, priced at Rs46,850, offers the goodness of the ThinkPad series at a lower price without compromising on any of the basics. Click here for enlarge Design: Sturdy and compact The ThinkPad 11e is made of a good quality plastic with a matte finish. This gives it a robust build quality and also keeps it clean and free form smudges. The device itself is compact and weighs just 1.4kg. This makes carrying it around quite easy. The hinges connecting the lid to the base are wide and made of metal while the edges of the lid have been beefed with rubber bumpers. The lid carries the ThinkPad logo and a light indicator which glows green when the laptop is on and red when it is charging. It is far from sleek which means there is no compromise in terms of connectivity options. User get two USB 3.0 connectors, an HDMI port, a LAN port and SD card slot. The power button and the two volume keys are placed together on the side panel. Display: Small and non-reflective The 11.6-inch HD (1,366x768p) display is big enough for reading, web browsing, typing, checking emails and social media posts. It is not a very sharp looking display but video looks good. We did notice a sight colour shift on tilting the display backwards. The anti-glare coating is a big bonus as it puts less stress on eyes and doesn’t reflect at all in brightly lit rooms. Performance: Powerful enough The ThinkPad 11e runs on Intel’s 6th gen Core i3 processor with 4GB RAM and 128GB SSD. It is adequately powerful to tackle most day to day tasks, multi-tasking and some casual games with ease. We didn’t notice any heating or performance issues. The big highlight is the battery life. On a single chare it can muster 7 to 8 hours of backup with ease, which is good enough for professionals on move. It runs Windows 10 Home edition pre-loaded on it. Click here for enlarge The laptop offers the comfort of a ThinkPad keyboard for the tactile feedback, slight dip. Though then are not as big as in the keys of regular ThinkPad laptop, it is as comfortable to type and use. The lack of backlighting does affect typing in the dark a bit. Lenovo has managed to accommodate a wide enough palm rest and touchpad so one can use it without a mouse. Verdict This is one of the most compact ThinkPad notebooks you can get for less than Rs 50,000. It is powerful enough for most tasks, has a dependable battery backup, impressive keyboard. In case you are looking for something with a more premium design and ultra-book type form-factor, you can consider the Asus ZenBook Flip UX360CA (Rs46,990) which also offers 4GB RAM and 128GB SSD but runs on slightly inferior Intel 6th gen m3 processor. What gives it a slight edge over the ThinkPad 11e is the touch display, the convertible design, sleek form factor and premium design. Abhijit Ahaskar Topics: Lenovo ThinkPad 11eNotebookWindows 10asus zenbook fliptravel gadget More From Livemint READ MORE Sops only a sentimental boost; rally in cement stocks will soon fizzle Are lending rate cuts a desperate attempt to stoke the dying embers of credit offtake? How much has demonetisation affected the stock market? First Published: Wed, Dec 28 2016. 12 36 PM IST Editor's Picks Narendra Modi: The man who would purify India Demonetisation takes toll on investment, manufacturing Can Budget 2017 provide a push for growth after demonetisation shock? Latest News Sops only a sentimental boost; rally in cement stocks will soon fizzle Are lending rate cuts a desperate attempt to stoke the dying embers of credit offtake? How much has demonetisation affected the stock market? Opening bell: Asian markets open higher; SBI, Hero Moto, Hathway Cable in news Govt to showcase development schemes at Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas conclave Mint On Sunday The Asian hornet comes to Britain The maiden novels of Indian languages I swear by the stars in the sky, I’m not going to take any shit from anyone Vitas Gerulaitis served an ace of a punchline What the world’s top chefs like to eat at home Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 28 December 2016 | MYT 2:26 PM S. Korea regulator fines Qualcomm US$854m for violating competition laws SEJONG, South Korea: South Korea's antitrust regulator fined Qualcomm Inc 1.03 trillion won (US$854 million) for what it called unfair business practices in patent licensing and modem chip sales, a decision the US firm said it will challenge in court. The Korea Fair Trade Commission (KFTC) said on Wednesday Qualcomm abused its dominant market position and forced handset makers to pay royalties for an unnecessarily broad set of patents as part of sales of its modem chips. The fine is the largest ever levied in South Korea. The US firm also hindered competition by refusing or limiting licensing of its standard essential patents for modem chips to rival chipmakers such as Intel Corp, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and MediaTek Inc, limiting competition, the regulator said. Qualcomm said in a statement it will file for an immediate stay of the corrective order and appeal the decision to the Seoul High Court. The firm will also appeal the amount of the fine and the method used to calculate it. "Qualcomm strongly disagrees with the KFTC's announced decision," it said. The fine is the latest in a series of antitrust rulings and investigations on Qualcomm by regulators across the globe. Qualcomm paid a US$975 million fine in China in February 2015 following a 14-month probe, while the European Union in December 2015 accused the chipmaker of abusing its market power to thwart rivals. The KFTC ordered Qualcomm to correct its business practices by negotiating patent licensing with competing chipmakers in good faith and without unfair requirements such as restricting potential customers the licensees can sell chips to. The regulator also ordered Qualcomm to end unnecessarily broad patent licensing requirements to handset makers in modem chip sales agreements and said it must renegotiate contracts with handset makers if requested to do so. "This case fundamentally corrects a business model that allowed Qualcomm to maintain and extend its dominance," the KFTC said in a statement. Regulators in other jurisdictions, including the United States and Taiwan, are also investigating Qualcomm. - Reuters Tags / Keywords: Corporate News You May Be Interested Malaysian palm oil/Vegoils: Market factors to watch Tuesday Jan 3 Cypark remains an Add for CIMB Research Doubles 'goddess' Goh is now single Another viral video of another Ipoh 'daredevil' Traffic crawl along major highways Quality homes below RM400k Others Also Read At least 50 killed in Brazil prison riot - Globo Analysts negative on Felda deal Fund Managers' pick Property Related advertisement Latest News Cypark remains an Add for CIMB Research Ringgit kicks off the new year on a soft note AmInvestment retains Buy on CIMB as more upside seen Breakfast briefing: Tuesday, January 3 KLCI off to cautious start for 2017 as Maybank, Axiata weigh Most Viewed in Business EPF not to be blamed for leaving FGV Ringgit expected to remain volatile in 2017 Felda Global Ventures confident of emerging stronger in 2017 Ringgit kicks off the new year on a soft note PNB appoints Zarinah, Awang Adek directors Discounted airfares to dominate airlines sector this year Malaysia's property market still resilient despite challenges Oil prices rise as markets eye OPEC, non-OPEC production cuts Promising 2017 outlook for construction Malaysia's Petronas and 28 others certified by Iran to bid for oil and gas contracts advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
