Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News A Brand New McAfee Commits to Building a Safer Future NEWS HIGHLIGHTS – McAfee announces new status as a standalone cybersecurity company dedicated to enabling technology, people and organisations to work together – Closing of previously announced investment from TPG Capital and Intel that valued the company at $4.2 billion USD – In connection with the close of this transaction, Thoma Bravo joins as a minority investor through an agreement with TPG – Partnership provides McAfee with capital to accelerate growth and enhance focus as a standalone business – Previous Intel Security general manager Christopher Young named McAfee CEO  Santa Clara, Calif., April 4, 2017 – McAfee (the “Company”), the globally trusted security provider, announced today that it has begun operating as a new standalone company. As a standalone business, McAfee is one of the world’s largest pure-play cybersecurity firms. Built on the belief that “Together is Power,” the new McAfee will expand upon its leading security solutions platform to better enable customers to effectively identify and orchestrate responses to cyber-threats.  The launch of McAfee marks the closing of the previously announced investment by TPG and Intel Corporation (INTC) to establish a pure-play cybersecurity company with access to significant capital, operational and technology resources. Additionally, McAfee announced that leading private equity investment firm Thoma Bravo has joined, as a minority investor in the Company, through an agreement with TPG. As previously announced, Intel is retaining a 49 percent equity stake in the new entity.  With the help of its new investment partners, McAfee will apply greater market focus, build its platform and target new financial, operational and technology investments to better address the cybersecurity market’s significant global growth opportunity. Intel Senior Vice President and General Manager Chris Young will lead the new McAfee as Chief Executive Officer. TPG Partner Bryan Taylor has been named Chairman of the Board.  “Cybersecurity is the greatest challenge of the connected age, weighing heavily on the minds of parents, executives and world leaders alike,” said Christopher Young, CEO of McAfee. “As a standalone company with a clear purpose, McAfee gains the agility to unite people, technology and organisations against our common adversaries and ensure our technology-driven future is safe.”  “We offer Chris Young and the McAfee team our full support as they establish themselves as one of the largest pure-play cybersecurity companies in the industry,” said Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO. “Security remains important to Intel, and in addition to our equity position and ongoing collaboration with McAfee, Intel will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices.” “Since its founding, McAfee has been dedicated to offering its customers industry-leading cybersecurity solutions,” said Bryan Taylor, Partner at TPG Capital and Chairman of the Board at McAfee. “Its ongoing commitment to product innovation, a rich partner ecosystem, and superior customer service has created a trusted brand that will thrive as a standalone entity. We look forward to working with the company and our partners to accelerate growth and continue building a leading cybersecurity platform that serves to protect customers in today’s changing environment.” “McAfee is a global organisation with a 30-year history and a brand known the world over for innovation, trust and collaboration. Given our years of focus on the security software sector, we see great opportunity for McAfee to continue to advance and innovate,” said Seth Boro, a Managing Partner at Thoma Bravo. “Our deep sector knowledge and history of helping build successful businesses will be an asset to the company, and we look forward to working with the management team and our colleagues at TPG and Intel to guide McAfee through its next chapter of growth.” The New McAfee The company also outlined a new strategic vision, focused on innovation, trust, and collaboration. Innovation McAfee represents more than 7,500 of the industry’s most talented cybersecurity professionals, while holding more than 1,200 security technology patents and ongoing industry recognition for its products. McAfee is also home to McAfee Labs, one of the world’s leading sources for cyber-threat intelligence. McAfee’s people, technology and insights enable McAfee solutions to correlate real-world data collected from millions of sensors across key threat vectors and inform the next generations of McAfee product innovation. Trust From the moment the first worm was unleashed on the internet in 1988, to the massive 2016 Mirai distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack, the cybersecurity industry has witnessed exponential growth in the volume and variety of cyber-threats. For the last three decades, McAfee has earned the trust of consumers, businesses and governments by delivering practical solutions to address these threats. Today, McAfee’s award winning products and solutions today protect more than 74.9 million endpoints daily, including 87% of the world’s largest banks and Fortune 100 firms and more than 263 million consumer endpoints. Collaboration McAfee believes in the power of working together—only when people, technology and organisations work together can we become safer. The McAfee Security Innovation Alliance, the industry’s premier technology partnering program, boasts more than 135 partners globally. Over the past year, more than 30 partners have integrated or planned integrations with the McAfee Data Exchange Layer (DXL), the industry- endorsed communication fabric providing real-time interaction between applications. Goldman Sachs, & Co., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, RBC Capital Markets, and UBS Investment Bank served as financial advisors to TPG and Thoma Bravo, and Allen & Company LLC served as financial advisor to Intel. Ropes & Gray served as legal advisors to TPG, Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP served as legal advisors to Intel, and Kirkland & Ellis served as legal advisors to Thoma Bravo. About McAfee McAfee is one of the world’s leading independent cybersecurity companies. Inspired by the power of working together, McAfee creates business and consumer solutions that make the world a safer place. www.mcafee.com About Intel Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel can be found at newsroom.intel.com and intel.com. About TPG TPG is a leading global alternative asset firm founded in 1992 with more than $74 billion USD of assets under management and offices in Austin, Beijing, Boston, Dallas, Fort Worth, Hong Kong, Houston, Istanbul, London, Luxembourg, Melbourne, Moscow, Mumbai, New York, San Francisco, São Paulo, and Singapore. TPG’s investment platforms are across a wide range of asset classes, including private equity, growth venture, real estate, credit, and public equity. TPG aims to build dynamic products and options for its investors while also instituting discipline and operational excellence across the investment strategy and performance of its portfolio. For more information, visit http://www.tpg.com/. About Thoma Bravo Thoma Bravo is a leading private equity firm focused on the software and technology-enabled services sectors. With a series of funds representing more than $17 billion USD in capital commitments, Thoma Bravo partners with a company’s management team to implement operating best practices, invest in growth initiatives and make accretive acquisitions intended to accelerate revenue and earnings, with the goal of increasing the value of the business. Representative past and present portfolio companies include industry leaders such as Blue Coat Systems, Deltek, Digital Insight, Global Healthcare Exchange, Hyland Software, PowerPlan, Riverbed, SolarWinds, SonicWall, Sparta Systems and TravelClick. The firm has offices in San Francisco and Chicago. For more information, visit www.thomabravo.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Surgical Stapling Devices Market by Type, Size, Share, Cost, Revenue, Applications and Forecast 2017-2021 Next PostNext Spino: A Simple Solution for a Healthy Back by Notion Innovations Search Recent Posts Plantronics Opens New Office in the Netherlands Purpose-Built to Showcase the Benefits and Best Practices Associated With ‘Smarter Working’ Asia-Pacific Carbon Copy Paper Market Analysis, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2022 Diet Doc’s Dr. Rao Discusses the Popular „Egg Diet” and Recommends Better Weight Loss Solutions Restamax Oyj: RESTAMAXIN TILINPÄÄTÖS, SELVITYS HALLINTO- JA OHJAUSJÄRJESTELMÄSTÄ SEKÄ PALKKA- JA PALKKIOSELVITYS 2016 JULKAISTU Restamax Plc: RESTAMAX’S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT AND REMUNERATION STATEMENT FOR 2016 HAVE BEEN PUBLISHED Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Computers Intel to Develop Hybrid Kaby Lake-G Processor; Will Feature Multi Die Design By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on April 4, 2017 01:42 PM At the moment, major semiconductor foundry both in Asia and America are boasting the 10nm process node. However, there are some reports that this technology is quite tricky to accomplish, especially on a complete die. This is why Intel came up with a hybrid technology that will feature multiple process nodes and dies on its next line of Kaby Lake-G processors. According to a recent leak from Benchlife, the new heterogeneous or hybrid design will make use of multiple process nodes for various parts of the processor. For the main core and GPU, Intel will use its current 10nm process node. For other parts like IO and communication peripherals, it could use a much older technology which is the 14nm process. Finally, on other non-critical parts of the chip, Intel could use a process node that is a lot more older, for instance a 22nm process node. Intel Kaby Lake-G road map (via intel.com) In addition to multi-node design, Intel is also considering a multi-die design strategy. In this case, the CPU will be interconnected with other peripherals like HBM2 memory using the flip-chip technology. Multiple dies will be connected via a silicon bridge instead of a usual interposer commonly used in fanout chip design. This new strategy will ensure that good die-to-die interconnection is being maximized while maintaining a small die footprint and lower overall cost. At the moment, apart from a few details, nothing much is known about the Intel Kaby Lake-G processors. However, consumers can expect chips made from this node will be used for embedded and laptop applications. According to the same reports from Benchlife, the Kaby Lake-G will come with two SKUs, a 65W and a 100W TDP chip. Furthermore, unlike the earlier Kaby Lake processors, this version will not have in-built PCH controller. Instead, system developers will need to implement their own external PCH bridge to use the Kaby Lake-G. For more updates on the Intel Kaby Lake-G, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also Read: Snapdragon 835-based HTC U Phone Renders Leaked Intel to Develop Hybrid Kaby Lake-G Processor; Will Feature Multi Die Design April 4th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:Inte Kaby Lake, intel, Intel Kaby Lake-G Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Intel 10nm Chips Will Be Better And Cheaper Than Samsung, Qualcomm Intel Introduces Optane SSD DC P4800X, It’s Fastest Solid State Drive Yet 32-Core Intel Skylake EP Xeon E5 2699 v5 Benchmark Surfaces Online About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Injustice 2 Gotham City Sirens: Catwoman Trailer Teases The Popular DC Team Mass Effect Andromeda: What To Expect From The April 4 Announcement Red Dead Redemption 2: What It Can Learn From Zelda Breath Of The Wild Injustice 2 Gotham City Sirens: Catwoman Trailer Teases The Popular DC Team Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Injustice 2 Gotham City Sirens: Catwoman Trailer Teases The Popular DC Team No one expected Injustice 2 Gotham City Sirens, since the upcoming game is a... Destiny 2 Release Details Leaked By GameStop; DLCs, Carryovers, And More Revealed By Bungie Last week was a good week for Destiny fans as Bungie had a lot... Pokemon GO Shiny Magikarp Spawns Confirmed Permanent, New Shinies Possibly Soon The official Pokemon GO Twitter confirmed that the Water Festival event has finally concluded.... Mass Effect Andromeda Update: Bioware To Address Feedback On April 4 It looks like Bioware will be discussing a possible Mass Effect Andromeda update soon,... Destiny 2 Gameplay Trailer: Where To Watch And What To Expect From Bungie Bungie probably has a ton of amazing features in store for Destiny 2 and... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go featured Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook PC iOS pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Pokemon Go Update Marvel Stephen Heller Overwatch NBA 2k17 iPad iPhone 7 Game of Thrones Blizzard games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
A Brand New McAfee Commits to Building a Safer Future NEWS HIGHLIGHTS McAfee announces new status as a standalone cybersecurity company dedicated to enabling technology, people and organizations to work together Closing of previously announced investment from TPG Capital and Intel that valued the company at $4.2 billion In connection with the close of this transaction, Thoma Bravo joins as a minority investor through an agreement with TPG Partnership provides McAfee with capital to accelerate growth and enhance focus as a standalone business Previous Intel Security general manager Christopher Young named McAfee CEO Loading media player... A Brand New McAfee Download Windows Media Video Quicktime MPEG-4 Video ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? A Brand New McAfee Windows Media Video Quicktime MPEG-4 Video Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 04, 2017 12:01 AM Eastern Daylight Time SANTA CLARA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--McAfee (the “Company”), the globally trusted security provider, announced today that it has begun operating as a new standalone company. As a standalone business, McAfee is one of the world’s largest pure-play cybersecurity firms. Built on the belief that “Together is Power,” the new McAfee will expand upon its leading security solutions platform to better enable customers to effectively identify and orchestrate responses to cyber-threats. The launch of McAfee marks the closing of the previously announced investment by TPG and Intel Corporation (INTC) to establish a pure-play cybersecurity company with access to significant capital, operational and technology resources. Additionally, McAfee announced that leading private equity investment firm Thoma Bravo has joined, as a minority investor in the Company, through an agreement with TPG. As previously announced, Intel is retaining a 49 percent equity stake in the new entity. With the help of its new investment partners, McAfee will apply greater market focus, build its platform and target new financial, operational and technology investments to better address the cybersecurity market’s significant global growth opportunity. Intel Senior Vice President and General Manager Chris Young will lead the new McAfee as Chief Executive Officer. TPG Partner Bryan Taylor has been named Chairman of the Board. “Cybersecurity is the greatest challenge of the connected age, weighing heavily on the minds of parents, executives and world leaders alike,” said Christopher Young, CEO of McAfee. “As a standalone company with a clear purpose, McAfee gains the agility to unite people, technology and organizations against our common adversaries and ensure our technology-driven future is safe.” “We offer Chris Young and the McAfee team our full support as they establish themselves as one of the largest pure-play cybersecurity companies in the industry,” said Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO. “Security remains important to Intel, and in addition to our equity position and ongoing collaboration with McAfee, Intel will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices.” “Since its founding, McAfee has been dedicated to offering its customers industry-leading cybersecurity solutions,” said Bryan Taylor, Partner at TPG Capital and Chairman of the Board at McAfee. “Its ongoing commitment to product innovation, a rich partner ecosystem, and superior customer service has created a trusted brand that will thrive as a standalone entity. We look forward to working with the company and our partners to accelerate growth and continue building a leading cybersecurity platform that serves to protect customers in today’s changing environment.” “McAfee is a global organization with a 30-year history and a brand known the world over for innovation, trust and collaboration. Given our years of focus on the security software sector, we see great opportunity for McAfee to continue to advance and innovate,” said Seth Boro, a Managing Partner at Thoma Bravo. “Our deep sector knowledge and history of helping build successful businesses will be an asset to the company, and we look forward to working with the management team and our colleagues at TPG and Intel to guide McAfee through its next chapter of growth.” The New McAfee The company also outlined a new strategic vision, focused on innovation, trust, and collaboration. Innovation McAfee represents more than 7,500 of the industry’s most talented cybersecurity professionals, while holding more than 1,200 security technology patents and ongoing industry recognition for its products. McAfee is also home to McAfee Labs, one of the world’s leading sources for cyber-threat intelligence. McAfee’s people, technology and insights enable McAfee solutions to correlate real-world data collected from millions of sensors across key threat vectors and inform the next generations of McAfee product innovation. Trust From the moment the first worm was unleashed on the internet in 1988, to the massive 2016 Mirai distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack, the cybersecurity industry has witnessed exponential growth in the volume and variety of cyber-threats. For the last three decades, McAfee has earned the trust of consumers, businesses and governments by delivering practical solutions to address these threats. Today, McAfee’s award winning products and solutions today protect more than 74.9 million endpoints daily, including 87% of the world’s largest banks and Fortune 100 firms and more than 263 million consumer endpoints. Collaboration McAfee believes in the power of working together—only when people, technology and organizations work together can we become safer. The McAfee Security Innovation Alliance, the industry’s premier technology partnering program, boasts more than 135 partners globally. Over the past year, more than 30 partners have integrated or planned integrations with the McAfee Data Exchange Layer (DXL), the industry-endorsed communication fabric providing real-time interaction between applications. Goldman Sachs, & Co., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, RBC Capital Markets, and UBS Investment Bank served as financial advisors to TPG and Thoma Bravo, and Allen & Company LLC served as financial advisor to Intel. Ropes & Gray served as legal advisors to TPG, Skadden LLP, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom served as legal advisors to Intel, and Kirkland & Ellis served as legal advisors to Thoma Bravo. For more information, please visit the McAfee Press Kit. About McAfee McAfee is one of the world’s leading independent cybersecurity companies. Inspired by the power of working together, McAfee creates business and consumer solutions that make the world a safer place. www.mcafee.com About Intel Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel can be found at newsroom.intel.com and intel.com. About TPG TPG is a leading global alternative asset firm founded in 1992 with more than $74 billion of assets under management and offices in Austin, Beijing, Boston, Dallas, Fort Worth, Hong Kong, Houston, Istanbul, London, Luxembourg, Melbourne, Moscow, Mumbai, New York, San Francisco, São Paulo, and Singapore. TPG’s investment platforms are across a wide range of asset classes, including private equity, growth venture, real estate, credit, and public equity. TPG aims to build dynamic products and options for its investors while also instituting discipline and operational excellence across the investment strategy and performance of its portfolio. For more information, visit http://www.tpg.com/. About Thoma Bravo Thoma Bravo is a leading private equity firm focused on the software and technology-enabled services sectors. With a series of funds representing more than $17 billion in capital commitments, Thoma Bravo partners with a company’s management team to implement operating best practices, invest in growth initiatives and make accretive acquisitions intended to accelerate revenue and earnings, with the goal of increasing the value of the business. Representative past and present portfolio companies include industry leaders such as Blue Coat Systems, Deltek, Digital Insight, Global Healthcare Exchange, Hyland Software, PowerPlan, Riverbed, SolarWinds, SonicWall, Sparta Systems and TravelClick. The firm has offices in San Francisco and Chicago. For more information, visit www.thomabravo.com. McAfee and the McAfee logo are trademarks of McAfee LLC in the United States and other countries. *Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others. Contacts McAfee Jaime Le Jaime_Le@McAfee.com or Zeno Group Melinda Jenkins Melinda.Jenkins@zenogroup.com #Hashtags #NewMcAfee #TogetherisPower #Cyberthreats Social Media Profiles McAfee on Facebook McAfee on LinkedIn Contacts McAfee Jaime Le Jaime_Le@McAfee.com or Zeno Group Melinda Jenkins Melinda.Jenkins@zenogroup.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Intel divests McAfee after rough marriage, will now secure hardware Intel divests McAfee after rough marriage, will now secure hardware Intel will focus on putting security hooks in hardware and components Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 04 April, 2017 14:01 - - - - print email Comments Intel's finally washing its hands of McAfee after seven up and down years, which included a lawsuit last year from John McAfee, after whom the company is named. The chip maker has divested its majority holdings in McAfee to investment firm TPG for US$3.1 billion. McAfee will now again become a standalone security company, but Intel will retain a minority 49 percent stake. The chip maker will focus internal operations on hardware-level security. For Intel, dumping majority ownership in McAfee amounts to a loss. It spent $7.68 billion to acquire McAfee in 2010, which was a head-scratcher at the time. Intel's McAfee acquisition will stand as one of the company's worst acquisitions. The chip maker had the right idea when it acquired McAfee -- to add layers of security to hardware and components. Intel embedded McAfee technology in firmware at the PC and server chip level, and developed security management tools. McAfee technology was also used in hardware using real-time operating systems. However, McAfee had little ties to Intel's core hardware strategy. Intel was running a parallel hardware security strategy that had little to no ties to McAfee, which was renamed Intel Security. The chip maker was developing trusted boot systems and partnering with other companies on server security and secure payments. The McAfee acquisition gave Intel deep insight into the security arena, said Doug Fisher, senior vice president and general manager of the Software and Services Group at Intel. Separating the companies will put McAfee in a better position to grow in the software area, which is its core competency, Fisher said. It also leaves Intel in a better position to grow in hardware-level security at the chip and firmware levels, he added. Intel's focus will be on putting instructions and hooks on its silicon to protect users. It is already providing secure areas in its chips where user authentication data can be stored. For example, it's SGX (Software Guard Extensions) feature can authenticate users so content providers can stream 4K video to authorized PCs. It wants to use similar features to ensure secure payments from PCs. Security is also a big concern in IoT devices, but Intel will rely on partnerships. Intel is a member of Open Connectivity Foundation, and will work with industry partners to develop IoTivity protocols, which aim for secure connectivity between devices with multiple OSes and wireless technologies. Intel also is expanding into self-driving cars, where security is a big consideration. Hacking into the software controls of a self-driving car could be disastrous, and Intel is putting supercomputers in vehicles that will need to be secured. Another area of focus is the ability to securely deliver over-the-air updates to self driving cars, Fisher said. Intel will deliver a reference architecture to harden edge devices and gateways for automobile security. There will also be automobile security standards that could protect self-driving cars from hacks, Fisher said. VR is still in its infancy, and so are the security considerations. In virtual worlds, security could be much like it is in the real world, where certain virtual areas are cordoned off from unauthorized users. Also, Intel wants to cut the cord from VR headsets with secure wireless connections to PCs, Fisher said. The fate of some products like True Key -- which allows users to log into Windows PCs via biometric authentication -- are not yet known. True Key is a competitor to Microsoft's Windows Hello. Intel will also work with Microsoft to promote Windows Hello. ​CIO Executive Council member profile: Emmanuel Steve Dulvin More from CIO Executive Council Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about IntelIntel SecurityMicrosoft Editor's Recommendations When will the IT project madness end? Ridley leads charge on 'intelligent built environments' in digital age Regaining trust after a digital government failure Tech dreams come true: Origin’s Kelly Ferguson reveals personal journey Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Accelerating digital business in the 4th industrial revolution Mastering the science of IT spend Read more Silver Peak Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies PCI: It’s Not Just for Card Companies Anymore Detecting a Phising Email Latest Jobs Manager Portfolio Planning QLD Contracts Manager NSW Contracts Manager NSW Project Coordinator/Administrator NSW Head of Architecture, Global Financial Institution NSW Senior Project Manager - Digital / Media NSW New Business Lead - Professional Services (Pre-Sales) NSW Delivery Executive SA ICT Project Manager NSW Contracts Manager NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next ​Australia Post, Blackmores join Alibaba in food fraud crackdown Brugeaud’s app to back blocking of bad booty at the border ​Espionage expert offers five viewpoints on state-sponsored hacking CSO Online In pictures: Breakfast - Information governance in a digital world 10 things you may not know about Google New era, new buzzphrase: We're headed for 'Digital Cohesion' CSO Security industry “has failed the customer”, exec concedes as reborn McAfee spruiks consulting, integration growth McAfee is once again an independent company Intel divests McAfee after rough marriage, will now secure hardware Notorious iOS spyware has an Android sibling Banking hackers left a clue that may link them to North Korea Computerworld GetSwift’s logistics platform comes to CBA’s Albert Australian enterprises face threat from compromised MSPs CBA launches analytics platform for SMBs Justice Dept. says replacing U.S. workers may bring lawsuit Senate bill would pay doctors to use Facetime with patients ARN Optus beefs up connectivity and support for the Gold Coast 2018 Commonwealth Games Lenovo launches new data centre partner program in A/NZ ​How vendors can help partners grow in 2017 New local jobs flagged amid DXC Technology launch Windows 7 is in no rush to leave Techworld Intel divests McAfee after rough marriage, will now secure hardware Notorious iOS spyware has an Android sibling New ONOS release helps automate network configuration Banking hackers left a clue that may link them to North Korea As computing changes, Intel takes a fresh approach to chip design CMO ​Coca-Cola data chief on the art of connecting with customers ExactTarget co-founder joins Experian cross-channel marketing division following sale Google, Coles, Cambridge Analytica on harnessing data to offer personalised experiences CMO interview: Why Emarsys’ marketing chief thinks AI will trigger a creativity renaissance Getting prepared for mandatory data breach reporting Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Computerworld New Zealand Intel divests McAfee after rough marriage, will now secure hardware News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Intel divests McAfee after rough marriage, will now secure hardware Intel will focus on putting security hooks in hardware and components Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 04 April, 2017 14:01 - - - - print email Comments Intel's finally washing its hands of McAfee after seven up and down years, which included a lawsuit last year from John McAfee, after whom the company is named. The chip maker has divested its majority holdings in McAfee to investment firm TPG for US$3.1 billion. McAfee will now again become a standalone security company, but Intel will retain a minority 49 percent stake. The chip maker will focus internal operations on hardware-level security. For Intel, dumping majority ownership in McAfee amounts to a loss. It spent $7.68 billion to acquire McAfee in 2010, which was a head-scratcher at the time. Intel's McAfee acquisition will stand as one of the company's worst acquisitions. The chip maker had the right idea when it acquired McAfee -- to add layers of security to hardware and components. Intel embedded McAfee technology in firmware at the PC and server chip level, and developed security management tools. McAfee technology was also used in hardware using real-time operating systems. However, McAfee had little ties to Intel's core hardware strategy. Intel was running a parallel hardware security strategy that had little to no ties to McAfee, which was renamed Intel Security. The chip maker was developing trusted boot systems and partnering with other companies on server security and secure payments. The McAfee acquisition gave Intel deep insight into the security arena, said Doug Fisher, senior vice president and general manager of the Software and Services Group at Intel. Separating the companies will put McAfee in a better position to grow in the software area, which is its core competency, Fisher said. It also leaves Intel in a better position to grow in hardware-level security at the chip and firmware levels, he added. Intel's focus will be on putting instructions and hooks on its silicon to protect users. It is already providing secure areas in its chips where user authentication data can be stored. For example, it's SGX (Software Guard Extensions) feature can authenticate users so content providers can stream 4K video to authorized PCs. It wants to use similar features to ensure secure payments from PCs. Security is also a big concern in IoT devices, but Intel will rely on partnerships. Intel is a member of Open Connectivity Foundation, and will work with industry partners to develop IoTivity protocols, which aim for secure connectivity between devices with multiple OSes and wireless technologies. Intel also is expanding into self-driving cars, where security is a big consideration. Hacking into the software controls of a self-driving car could be disastrous, and Intel is putting supercomputers in vehicles that will need to be secured. Another area of focus is the ability to securely deliver over-the-air updates to self driving cars, Fisher said. Intel will deliver a reference architecture to harden edge devices and gateways for automobile security. There will also be automobile security standards that could protect self-driving cars from hacks, Fisher said. VR is still in its infancy, and so are the security considerations. In virtual worlds, security could be much like it is in the real world, where certain virtual areas are cordoned off from unauthorized users. Also, Intel wants to cut the cord from VR headsets with secure wireless connections to PCs, Fisher said. The fate of some products like True Key -- which allows users to log into Windows PCs via biometric authentication -- are not yet known. True Key is a competitor to Microsoft's Windows Hello. Intel will also work with Microsoft to promote Windows Hello. Join the Computerworld New Zealand newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about IntelIntel SecurityMicrosoft Editor's Recommendations Vertiv helps Xtreme Networks keep its cool Genesis Energy migrates IT to Spark cloud Kordia aims for one million Sigfox IoT connections Telcos call for copper cut-off code NZTech urges action on IoT Spark promises 4.5G as 4G coverage passes 90 percent Related Whitepapers Detecting a Phising Email Accelerate Your Glide Path to AWS Cloud Migration PCI: It’s Not Just for Card Companies Anymore Anatomy of a Hack Disrupted Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Genesis Energy migrates IT to Spark cloud Uber finally agrees to reveal diversity data ​Espionage expert offers five viewpoints on state-sponsored hacking CSO Online In pictures: The 2016 Hi-Tech Awards 'The Oscars of NZ's ICT industry' IN PICTURES: Kiwi student innovators unite as Microsoft Imagine Cup 2016 hits ... UpGuard names Nextgen as NZ distie Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Reseller News []
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan McAfee spin-off closes, company touts focus, independence McAfee was spun out from Intel in a deal with TPG. TPG owns 51 percent of McAfee and Intel retains 49 percent. McAfee CTO Steve Grobman said the company will be more agile going forward. By Larry Dignan for Between the Lines | April 4, 2017 -- 04:01 GMT (21:01 PDT) | Topic: Security Cybersecurity company McAfee is independent once again and is hoping that focus will keep it ahead of emerging threats. McAfee will also have the capital to acquire other cybersecurity players. special feature Cyberwar and the Future of Cybersecurity Today's security threats have expanded in scope and seriousness. There can now be millions -- or even billions -- of dollars at risk when information security isn't handled properly. Read More On Tuesday, McAfee was spun out from Intel in a deal with TPG. TPG owns 51 percent of McAfee and Intel retains 49 percent. With the transaction, McAfee becomes one of the larger pure-play cybersecurity firms along with the likes of Symantec. McAfee CTO Steve Grobman said the company will be more agile going forward. "The product strategy doesn't change, but we will be more agile and have the ability to execute faster from organic development. The way you run a semiconductor company is different than what's needed in cybersecurity," said Grobman. Now the company wasn't hurting as part of Intel, but the core focus of McAfee's old owner was multi-year product cycles. McAfee, which will continue to be led by CEO Chris Young and most of the current executive team, will have to adapt to ransomware hitting larger companies, the weaponization of data and Internet of things attacks. "There are a lot of changes in a lot of areas," said Grobman. McAfee's goal is to work well with the broader security community because no one technology can do it all. McAfee will pivot to cloud services and build out its platform. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Telcos M1 aims to sharpen enterprise focus, unveils new mobile plans Security ATM hackers release cold, hard cash at the click of a remote button Security Hackers responsible for $80M bank heist show 'no signs of stopping' Security Ancient Moonlight Maze backdoor remerges as modern APT × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
A Brand New McAfee Commits to Building a Safer Future NEWS HIGHLIGHTS McAfee announces new status as a standalone cybersecurity company dedicated to enabling technology, people and organizations to work together Closing of previously announced investment from TPG Capital and Intel that valued the company at $4.2 billion In connection with the close of this transaction, Thoma Bravo joins as a minority investor through an agreement with TPG Partnership provides McAfee with capital to accelerate growth and enhance focus as a standalone business Previous Intel Security general manager Christopher Young named McAfee CEO Loading media player... A Brand New McAfee Download Windows Media Video Quicktime MPEG-4 Video ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? A Brand New McAfee Windows Media Video Quicktime MPEG-4 Video Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 04, 2017 12:01 AM Eastern Daylight Time SANTA CLARA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--McAfee (the “Company”), the globally trusted security provider, announced today that it has begun operating as a new standalone company. As a standalone business, McAfee is one of the world’s largest pure-play cybersecurity firms. Built on the belief that “Together is Power,” the new McAfee will expand upon its leading security solutions platform to better enable customers to effectively identify and orchestrate responses to cyber-threats. The launch of McAfee marks the closing of the previously announced investment by TPG and Intel Corporation (INTC) to establish a pure-play cybersecurity company with access to significant capital, operational and technology resources. Additionally, McAfee announced that leading private equity investment firm Thoma Bravo has joined, as a minority investor in the Company, through an agreement with TPG. As previously announced, Intel is retaining a 49 percent equity stake in the new entity. With the help of its new investment partners, McAfee will apply greater market focus, build its platform and target new financial, operational and technology investments to better address the cybersecurity market’s significant global growth opportunity. Intel Senior Vice President and General Manager Chris Young will lead the new McAfee as Chief Executive Officer. TPG Partner Bryan Taylor has been named Chairman of the Board. “Cybersecurity is the greatest challenge of the connected age, weighing heavily on the minds of parents, executives and world leaders alike,” said Christopher Young, CEO of McAfee. “As a standalone company with a clear purpose, McAfee gains the agility to unite people, technology and organizations against our common adversaries and ensure our technology-driven future is safe.” “We offer Chris Young and the McAfee team our full support as they establish themselves as one of the largest pure-play cybersecurity companies in the industry,” said Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO. “Security remains important to Intel, and in addition to our equity position and ongoing collaboration with McAfee, Intel will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices.” “Since its founding, McAfee has been dedicated to offering its customers industry-leading cybersecurity solutions,” said Bryan Taylor, Partner at TPG Capital and Chairman of the Board at McAfee. “Its ongoing commitment to product innovation, a rich partner ecosystem, and superior customer service has created a trusted brand that will thrive as a standalone entity. We look forward to working with the company and our partners to accelerate growth and continue building a leading cybersecurity platform that serves to protect customers in today’s changing environment.” “McAfee is a global organization with a 30-year history and a brand known the world over for innovation, trust and collaboration. Given our years of focus on the security software sector, we see great opportunity for McAfee to continue to advance and innovate,” said Seth Boro, a Managing Partner at Thoma Bravo. “Our deep sector knowledge and history of helping build successful businesses will be an asset to the company, and we look forward to working with the management team and our colleagues at TPG and Intel to guide McAfee through its next chapter of growth.” The New McAfee The company also outlined a new strategic vision, focused on innovation, trust, and collaboration. Innovation McAfee represents more than 7,500 of the industry’s most talented cybersecurity professionals, while holding more than 1,200 security technology patents and ongoing industry recognition for its products. McAfee is also home to McAfee Labs, one of the world’s leading sources for cyber-threat intelligence. McAfee’s people, technology and insights enable McAfee solutions to correlate real-world data collected from millions of sensors across key threat vectors and inform the next generations of McAfee product innovation. Trust From the moment the first worm was unleashed on the internet in 1988, to the massive 2016 Mirai distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack, the cybersecurity industry has witnessed exponential growth in the volume and variety of cyber-threats. For the last three decades, McAfee has earned the trust of consumers, businesses and governments by delivering practical solutions to address these threats. Today, McAfee’s award winning products and solutions today protect more than 74.9 million endpoints daily, including 87% of the world’s largest banks and Fortune 100 firms and more than 263 million consumer endpoints. Collaboration McAfee believes in the power of working together—only when people, technology and organizations work together can we become safer. The McAfee Security Innovation Alliance, the industry’s premier technology partnering program, boasts more than 135 partners globally. Over the past year, more than 30 partners have integrated or planned integrations with the McAfee Data Exchange Layer (DXL), the industry-endorsed communication fabric providing real-time interaction between applications. Goldman Sachs, & Co., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, RBC Capital Markets, and UBS Investment Bank served as financial advisors to TPG and Thoma Bravo, and Allen & Company LLC served as financial advisor to Intel. Ropes & Gray served as legal advisors to TPG, Skadden LLP, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom served as legal advisors to Intel, and Kirkland & Ellis served as legal advisors to Thoma Bravo. For more information, please visit the McAfee Press Kit. About McAfee McAfee is one of the world’s leading independent cybersecurity companies. Inspired by the power of working together, McAfee creates business and consumer solutions that make the world a safer place. www.mcafee.com About Intel Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel can be found at newsroom.intel.com and intel.com. About TPG TPG is a leading global alternative asset firm founded in 1992 with more than $74 billion of assets under management and offices in Austin, Beijing, Boston, Dallas, Fort Worth, Hong Kong, Houston, Istanbul, London, Luxembourg, Melbourne, Moscow, Mumbai, New York, San Francisco, São Paulo, and Singapore. TPG’s investment platforms are across a wide range of asset classes, including private equity, growth venture, real estate, credit, and public equity. TPG aims to build dynamic products and options for its investors while also instituting discipline and operational excellence across the investment strategy and performance of its portfolio. For more information, visit http://www.tpg.com/. About Thoma Bravo Thoma Bravo is a leading private equity firm focused on the software and technology-enabled services sectors. With a series of funds representing more than $17 billion in capital commitments, Thoma Bravo partners with a company’s management team to implement operating best practices, invest in growth initiatives and make accretive acquisitions intended to accelerate revenue and earnings, with the goal of increasing the value of the business. Representative past and present portfolio companies include industry leaders such as Blue Coat Systems, Deltek, Digital Insight, Global Healthcare Exchange, Hyland Software, PowerPlan, Riverbed, SolarWinds, SonicWall, Sparta Systems and TravelClick. The firm has offices in San Francisco and Chicago. For more information, visit www.thomabravo.com. McAfee and the McAfee logo are trademarks of McAfee LLC in the United States and other countries. *Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others. Contacts McAfee Jaime Le Jaime_Le@McAfee.com or Zeno Group Melinda Jenkins Melinda.Jenkins@zenogroup.com #Hashtags #NewMcAfee #TogetherisPower #Cyberthreats Social Media Profiles McAfee on Facebook McAfee on LinkedIn Contacts McAfee Jaime Le Jaime_Le@McAfee.com or Zeno Group Melinda Jenkins Melinda.Jenkins@zenogroup.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Snap Amazon NASA News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team TC Sessions: JusticeFind Out What We'll Be Discussing At TC Sessions: Justice This June Check Out The Agenda Intel Cloudera posts long-awaited IPO filing Here’s how to watch NCAA March Madness in VR BMW’s self-driving car will aim for full Level 5 autonomy by 2021 Browse more... McAfee Incoming McAfee CEO Chris Young on his company’s post-Intel future How the tiny startup Phantom Cyber scored big at RSA Presidential Candidate John McAfee To Talk At Disrupt SF Browse more... john mcafee John McAfee’s first move as a new CEO is to rename the company after himself Presidential Candidate John McAfee To Talk At Disrupt SF John McAfee Just Put Out A Very Strange Official Presidential Campaign Announcement Browse more... Intel Security is McAfee again Posted 2 hours ago by Kate Conger (@kateconger) 0 SHARES Next Story Crunch Report | Tesla Now Valued More Than Ford If you were on the internet in a certain era, you remember McAfee. It was the defensive line between you and the rest of the internet, reminding you with incessant popups that you were not hacked, not quite yet, but only if you renewed your subscription right away. Then Intel bought the firewall company in 2010 for an eye-popping $7.68 billion and billed it as Intel Security, and the name McAfee became more closely associated with the company’s founder, a man who retired to Belize only to be accused of his neighbor’s murder. (Johnny Depp will reportedly play John McAfee in an upcoming film.) But things didn’t work out with Intel (or Belize, for that matter) and so the unit formerly known as Intel Security will be McAfee once again. Today, Intel is officially inking a deal that will spin McAfee out, with the asset management firm TPG taking a 51 percent stake in the company at a $4.2 billion valuation. Intel will retain a 49 percent stake. What “McAfee” means now rests largely in the hands of TPG and McAfee’s newly-minted CEO, Chris Young, who led Intel Security over the past two years. TPG partner Bryan Taylor will serve as the chairman of McAfee’s board, and Young will have a chance to prove himself out from under the umbrella of Intel. The spinout is designed to give McAfee more independence to pursue “pure-play” cybersecurity, untethered from Intel’s chip-making ambitions. Laugh if you will at the McAfee branding (hey, at least it’s not Oath) but the company’s off to a pretty good start — it secures two-thirds of the world’s 2,000 largest companies and grew its revenue 11 percent in the first half of 2016. That is not a bad place from which to launch a company! It seems that Intel and McAfee are going through a very mutual breakup. Both parties wish each other the best (Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said in a statement, “We offer Chris Young and the McAfee team our full support as they establish themselves as one of the largest pure-play cybersecurity companies in the industry”) and setting a cybersecurity company like McAfee free from Intel’s hardware ambitions seems mutually beneficial. “With so many different elements of the threat landscape, a cybersecurity company needs to develop technology from a different place than a semiconductor company,” McAfee chief technology officer Steve Grobman told TechCrunch. “If you think a lot about the technology we would have defended organizations with six years ago — perimeter defenses, signature-based AV [anti-virus] — we had a rate and pace of new threats that was largely manageable, whereas in 2017, the threat landscape is changing very, very quickly.” While Intel and McAfee turned out not to be the ideal match, Grobman pointed out that Intel will still benefit from the monetary successes of McAfee. He also noted that McAfee/Intel Security took a positive turn under Young’s leadership. “The division took a positive course correction over two years ago when Chris came in to run the group,” he explained. Young, he said, brought in a change in strategy: “The change in strategy from a broad product strategy, having a product in every category, was not as good a strategy as a targeted strategy where we focus on the areas where we can be world-class.” McAfee will stay focused on threat detection, but it’s moving beyond the signature-based approaches of its early days and is adopting machine learning technology instead in an effort to detect attacks as they happen, rather than after the fact. Machine learning will also be a part of McAfee’s play in attack reconstruction, aimed at letting defenders know how their networks were breached. The company is also reaching out to other defenders. In November, it open-sourced a messaging interface to allow different security products to communicate with each other — an effort to break down the silos between different enterprise cybersecurity products. “We have two choices: have technology work as islands or have technology work together,” Grobman said. “The ability to have good results with things working together is significantly more effective.” McAfee has pursued a few other partnerships: It’s a founding partner in NoMoreRansom.org, a site that attempts to unite ransomware victims with keys to decrypt their data, and in the Cyber Threat Alliance, an organization that shares threat intelligence data among cybersecurity firms. Now that McAfee has more room to maneuver, is it possible that the company will snatch up some of the cybersecurity startups rumored to be up for acquisition? Grobman tells us that he “can’t name any specifics on companies that are under consideration,” which sorta implies that there are companies under consideration. We’ll have to wait and see. And about that McAfee branding? Grobman said we’re the only people still worrying about what John McAfee is up to. Going back to the original name is “a business decision based on the brand position of McAfee as a trusted security brand,” he said, adding, “It’s important that people recognize John hasn’t had anything to do with the company in over two decades. Although he has interesting aspects of his personal life, people don’t think about the person. They recognize the value that the brand brings.” Featured Image: Bryce Durbin/Bryce Durbin 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase McAfee Founded 1987 Overview McAfee is now part of Intel Security. With its Security Connected strategy, innovative approach to hardware-enhanced security, and unique Global Threat Intelligence, Intel Security is intensely focused on developing proactive, proven security solutions and services that protect systems, networks, and mobile devices for business and personal use around the world. Intel Security combines the experience … Location Santa Clara, CA Categories Network Security, Security, Enterprise Software Website http://www.mcafee.com Full profile for McAfee John McAfee Bio John David McAfee (born September 18, 1945) is a American computer programmer and developer of the first commercial anti-virus program. This bore the McAfee brand-name for years, until it was bought by Intel and given the Intel name. His wealth peaked at $100 million, before his investments suffered in the global crisis of 2007. McAfee also has interests in smartphone apps, yoga and all-natural antibiotics. … Full profile for John McAfee Intel Founded 1968 Overview Intel designs, manufactures, and sells integrated digital technology platforms worldwide. The company operates through PC client, data center, Internet of Things, mobile and communications groups; software and services; and all other segments. Its platforms are used in various computing applications comprising notebooks, desktops, servers, tablets, smartphones, wireless and wired connectivity products, … Location Santa Clara, CA Categories Semiconductor, Product Design, Hardware, Manufacturing Website http://www.intel.com/ Full profile for Intel Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Tesla Now Valued More Than Ford | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes McAfee john mcafee Intel Popular Posts Featured Stories Tesla Now Valued More Than Ford | Crunch Report VIDEO | 13:23 | Crunch Report Yahoo + AOL = Oath, for some reason 9 hours ago | Brian Heater Google claims Levandowski launched competing projects long before Otto 10 hours ago | Kate Conger What to expect at TC Sessions: Justice, our diversity and inclusion in tech event 14 hours ago | Megan Rose Dickey Amazon launches Amazon Cash, a way to shop its site without a bank card 16 hours ago | Sarah Perez Latest From TechCrunch WhatsApp will reportedly launch peer-to-peer payments in India within 6 months 1 hour ago | Jon Russell Shopify’s Burst is a new free stock photography resource 2 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Crunch Report | Tesla Now Valued More Than Ford 2 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze The Sonos Playbase is a home theater in a slab 2 hours ago | John Biggs Comment moderation powered by Up Next Crunch Report | Tesla Now Valued More Than Ford Posted 2 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Digital Strategies / Webmaster Director at Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Carolinas Realty (Raleigh, NC, United States) DevOps Manager (Remote) @ Plex at Plex (San Francisco, CA, United States) Director of Engineering at Werk (New York, NY, United States) Entry-Level Business Development Representative [$50K - $70K OTE] at LaunchSource (Boston, MA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ GreatHorn at GreatHorn (Belmont, MA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip Activations Blog International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular WhatsApp will reportedly launch peer-to-peer payments in India within 6 months 1 hour ago by Jon Russell Shopify’s Burst is a new free stock photography resource 2 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Intel Security is McAfee again 2 hours ago by Kate Conger Crunch Report | Tesla Now Valued More Than Ford 2 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze The Sonos Playbase is a home theater in a slab 2 hours ago by John Biggs Blackstorm Labs and Rakuten launch R Games to build high-fidelity HTML5 games 5 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Cloudera’s IPO will test unicorn valuations 5 hours ago by Alex Wilhelm Pros and cons of “Oath: A Verizon Company” 5 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Trump signs resolution nullifying privacy requirements for internet providers 6 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Adobe partners with Google to launch new open-source pan-CJK font 8 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News A Brand New McAfee Commits to Building a Safer Future SANTA CLARA, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–McAfee (the “Company”), the globally trusted security provider, announced today that it has begun operating as a new standalone company. As a standalone business, McAfee is one of the world’s largest pure-play cybersecurity firms. Built on the belief that “Together is Power,” the new McAfee will expand upon its leading security solutions platform to better enable customers to effectively identify and orchestrate responses to cyber-threats. The launch of McAfee marks the closing of the previously announced investment by TPG and Intel Corporation (INTC) to establish a pure-play cybersecurity company with access to significant capital, operational and technology resources. Additionally, McAfee announced that leading private equity investment firm Thoma Bravo has joined, as a minority investor in the Company, through an agreement with TPG. As previously announced, Intel is retaining a 49 percent equity stake in the new entity. With the help of its new investment partners, McAfee will apply greater market focus, build its platform and target new financial, operational and technology investments to better address the cybersecurity market’s significant global growth opportunity. Intel Senior Vice President and General Manager Chris Young will lead the new McAfee as Chief Executive Officer. TPG Partner Bryan Taylor has been named Chairman of the Board. “Cybersecurity is the greatest challenge of the connected age, weighing heavily on the minds of parents, executives and world leaders alike,” said Christopher Young, CEO of McAfee. “As a standalone company with a clear purpose, McAfee gains the agility to unite people, technology and organizations against our common adversaries and ensure our technology-driven future is safe.” “We offer Chris Young and the McAfee team our full support as they establish themselves as one of the largest pure-play cybersecurity companies in the industry,” said Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO. “Security remains important to Intel, and in addition to our equity position and ongoing collaboration with McAfee, Intel will continue to integrate industry-leading security and privacy capabilities in our products from the cloud to billions of smart, connected computing devices.” “Since its founding, McAfee has been dedicated to offering its customers industry-leading cybersecurity solutions,” said Bryan Taylor, Partner at TPG Capital and Chairman of the Board at McAfee. “Its ongoing commitment to product innovation, a rich partner ecosystem, and superior customer service has created a trusted brand that will thrive as a standalone entity. We look forward to working with the company and our partners to accelerate growth and continue building a leading cybersecurity platform that serves to protect customers in today’s changing environment.” “McAfee is a global organization with a 30-year history and a brand known the world over for innovation, trust and collaboration. Given our years of focus on the security software sector, we see great opportunity for McAfee to continue to advance and innovate,” said Seth Boro, a Managing Partner at Thoma Bravo. “Our deep sector knowledge and history of helping build successful businesses will be an asset to the company, and we look forward to working with the management team and our colleagues at TPG and Intel to guide McAfee through its next chapter of growth.” The New McAfee The company also outlined a new strategic vision, focused on innovation, trust, and collaboration. Innovation McAfee represents more than 7,500 of the industry’s most talented cybersecurity professionals, while holding more than 1,200 security technology patents and ongoing industry recognition for its products. McAfee is also home to McAfee Labs, one of the world’s leading sources for cyber-threat intelligence. McAfee’s people, technology and insights enable McAfee solutions to correlate real-world data collected from millions of sensors across key threat vectors and inform the next generations of McAfee product innovation. Trust From the moment the first worm was unleashed on the internet in 1988, to the massive 2016 Mirai distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack, the cybersecurity industry has witnessed exponential growth in the volume and variety of cyber-threats. For the last three decades, McAfee has earned the trust of consumers, businesses and governments by delivering practical solutions to address these threats. Today, McAfee’s award winning products and solutions today protect more than 74.9 million endpoints daily, including 87% of the world’s largest banks and Fortune 100 firms and more than 263 million consumer endpoints. Collaboration McAfee believes in the power of working together—only when people, technology and organizations work together can we become safer. The McAfee Security Innovation Alliance, the industry’s premier technology partnering program, boasts more than 135 partners globally. Over the past year, more than 30 partners have integrated or planned integrations with the McAfee Data Exchange Layer (DXL), the industry-endorsed communication fabric providing real-time interaction between applications. Goldman Sachs, & Co., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, RBC Capital Markets, and UBS Investment Bank served as financial advisors to TPG and Thoma Bravo, and Allen & Company LLC served as financial advisor to Intel. Ropes & Gray served as legal advisors to TPG, Skadden LLP, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom served as legal advisors to Intel, and Kirkland & Ellis served as legal advisors to Thoma Bravo. For more information, please visit the McAfee Press Kit. About McAfee McAfee is one of the world’s leading independent cybersecurity companies. Inspired by the power of working together, McAfee creates business and consumer solutions that make the world a safer place. www.mcafee.com About Intel Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel can be found at newsroom.intel.com and intel.com. About TPG TPG is a leading global alternative asset firm founded in 1992 with more than $74 billion of assets under management and offices in Austin, Beijing, Boston, Dallas, Fort Worth, Hong Kong, Houston, Istanbul, London, Luxembourg, Melbourne, Moscow, Mumbai, New York, San Francisco, São Paulo, and Singapore. TPG’s investment platforms are across a wide range of asset classes, including private equity, growth venture, real estate, credit, and public equity. TPG aims to build dynamic products and options for its investors while also instituting discipline and operational excellence across the investment strategy and performance of its portfolio. For more information, visit http://www.tpg.com/. About Thoma Bravo Thoma Bravo is a leading private equity firm focused on the software and technology-enabled services sectors. With a series of funds representing more than $17 billion in capital commitments, Thoma Bravo partners with a company’s management team to implement operating best practices, invest in growth initiatives and make accretive acquisitions intended to accelerate revenue and earnings, with the goal of increasing the value of the business. Representative past and present portfolio companies include industry leaders such as Blue Coat Systems, Deltek, Digital Insight, Global Healthcare Exchange, Hyland Software, PowerPlan, Riverbed, SolarWinds, SonicWall, Sparta Systems and TravelClick. The firm has offices in San Francisco and Chicago. For more information, visit www.thomabravo.com. McAfee and the McAfee logo are trademarks of McAfee LLC in the United States and other countries. *Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy Market Revenue and Value Chain 2015-2025 Next PostNext EnvisionTEC and 3Shape Offer Turnkey System to 3D Scan and Print In-Ear Devices Search Recent Posts Releases New Report on the Global Profenofos Market Samenvatting: Panasonic richt Amerikaanse divisie Panasonic Media Entertainment Company op Ford Ranks as Leading Company Developing Automated Driving Systems in Navigant Research Assessment B/E Aerospace to Launch Aspire™ Wide Body Main Cabin Seating with United Airlines; Airline Also Selects Meridian™ Single Aisle Main Cabin Seating For 737 MAX 9 Aircraft Young Performer Promotes Anti Bullying Program in Honor of Brendan Carr Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search McAfee Rebranding Might Be One of 2017's Boldest Moves By George Slefo - 1 minute ago Array 0 Hey, Brands: Almost Half of Americans Don't Find You Honest By Judann Pollack - 5 hours ago Array 0 Mercedes-Benz Pulls Ads From 'O'Reilly Factor' Over New Harassment Allegations By E.J. Schultz - 5 hours ago Array 0 Cheese Marketer Bel Group Picks Mediavest Spark for Media; Drops OMD By Jessica Wohl - 7 hours ago Array 0 Barbarian Group Taps Cathy Butler as CEO Following Tumultuous Year By Lindsay Stein - 7 hours ago Array 0 Mercedes-Benz Pulls Ads From 'O'Reilly Factor' Over New Harassment Allegations By E.J. Schultz - 5 hours ago 0 Geico's Gecko and Groot Join Forces in Insurer's Biggest-Ever Cross-Branding Tie-Up By Ann-Christine Diaz - 8 hours ago 0 Video: Here's What Life Without Uber Looks Like By Nat Ives - 11 hours ago 0 E-Trade Brings on MullenLowe as Creative, Strategic AOR By Lindsay Stein - 7 hours ago 0 A How-To Guide for Esports Branding By E.J. Schultz - 17 hours ago 0 Behind the Rise of Esports and What It Means for Brands By E.J. Schultz - 16 hours ago 0 YouTube to Offer Third-Party Brand Safety Tools Following Revolt by Marketers By George Slefo - 23 hours ago 0 Instagram's First Global Stories Campaign Keeps the Heat on Snapchat By Lindsay Stein - 16 hours ago 0 Inside Esports Star Franchise Optic Gaming By E.J. Schultz - 16 hours ago 0 Crocs Tries Reboot With New Campaign By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 16 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US McAfee Rebranding Might Be One of 2017's Boldest Moves By George Slefo. Published on April 04, 2017. Most Popular Here's a question for marketers: When rebranding your company, do you start fresh and pick a new name or do you select an established identity that's also associated with the bizarre and scandalous life of former software tycoon John McAfee? For Allison Cerra, who was just promoted to chief marketing officer from VP-marketing at Intel Security, the company being renamed, the answer is simple: McAfee. The move comes at an interesting time for the cyber security software provider, but time will tell if it was the right one to make. Last September, Showtime released a documentary called "Gringo: The Dangerous Life of John McAfee," about Mr. McAfee's time in Belize, where he was accused of murdering his neighbor after he suspected him of killing his dogs, among many, many other things. Last week, Deadline.com reported that Johnny Depp would portray Mr. McAfee in an upcoming movie based on a 2012 Wired article called "John McAfee Fled to Belize, But He Couldn't Escape Himself." "It is something we definitely considered," Ms. Cerra said about choosing the company's newfound name. "But John McAfee has not been associated with this company for 25 years." John McAfee speaks at Def Con 2014. Credit: NullSession via Wikimedia Commons/Flickr What's known as McAfee as of today was founded 30 years ago as McAfee Associates by the company's founder, Mr. McAfee. Intel acquired the business in 2010 for $7.7 billion and later renamed it Intel Security. Last September, Intel sold a 51% stake of its business to private investment firm TPG. Both companies decided to spin out the antivirus maker as an independent, standalone company. "What we found is that no matter the market, no matter the segment, 'McAfee' is synonymous with cyber security because in our industry, we have a thousand competitors buying for the cyber security wallet," Ms. Cerra said. "When you are consistently well-known across multiple geographies and across multiple segments that is huge brand equity value that you can take to the bank." According to a recent report by International Data Corporation, worldwide revenue for security-related hardware, software and services will grow to $102 billion in 2020 from $74 billion in 2016, an increase of about 38%. The company worked with digital agency Solid Branding when deciding on its new name, logo and tagline. The new logo ditches the familiar shield and updates it with interlocking elements to emphasize its new tagline, "Together Is Power," but keeps the throwback red color from its former name. The company is also launching a new campaign that's slated to run in publications like The Wall Street Journal, USA Today and Forbes, as well as social media platforms like Twitter and LinkedIn. The company performed extensive research with consumers around the world prior to deciding its name, Ms. Cerra said, adding that it was "well-known that John McAfee is not associated with the company." "'McAfee' is an enduring name that is synonymous with cyber security," she said. "To be candid, our identity does not want to be anything other than a stable company or trusted provider in this space," Ms. Cerra added. "We did not aggressively seek the spotlight. That is not our motto as a company. It is with precision that we took care to research this to make sure it would not be an impediment or headwind for us as a company." In this article: Design Digital Politics Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars SECURITY Intel Security finally spins out as independent McAfee Dean Takahashi@deantak April 3, 2017 9:00 PM Tags: Intel, Intel Security, McAfee, TPG Above: Intel Security has spun out as McAfee. Image Credit: McAfee Intel has followed through on its pledge to divest itself of its Intel Security division, which it acquired for $7.68 billion in 2010. Now the new company will go by its old name, McAfee, and it is valued at $4.2 billion. Intel will still own 49 percent of the new company, while private equity firm TPG Capital will own the rest, and McAfee will function independently as a cybersecurity company based in Santa Clara, Calif. Intel Security general manager Christopher Young has been named McAfee CEO. As a standalone business, McAfee is one of the world’s largest pure-play cybersecurity firms. Built on the belief that “Together is Power,” the new McAfee will expand upon its leading security solutions platform to better enable customers to effectively identify and orchestrate responses to cyber threats. Steve Grobman, chief technology officer at McAfee, said in an interview with VentureBeat that he believes both Intel and McAfee will be able to focus on their businesses better as separate companies. He said that cybersecurity is changing fast, and the company needs to think about challenges such as ransomware, the weaponization of data, and political leaks of digital information. “The business has changed a lot in the past year, and even more so since Intel acquired McAfee,” Grobman said. “We think we can unlock more value, have greater agility for organic growth, and use new mechanisms to raise capital for mergers and acquisitions. That will give us many opportunities to be a stronger company.” The launch of McAfee marks the closing of the previously announced investment by TPG and Intel to establish an independent cybersecurity company with access to significant capital and operational and technology resources. Above: Chris Young of McAfee says the name means a lot. Image Credit: McAfee “Cybersecurity is the greatest challenge of the connected age, weighing heavily on the minds of parents, executives, and world leaders alike,” said Christopher Young, CEO of McAfee, in a statement. “As an independent company with a clear purpose and new investment, McAfee gains the agility and wherewithal to unite people, technology, and organizations against our common adversaries and ensure our technology-driven future is safe.” McAfee has more than 7,500 employees, and it holds more than 1,200 security technology patents. McAfee is also home to McAfee Labs, one of the world’s leading sources for cyber-threat intelligence. McAfee’s people, technology, and insights enable McAfee solutions to correlate real-world data collected from millions of sensors across key threat vectors to inform the next generations of McAfee product innovation. From the moment the first worm was unleashed on the internet in 1988 to the massive 2016 Mirai distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack, the industry has witnessed exponential growth in the volume and variety of cyber threats. McAfee has operated for more than three decades to address these threats. McAfee’s products and solutions today protect more than 74.9 million endpoints daily, including 87 percent of the world’s largest banks and Fortune 100 firms and more than 263 million consumer endpoints. McAfee said it believes in the power of working together — that only when people, technology, and organizations work together can we all become safer. In fact, The McAfee Security Innovation Alliance, the industry’s premier technology partnering program, boasts more than 135 partners globally. Over the past year, more than 30 partners have integrated or planned integrations with the McAfee Data Exchange Layer (DXL), the industry-endorsed communication fabric that provides real-time interaction between applications. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Security Privacy Encryption Antivirus Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Privacy Encryption Antivirus Home Security News Intel divests McAfee after rough marriage, will now secure hardware Intel will focus on putting security hooks in hardware and components Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Agam Shah U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Apr 3, 2017 9:05 PM PT Credit: Intel More like this Intel's McAfee Acquisition a Mobile Play Intel to Buy Security Vendor McAfee for $7.68 Billion Intel’s Go supercomputer for cars points to a PC-like horsepower race Video Why You Lost Your Windows 10 Product Key Intel's finally washing its hands of McAfee after seven up and down years, which included a lawsuit last year from John McAfee, after whom the company is named. The chip maker has divested its majority holdings in McAfee to investment firm TPG for US$3.1 billion. McAfee will now again become a standalone security company, but Intel will retain a minority 49 percent stake. The chip maker will focus internal operations on hardware-level security. [ Further reading: How the new age of antivirus software will protect your PC ] For Intel, dumping majority ownership in McAfee amounts to a loss. It spent $7.68 billion to acquire McAfee in 2010, which was a head-scratcher at the time. Intel's McAfee acquisition will stand as one of the company's worst acquisitions. The chip maker had the right idea when it acquired McAfee -- to add layers of security to hardware and components. Intel embedded McAfee technology in firmware at the PC and server chip level, and developed security management tools. McAfee technology was also used in hardware using real-time operating systems. However, McAfee had little ties to Intel's core hardware strategy. Intel was running a parallel hardware security strategy that had little to no ties to McAfee, which was renamed Intel Security. The chip maker was developing trusted boot systems and partnering with other companies on server security and secure payments. The McAfee acquisition gave Intel deep insight into the security arena, said Doug Fisher, senior vice president and general manager of the Software and Services Group at Intel. Separating the companies will put McAfee in a better position to grow in the software area, which is its core competency, Fisher said. It also leaves Intel in a better position to grow in hardware-level security at the chip and firmware levels, he added. Intel's focus will be on putting instructions and hooks on its silicon to protect users. It is already providing secure areas in its chips where user authentication data can be stored. For example, it's SGX (Software Guard Extensions) feature can authenticate users so content providers can stream 4K video to authorized PCs. It wants to use similar features to ensure secure payments from PCs. Security is also a big concern in IoT devices, but Intel will rely on partnerships. Intel is a member of Open Connectivity Foundation, and will work with industry partners to develop IoTivity protocols, which aim for secure connectivity between devices with multiple OSes and wireless technologies. Intel also is expanding into self-driving cars, where security is a big consideration. Hacking into the software controls of a self-driving car could be disastrous, and Intel is putting supercomputers in vehicles that will need to be secured. Another area of focus is the ability to securely deliver over-the-air updates to self driving cars, Fisher said. Intel will deliver a reference architecture to harden edge devices and gateways for automobile security. There will also be automobile security standards that could protect self-driving cars from hacks, Fisher said. VR is still in its infancy, and so are the security considerations. In virtual worlds, security could be much like it is in the real world, where certain virtual areas are cordoned off from unauthorized users. Also, Intel wants to cut the cord from VR headsets with secure wireless connections to PCs, Fisher said. The fate of some products like True Key -- which allows users to log into Windows PCs via biometric authentication -- are not yet known. True Key is a competitor to Microsoft's Windows Hello. Intel will also work with Microsoft to promote Windows Hello. To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Security Hardware You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Type to Search Flight Cars Culture Home How To Military Science Reviews Reviews Apps Gadgets Gear Tools Space Technology The Code Subscribe Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Podcasts Newsletter Popular Mechanics STEM Experience Follow Follow facebook twitter google+ pinterest youtube instagram Promotions Win Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter PopMech Follow Us On Pinterest Popular Mechanics Page-1 Cars How To Adventure Tech Flight Follow Subscribe Give A Gift Digital Edition Get Smart Learn to Code on the Cheap With This Complete Guide How Intel Creates Pop-Up 360-Replays for the Final Four 28 cameras and 12 engineers run tech from top of stadium Most Popular Tim Newcomb By Tim Newcomb Apr 3, 2017 GLENDALE, Arizona — For CBS viewers on Saturday during the first game of the NCAA's March Madness time stopped. Twice. The first time came on a jumper from Gonzaga's Nigel Williams-Goss. The second was a three-pointer from North Carolina's Joel Berry II. Both times, the pop-up team from the Intel Sports Group's 360 replay team grabbed the moment and froze it, then allowed millions of viewers across the country to flow through the space, a full 360-degree rotation around the moment. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below While installed in about a dozen sports venues across the country, the set-up for the Final Four, including Monday's National Championship in University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale, Arizona, comes temporary. Consider it a 360-degree pop-up. Tim Newcomb Crews installed 28 cameras around the ring of the stadium's seating bowl, providing 360-degree coverage of the entire court. Each 5K camera's sensor comes identical, but the lenses vary, with some providing full views of the court and others zooming into more specific locations. Most Popular These cameras combine to provide a volumetric view of the court. Instead of pure pixels, think of them with volume—height, length and depth—turning them into voxels. The cameras run during all live action, capturing everything in the defined space, as if creating a bubble of action. The technology then allows viewers inside that bubble, able to explore every x, y and z coordinate. "We have total control within the bubble and have every coordinate covered," says Jeff Hopper, general manager of strategy for Intel Sports Group. "We have unlimited views from anywhere inside." As the game happens, the 12-person engineering team—inside a tent in the highest reaches of the stadium next door to a server room with 52 servers handling the up to 5TB of data created from one game on custom-made racks specifically to house the technology—watches for moments. When they see one, the "pilot" of the system tells the servers to save the data, all connected to the cameras via fiber optics. With that clip, able to run up to 25 seconds at about 30 frames per second, the pilot then selects one of the 700-plus frames to reconstruct and build a clip around. Then the system goes to work. In about 90 seconds, using as many camera angles as needed, it builds a complete bubble of the moment, in essence giving the engineering team a virtual camera. Moving this virtual camera through the moment—in any plane they choose—Intel shows a 360-degree view of the stopped action with stopping, pivoting and moving as needed. The final clip, which includes the action both leading into the moment and directly after, gets sent to CBS and Turner for use in the broadcast, whether as a unique in-game highlight or a telestrator talking point. While Intel prepares anywhere from 15 to 20 of these moments over the course of the game, CBS typically uses around two per game. In the National Semifinals on Saturday, CBS ran with one in each game. Intel "It gives them lots of things they could never do," Hopper says. "You can move around the court in the volumetric sphere." Hopper says that Intel hopes to move the replay tech into its virtual reality abilities in the future, giving a fan complete control of making their own moments. Already, Intel has VR set up at the Final Four, available for streaming on Samsung devices with its March Madness Live app. For virtual reality, Intel has placed seven pods on or around the court—three on the sidelines, two on the rear of each basketball stanchion looking out to the crowd and two on the stanchion facing toward the court—giving users of the app full control over which angle they want. Intel is also producing a complete telecast in virtual reality, including with commentary. Each pod contains two lenses, set 2.5-inches apart to create stereoscopic images true to the human eye, says Dr. Jay Jayaram, Voke VR founder, which is now part of Intel True VR. The lenses allow for the camera to move while keeping the depth perception natural, unlike a fish-eye lens. "It turns and looks around the way your eyes would," Jayaram says. "Then it is stitched together in real-time." Generating 1 GB of data per second per pod, fiberoptics run all the VR camera data to a production truck outside of the stadium. While able to capture data in greater than 8K quality, headsets can't support that level of technology, so Intel offers the finished product in various bit rates for user consumption. With the two Intel Sports teams working through technology to provide both broadcasters and consumers new ways to view sports, Hopper says the future will eventually meld them together. One day, the way we saw a pair of plays during the Final Four will come commonplace. Time will stop whenever we want. And virtually. Follow Tim Newcomb on Twitter at @tdnewcomb. More from Popular Mechanics: More From Outdoors Outdoors Share What You Need to Know to Climb Mt. Kilimanjaro Outdoors Share Why an Entire Lake Just Turned Pink Outdoors Share Malta's Iconic Azure Window Rock Formation Just Collapsed Into the Sea Outdoors Share Iditarod Air Force: The Pilots Who Support Alaska's Frozen Race From Above Outdoors Share A $16,000 Bicycle Is Completely Unreasonable and Totally Awesome GIF Outdoors Share Jetpack Skiing Seems Like a Fun Way to Break Your Legs Outdoors Share Fishing From the Sky GIF Outdoors Share See the Majestic Andes Mountains in One Stunning Bike Trip Outdoors Share 8 Things to Know Before You Hike the Appalachian Trail Outdoors Share The Best Lights for Illuminating Your Campsite Adventure Outdoors Transforming a Football Stadium Into a Final Four Court Producer David X. Cohen on Futurama's Final Final Season Sandia Labs Creates Temps Hotter Than Suns Core Bimmer, or Bomber? Conspicuous BMW Creates a Panic New Laser Burns Hotter Than the Sun And Creates Mini-Stars in the Lab Gene-Editing Creates Malaria-Resistant Mosquitoes More From Outdoors PM_Logo Created with Sketch. Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Media Kit Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Site Map
Laptops Best Laptops Under $500 For Gaming For Business For College Chromebooks CPU Guide GPU Guide Tablets Best Overall Best 2-in-1s Kids' Tablets Under $200 Samsung Tablets Longest Battery Life Buying Guide Windows 10 Win 10 Review How to Upgrade Should You Wait? versus El Capitan Test Results Ultrabooks Best Ultrabooks Best Laptops Overall Best College Laptops Laptop-Tablet Hybrids Buying Guide Deals Deal-Buying Do's and Don'ts Gaming Best Gaming Laptops Sub-$1,000 Gaming Laptops VR-Ready Laptops Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptop Guide Reviews Popular Searches: Laptops Under $1,000 Tablets Under $300 News Tips Follow Us: SEARCH Laptops Tablets Windows 10 Ultrabooks Deals Gaming Reviews News Tips Best Laptops Under $500 For Gaming For Business For College Chromebooks CPU Guide GPU Guide Laptops By Brand Acer Apple ASUS Dell HP Lenovo MSI Samsung Toshiba Laptop Finder Home Reviews Laptops Dell Precision 3520 Review Dell Precision 3520 Review Andrew E. Freedman April 2, 2017 Pros / Strong performance; Very long battery life Cons / Dim screen; Awkward keyboard Verdict / The Dell Precision 3520 offers strong performance and long-lasting battery life, but suffers from a dim screen and a flexy keyboard. Dell Precision 3520 from $999.00 Visit Site from Dell Small Business You can't work at your desk all the time. The Dell Precision 3520 ($999 to start, $2,249 as tested) uses discrete graphics in a workstation that's small enough that you could carry it around if you wanted. The Nvidia Quadro GPU and Intel Core i7 CPU make a potent mix for multitasking and graphics performance, and the optional six-cell battery lasted over 10 hours. However, this Dell's dim screen and flexy keyboard will have you checking out its competitors. Specs Design The Precision doesn't make much of a design statement; it's all business. The lid is made of black plastic, except for Dell's logo in the center, which is silver. Lifting the lid reveals the touch-screen display, chiclet keyboard with number pad and a plastic deck (also black, but with a subtle, glittery finish). The only color in the computer is on the pointing stick in the center of the keyboard, which has a light blue circle surrounding (you guessed it) more black. At 14.6 x 9.9 x 1 inches and 5.2 pounds, the Precision is fairly average in size for a 15-inch workstation. The Lenovo ThinkPad P50 is a heavier 5.8 pounds, measuring 14.9 x 9.9 x 1.2 inches, while the HP ZBook Studio G3 is a slighter 4.6 pounds, measuring 14.8 x 10 x 0.7 inches. Dell's more-expensive Precision 5520, which starts at $1,399, weighs a mere 4.4 pounds and measures only 14.1 x 9.3 x 0.44 inches. There are ports on three sides of the Precision 3520: The left is home to a Thunderbolt 3 port, a USB 3.0 port, an SD card slot and a Smart Card reader, and the right is where you'll find the headphone jack, a SIM card slot, another USB 3.0 port, VGA output and a Noble lock slot. Finally, the back features an Ethernet jack, HDMI output, one more USB 3.0 port and the power button. Dell Precision 3520 from $999.00 Visit Site from Dell Small Business Dell claims that the Precision is MIL-STD-tested to survive shocks, dust, extreme temperatures, vibrations and more. As for security, our model came with a fingerprint reader for Windows Hello as well as the Smart Card reader. Our review unit also supported vPro for remote management and TPM to support biometric data, but not all of the possible configurations have vPro. Display Crank the brightness up as far as it can go, because even though the Precision's 15.6-inch, 1080p touch screen -- the highest-end panel config -- is sharp, it's also quite dim. When I watched the latest trailer for Spider-Man: Homecoming, I could make out every wrinkle in actor Michael Keaton's face. But in a scene in which Spidey faces off with the Vulture in a parking garage, I could only barely make out the action, because the screen was so dark. The colors aren't vivid, either, because the Precision covers just 69 percent of the sRGB color gamut. Spider-Man's red and blue suit looked washed out, as if Peter Parker ran it through the laundry too many times. The average desktop replacement reproduces 118 percent, and the competition is even better; the Precision 5520, ThinkPad P50 and ZBook Studio show off 113 percent, 183 percent and 169 percent, respectively. The Precision 3320 is, however, more accurate than the competition, earning a Delta-E score of 2 (0 is ideal). The category average (1.56) and the Precision 5520's score (1.5) are better, but the ThinkPad P50 and ZBook Studio were even less accurate. The Precision 3320's panel measured a measly 216 nits of brightness, which is way darker than the 291-nit desktop-replacement category average as well as the screens on the Precision 5520, ThinkPad P50 and ZBook Studio. Keyboard, Touchpad and Pointing Stick The keyboard on the Precision 3520 isn't pleasant to type on. The keyboard flexed when I worked on it, and while the keys have a wonderful 1.9mm of travel, the 55 grams of force required to press them down doesn't feel like enough (60 grams is typical). I reached 105 words per minutes on the 10fastfingers.com typing test (lower than my usual 107 wpm), with a 3 percent error rate (higher than customary 2 percent). The flex on the keyboard made using the pointing stick, situated amid the G, H and B keys, feel strange. The stick sank into the chassis when I pressed on it to move the mouse around the screen. The nub is too low among the keys, too, and I wish it protruded more like the TrackPoint on a Lenovo ThinkPad. The 4 x 2-inch touchpad was smooth and responsive to gestures in Windows 10, but the mouse buttons underneath it were too small for my liking. Audio The speakers on the Precision 3520 are powerful and loud. When I listened to Ed Sheeran's "Shape of You," the marimba filled the room, as did the vocals, though the latter sounded hollow. With the preinstalled Waves MaxxAudio Pro app, pumping up the bass dial did little, although the details dial brought out more of the percussion. Performance With its 2.9-GHz Intel Core i7-7820HQ CPU, 16GB of RAM, 512GB M.2 PCIe SSD and Nvidia Quadro M620 GPU with 2GB of VRAM, the Precision is excellent for multitaskers. I had 40 tabs open in Google Chrome, two of which were streaming 1080p videos from YouTube, with no lag (though the vents did start spitting out hot air). The Precision notched a score of 14,985 on the Geekbench 3 overall performance test. That falls below the Xeon E3-1505M v6-powered Precision 5520's score (15,437) and the desktop-replacement average (17,019), but that average includes much more powerful, overclocked gaming laptops. The Precision did beat the ZBook Studio (Intel Xeon E3-1505M, 14,276) and the ThinkPad P50 (Intel Xeon E3-1505M, 13,378), though. Thanks to its M.2 PCIe SSD, the Precision copied 4.97GB of files in just 9 seconds, a rate of 565MBps. That speed is faster than the average (522.8MBps) as well as the showings by the Precision 5520, ZBook Studio and ThinkPad P50. Dell Precision 3520 from $999.00 Visit Site from Dell Small Business The Precision paired 20,000 names and addresses in our OpenOffice spreadsheet macro in 3 minutes and 23 seconds, tying both the ThinkPad P50 and the ZBook Studio, and beating the 3:29 average. However, the Precision 5520 (3:08) did a bit better. Though it's built for business, the Precision 3320's Quadro M620 GPU is powerful enough for gaming. It played Grand Theft Auto V at 46.7 frames per second on very high settings. The desktop-replacement average, which includes scores from actual gaming PCs, is 78 fps. The Quadro will more likely be useful in rendering programs and image-manipulation apps like Photoshop. Its 3DMark Fire Strike score was 3,091, which is lower than showings by the ThinkPad P50 and ZBook Studio, as well as the average (9,541, again, with uberpowerful gaming GPUs). The Precision 5520 and its Nvidia Quadro M1200 GPU scored 3,987. MORE: Best Dell and Alienware Laptops Battery Life The Precision 3520 will let you work all day and then into overtime. With its six-cell battery, Dell's workstation lasted a whopping 10 hours and 16 minutes on the Laptop Mag Battery test, which is more than double the 4:51 desktop-replacement average. MORE: Laptops with the Longest Battery Life The Precision 5520 fared even better, lasting for 11 hours and 57 minutes, while the ThinkPad P50 endured for 8:25 and the ZBook Studio G3 tapped out after 5:08. Webcam The 720p webcam on the Precision 3520 takes clear, color-accurate photos. When I snapped a picture of myself in our labs, my olive-green sweater looked great, and my hair was detailed but not so sharp that you could see each strand. Heat The Precision got a bit toasty during everyday use. After streaming 15 minutes of HD video from YouTube, the laptop measured 100 degrees Fahrenheit on its underside, 96.5 degrees on the G and H keys, and 84 degrees on the touchpad. We consider temperatures above 95 degrees uncomfortable. Software and Warranty The Precision comes with a few useful utilities and a small amount of bloatware, most of which is standard for Windows 10 PCs. Dell's software includes SupportAssist, which makes it easy to troubleshoot and, if necessary, contact tech support. You also get Command Power Manager to check your battery life and schedule when your laptop uses its battery or its charger. The Windows bloat consists of Twitter, Facebook, Candy Crush Soda Saga, Royal Revolt 2, Houzz and Minecraft: Windows 10 Edition. Dell sells the Precision 3520 with a three-year warranty. See how the company performed on our Tech Support Showdown and Best and Worst Brands rankings. Configurations The Precision 3520 I reviewed cost $2,249 and came armed with a 2.9-GHz Intel Core i7-7820HQ CPU, 16GB of RAM, a 512GB M.2 PCIe SSD, a six-cell battery and an Nvidia Quadro M620 GPU with 2GB of VRAM. The base model is $999 and comes with an Intel Core i5-7440HQ CPU, 4GB of RAM, a 500GB, 7,200-rpm HDD, a four-cell battery, no fingerprint reader and no discrete graphics. Dell Precision 3520 from $999.00 Visit Site from Dell Small Business On Dell.com, you can configure the Precision 3520 to order, with processor options ranging from a Core i5 to an Intel Core Xeon E3 1505M CPU, up to 32GB of RAM, SSDs up to 1TB and HDDs up to 2TB. When I maxxed out a model on Dell's website, it cost $2,838 before extras like a second hard drive and extended warranty. Bottom Line The Dell Precision 3520 offers strong performance, a discrete GPU that will pack a punch in rendering tasks, and long battery life (with the extended battery). However, the laptop's screen is dim and dull and the keyboard is awkward to type on. If you can spend a few hundred dollars more, Dell's Precision 5520 offers a far superior keyboard and screen, along with even better endurance. Lenovo ThinkPad P50 (starting at $1,385.10) is also a better, but more expensive choice, as it offers a best-in-class keyboard and pointing stick. Overall, the Precision 3520 is a serviceable machine that will handle the job you throw at it, but competitors offer better usability. Photo credit: Jeremy Lips/Laptopmag More on Laptops Best Chromebooks Available Now Best Samsung Laptops Our Favorite Tablets for Work and Play Pros / Strong performance; Very long battery life Cons / Dim screen; Awkward keyboard Verdict / The Dell Precision 3520 offers strong performance and long-lasting battery life, but suffers from a dim screen and a flexy keyboard. Dell Precision 3520 from $999.00 Visit Site from Dell Small Business CPU 2.9-GHz Intel Core i7-7820HQ CPU Operating System Windows 10 Pro RAM 16GB RAM Upgradable to 32GB Hard Drive Size 512GB SSD Hard Drive Type M.2 PCIe SSD Display Size 15.6 Highest Available Resolution 1920 x 1080 Native Resolution 1920x1080 Graphics Card Nvidia Quadro M620 2GB / Intel HD Graphics 630 Video Memory 2GB Wi-Fi 802.11ac Wi-Fi Model Intel WiFi Link 8265 2x2 802.11 ac+BT 4.0 (vPro) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Touchpad Size 4 x 2 inches Ports (excluding USB) SD card slot Ports (excluding USB) Noble Lock Ports (excluding USB) HDMI Ports (excluding USB) VGA Ports (excluding USB) Ethernet Ports (excluding USB) USB 3.0 Ports (excluding USB) Thunderbolt 3 Ports (excluding USB) SIM card USB Ports 3 Card Slots SD memory reader Warranty/Support 3 years Size 14.6 x 9.9 x 0.97 inches Weight 5.2 pounds Company Website dell.com COMPANY Company Info About the Site Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Copyright Policy Terms of Use and Sale Privacy Policy NETWORK Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy Anand Tech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved. Home About us SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Computing Intel claims three-year advantage on 10nm, wants to redefine process nodes Intel claims three-year advantage on 10nm, wants to redefine process nodes By Joel Hruska on March 31, 2017 at 9:27 am Comment Intel had a tech day this week to discuss the future of its own 14nm and 10nm chips, and it laid out some impressive claims in the process. It also laid out what it believes is a better metric for calculating process nodes in the future, though we suspect TSMC, Samsung, and GloFo may all disagree. Intel’s presentation focused mainly on two related topics: The strength and characteristics of its 10nm node, and its proposal for a new (or rather, a return to an old) method of calculating process node scaling. Intel drives “hyperscaling” at the 10nm node Intel is claiming that its 10nm node will deliver a 2.7x improvement in transistor density compared with its 14nm products. That’s a significant jump over its 14nm products, and it’s not just the result of the improvements to various semiconductor manufacturing metrics. Intel has improved its 10nm scaling compared with 14nm through the use of two specific new technologies — single dummy gate, and contact-over-active-gate. Typically, logic cells use a pair of what are called “dummy gates” to isolate each cell from its neighbors. Intel has found a method of using just one dummy gate instead of using a pair of them, and has managed to recover significant space savings as a result. Each gate has multiple contacts that connect to the metal layers within a CPU. Typically, these contacts are offset from the gate. At 10nm, Intel is moving the contact to directly under the gate, which frees up additional transistor space. All of these advantages combined is why Intel is claiming such significant improvements compared with 14nm. The slides below includes visualizations of these improvements and how they collectively improve Intel’s 10nm process node. All slides can be clicked on to expand them in a new window. The general thrust of Intel’s argument is that these new technologies will give it a significant lead over its rivals and competitors in the foundry space. Intel vs. everyone at the 10nm node One major point of Intel’s presentation is actually something we’ve discussed before: When TSMC, Samsung, GlobalFoundries and Intel talk about 14nm, the process nodes they discuss are not identical. Each foundry has implemented different feature sizes and each of their nodes (16nm/12nm for TSMC, 14nm for Samsung and GF) has its own distinct characteristics. To some extent, the modern definition of a node has become “The bucket of technologies we periodically dump in to improve some aspects of transistor density, power consumption, and performance enough to justify moving to a new number.” The problem, at least for Intel, is that when a company like Samsung announces 10nm production, that’s actually roughly equivalent to Intel’s 14nm, which debuted in 2014. To get around this issue, Intel has described a method for calculating process node size that would weight certain factors differently than they are weighted today. Intel’s Process Architecture and Integration Director, Mark Bohr, described the formula in an editorial published by Intel: One simple metric is gate pitch (gate width plus spacing between transistor gates) multiplied by minimum metal pitch (interconnect line width plus spacing between lines), but this doesn’t incorporate logic cell design, which affects the true transistor density. Another metric, gate pitch multiplied by logic cell height, is a step in the right direction with regard to this deficiency. But neither of these takes into account some second order design rules… At the other extreme, simply taking the total transistor count of a chip and dividing by its area is not meaningful because of the large number of design decisions that can affect it – factors such as cache sizes and performance targets can cause great variations in this value. It’s time to resurrect a metric that was used in the past but fell out of favor several nodes ago. It is based on the transistor density of standard logic cells and includes weighting factors that account for typical designs. While there is a large variety of standard cells in any library, we can take one ubiquitous, very simple one – a 2-input NAND cell (4 transistors) – and one that is more complex but also very common: a scan flip flop (SFF). This leads to a previously accepted formula for transistor density: (The weightings 0.6 and 0.4 reflect the ratio of very small and very large cells in typical designs.) Every chip maker, when referring to a process node, should disclose its logic transistor density in units of MTr/mm2 (millions of transistors per square millimeter) as measured by this simple formula. Reverse engineering firms can readily verify the data. Measuring process node metrics in this fashion would give Intel an obvious advantage over all of its rivals. As such, it’s hard to imagine they’ll ever endorse it. Whether its TSMC with a new “12nm” node or potential future gaps between the various pure-play foundries at 7nm, nobody but Intel will substantially benefit from measuring process nodes differently, even if Intel’s method is more accurate. The slides below steps through some of Intel’s transistor density comparisons against its competitors’ nodes, as well as how it compares against them on specific metrics and how large it expects the gaps to be at 10nm. We can’t speak to the accuracy of Intel’s projections for its competitors at 10nm, but the company’s general projection matches what we’ve seen at the 14nm node. With Intel taking on more foundry customers (or trying to), it doubtlessly sees this as a potential barrier to those efforts. What’s the point of calling a node “10nm” (from Intel’s perspective) if that artificially inflates the value of what your competitors’ are selling and diminishes your own value? The other interesting question is how much these advantages will practically matter going forward. When Intel intended to break into the tablet and smartphone markets to compete directly against ARM, it had an obvious rationale for comparing its own performance against Samsung, GlobalFoundries, and TSMC. Today, Intel and the pure-play foundries once again move in different circles — but that could change in the future if Intel can land some significant foundry deals. The other reason foundry die shrinks aren’t as interesting as they used to be is for the simple reason that they don’t deliver much in the way of improved performance any more, at least not outside specific market segments. Six years ago, the Core i5-2537M was a Sandy Bridge-era core clocked at 1.4GHz base / 2.3GHz Turbo with a TDP of 17W. Today, Intel’s Core i5-7300U is a 15W chip with a 2.6GHz base clock and a 3.5GHz Turbo. It’s TDP is 15W. Intel, in other words, improved the base clock by 1.86x and the boost clock by 1.52x all while trimming the TDP. But in the desktop space, performance gains have been rarer, overclocking headroom has shrunk, and frequency gains have been doled out very sparingly. Intel has absolutely made progress over this time, but not at anything like a quick pace. Again, that’s not the company’s fault — it’s related, as we’ve said before, more to the difficulties with scaling silicon than anything — but with AMD surging back into the CPU fight, Intel may find itself under increased pressure to demonstrate that its 10nm hardware can do more than look impressively futuristic in a variety of graphs.  Intel’s full presentations are available for download, if you’d care to flip through them yourself. Tagged In intel samsung semiconductors TSMC 14nm GlobalFoundries transistors 20nm 10nm 22nm 7nm process node Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Samsung’s Tizen OS may be overrun with security flaws Apr 3 Imagination Technologies’ share price collapses as Apple dumps company Apr 3 Android surpasses Windows as the most-used operating system worldwide Apr 3 What we’re reading: ExtremeTech’s favorite books about space Apr 3 ET deals: Python 3 bootcamp bundle for $41 Apr 3 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Computing Intel CEO admits to industry-wide conspiracy to slow CPU advances, kill frequency boosts Intel CEO admits to industry-wide conspiracy to slow CPU advances, kill frequency boosts By Joel Hruska on April 1, 2017 at 7:30 am Comment Intel CEO Brian Krzanich met with top investors and stockholders this week, on the same day that Intel held its Technology and Manufacturing Day (which we reported on here). ExtremeTech has received a tape-recording of that meeting and the contents will shock you: According to Krzanich, there’s an industry-wide conspiracy to slow CPU clock speeds and architectural advances to a crawl, while IBM, Intel, Qualcomm, ARM, Samsung, and a dozen other companies all rake in enormous profits. “We actually got the idea from Craig Barrett,” said Krzanich, referring to Intel’s CEO from 1998 – 2005. “Back in the late 1990s, the Pentium 4 was controversial because it dramatically increased clock speeds without delivering a corresponding performance improvement. The technical press labeled it a ‘marchitecture,’ and complained that customers weren’t actually getting the performance they thought they were entitled to.” “What we later realized,” Krzanich continued, “Was that we didn’t actually have to sell people any performance improvements at all. We could just tell them the chips were faster, make up some benchmark numbers, and kick the product out the door.” Krzanich then gave a rough timeline of events, including secret pacts between Intel and IBM, mutual agreements between itself and ARM that killed the early “smartbook” concept but led to Intel’s withdrawal from the mobile market, and AMD’s disastrous attempt to buck this shadowed conspiracy arrangement and go it alone. He chuckled, recounting how Intel funneled hundreds of millions of dollars in secret payments to GlobalFoundries and the Mubadala Development Company, ensuring that AMD’s fab partner was actually responsible for sabotaging the entire Bulldozer product family. That move, by the way, was payback for AMD’s counter-espionage that savaged Itanium and the IA-64 instruction set by paying Microsoft billions to promote the false notion that AMD64 was a superior architecture. Everything you thought you knew is wrong. Power curves like this don’t exist. “It took us several years,” Krzanich concluded, his voice hoarse and sounding vaguely like Emperor Palpatine, “But we finally got the mobile companies on board as well. Have you noticed how advances in mobile chips have slowed? It’s not power consumption issues. It’s certainly not a problem with our materials technology — silicon could easily hit 10GHz, like Craig Barrett predicted nearly 20 years ago. We just realized we didn’t need to bother doing it. The sheeple never knew what hit them.” A bombshell discovery For years, ExtremeTech and dozens of other publications and websites have written about the decline of silicon scaling. We’ve discussed future transistor designs, the myths of Moore’s law, the evolution of that law over time, process node technology, the failure of 450mm wafer development, and a dozen other topics. Now, that research stands in ruins; the work of hundreds of journalists, lithographers, and engineers, disproved by a single CEO’s secret taped remarks. But Krzanich’s remarks just lead to further questions. How has this super-alliance of evil been flawlessly maintained for decades? How could thousands of people working for dozens of companies possibly have been convinced or coerced into keeping this mammoth conspiracy a secret? Is it the Illuminati? The Bilderberg Group? Is Cthulhu stirring in the dead city of R’lyeh? We don’t know. But we’re going to find out. Tagged In microsoft intel amd ARM qualcomm silicon GlobalFoundries transistors moore's law bulldozer Piledriver Ryzen scaling itanium 450mm Krzanich AMD64 ia64 evil Illuminati Bilderberg Group conspiracy Cthulhu R'lyeh Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Samsung’s Tizen OS may be overrun with security flaws Apr 3 Imagination Technologies’ share price collapses as Apple dumps company Apr 3 Android surpasses Windows as the most-used operating system worldwide Apr 3 What we’re reading: ExtremeTech’s favorite books about space Apr 3 ET deals: Python 3 bootcamp bundle for $41 Apr 3 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Computing AMD announces low-power processor for tablet, smartphone markets AMD announces low-power processor for tablet, smartphone markets By Joel Hruska on April 1, 2017 at 9:00 am Comment When AMD announced Ryzen, it made it clear that the chip would hit the desktop market first, followed by server and mobile APUs. Server parts are expected in Q2, with mobile APUs following in the back half of the year. Analysts and reviewers have broadly praised the architecture, but some fans have asked why AMD hasn’t moved into the tablet and smartphone space? After all, these markets were ripe for an x86 alternative once Intel abandoned them, and AMD isn’t burdened by the high fab costs that made Intel products unprofitable. In fact, given that AMD has contracts with both TSMC and GlobalFoundries, there’s no reason to think it would be handicapped by the high manufacturing costs that crippled Intel’s attempts to build an Atom business that could compete with Android. Fans, the wait is finally over. Secret documents emailed to ExtremeTech show that AMD is planning a new mobile product. Codenamed “Little Foot,” the new architecture is a marvel of low-power, high-efficiency performance. We’ve even got an image of the CPU’s design to share with you. “The K6 is a remarkably efficient CPU,” said Greg Favor, the chief processor architect. “We’ve designed a chip that can readily compete with equivalent Intel or ARM processors at a much lower price, without compromising on the performance and power efficiency that users demand from today’s mobile devices.” Like most modern microprocessors, the K6 has a RISC-like front-end (AMD is calling it RISC86) and decodes native x86 instructions into micro-ops. The CPU’s 64KB of L1 (32KB instructions, 32KB data) ensure a high hit rate and keep branch prediction stalls to a minimum. The chip’s short pipeline (six stages), six integer execution units, and four instruction decoders are quite formidable when compared with what other manufacturers offer, and they allow the K6 to punch above its weight class in integer operations. “We settled on the name K6 because we wanted to capture AMD’s dedication to low-power efficiency,” said AMD CEO Lisa Su. “Our last K-branded design was the K12, and, well, K6 is half of that. We fired all our marketing people in 2012. Stop asking these questions.” AMD was cagey about what kind of GPU it might pair with its new architecture, saying the design was in early stages. “We’ve commissioned a new GPU, codenamed Rage,” RTG head Raja Koduri told us. “We expect to deliver superior performance in all 32-bit graphics modes, but God help you if you try using 16-bit color or OpenGL.” AMD expects its new K6 APUs to be in market by mid-2018 on 14nm technology. The company continues to play games with the press concerning which foundry it uses for which products, but our bet is on Samsung or GlobalFoundries. GF’s implementation of Samsung’s 14nm has been excellent for Ryzen, and this nascent APU will need all the power savings and clock speed it can get. The other uncertainty is OS support. AMD has signaled that Microsoft OSes, up to and including Windows 10 Mobile, will run on the K6 platform, but Android compatibility may be tricky. Some of you may recall that Intel was nearly a year late in shipping Bay Trail platforms with Android, and our sources tell us this was largely due to graphics driver issues. AMD will have to navigate a similar situation if it chooses to support Google’s operating system, and it’s not clear if they’ll bother at this point in time. Tagged In amd Windows 10 Mobile ATI Lisa Su rage K6-2 K6 Greg Favor K6-III Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Samsung’s Tizen OS may be overrun with security flaws Apr 3 Imagination Technologies’ share price collapses as Apple dumps company Apr 3 Android surpasses Windows as the most-used operating system worldwide Apr 3 What we’re reading: ExtremeTech’s favorite books about space Apr 3 ET deals: Python 3 bootcamp bundle for $41 Apr 3 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times World Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Comment Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World April 4 2017 - 7:19AM Save Print Blackwater founder held secret Seychelles meeting to establish Trump-Putin back channel Adam Entous, Greg Miller, Kevin Sieff and Karen DeYoung 72 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Washington: The United Arab Emirates arranged a secret meeting in January between Blackwater founder Erik Prince and a Russian close to President Vladimir Putin as part of an apparent effort to establish a back-channel line of communication between Moscow and President-elect Donald Trump, according to US, European and Arab officials. The meeting took place around January 11 - nine days before Trump's inauguration - in the Seychelles islands in the Indian Ocean, officials said. Though the full agenda remains unclear, the UAE agreed to broker the meeting in part to explore whether Russia could be persuaded to curtail its relationship with Iran, including in Syria, a Trump administration objective that would likely require major concessions to Moscow on US sanctions. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Britain to protect Gibraltar 'all the way' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:37 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 00:58 Intel Committee begins Russia ... Intel Committee begins Russia interference hearing Senator Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, says he won't prejudge the probe into the possible links between the Trump campaign and Russia, saying "We are seeking to determine if there's an actual fire where there's clearly a lot of smoke." Up Next Britain to protect Gibraltar 'all the way' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:37 Video duration 01:37 Britain to protect Gibraltar 'all the way' Britain to protect Gibraltar 'all the way' British Defence Secretary Michael Fallon vows to protect Gibraltar after the European Union offered Spain a right of veto over Gibraltar's future relations with the bloc. Vision courtesy: BBC's Andrew Marr show, Sky News - Sophy Ridge on Sunday Up Next Passengers flee Russian metro blast Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:12 Video duration 01:12 Passengers flee Russian metro blast Passengers flee Russian metro blast An explosion tore through a train carriage on the St Petersburg metro system, killing at least 11 people and injuring dozens more on Monday. Up Next Huge warehouse fire destroys trucks and cars Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:58 Video duration 00:58 Huge warehouse fire destroys trucks and ... Huge warehouse fire destroys trucks and cars A massive blaze in Opa-locka, Florida destroys trucks and cars before 22 fire units are able to get it under control. Up Next Stakes high as China's president heads to US Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:44 Video duration 01:44 Stakes high as China's president heads to ... Stakes high as China's president heads to US US President Donald Trump will push China to take action against North Korea and the US-China trade deficit when he meets his Chinese counterpart, President Xi Jinping, for the first time. Up Next The human microchip is here Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:25 Video duration 01:25 The human microchip is here The human microchip is here Implanted under the skin, a Swedish company is offering human microchips to their employees to replace keys and cards, but at what cost to their privacy? Up Next Dog rescued from 10-metre well Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:30 Video duration 00:30 Dog rescued from 10-metre well Dog rescued from 10-metre well Video captures a Southern California rescue crew saving a 13-year-old Welsh terrier named Lucy from a well 10-metres deep. Up Next Democrats set to block Trump nominee Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:02 Video duration 02:02 Democrats set to block Trump nominee Democrats set to block Trump nominee US Democrats amass enough support to block a senate confirmation vote on President Donald Trump's Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch, but Republicans vow to change the senate rules to ensure the conservative judge gets the lifetime job. More videos Intel Committee begins Russia interference hearing Senator Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, says he won't prejudge the probe into the possible links between the Trump campaign and Russia, saying "We are seeking to determine if there's an actual fire where there's clearly a lot of smoke." Though Prince had no formal role with the Trump campaign or transition team, he presented himself as an unofficial envoy for Trump to high-ranking Emiratis involved in setting up his meeting with the Putin confidant, according to the officials, who did not identify the Russian. Prince was an avid supporter of Trump who gave $US250,000 last year to support the GOP nominee's campaign, records show. He has ties to people in Trump's circle, including Stephen Bannon, now serving as the president's chief strategist and senior counsellor. Prince's sister Betsy DeVos serves as education secretary in the Trump administration. And Prince was seen in the Trump transition offices in New York in December. Related Content Donald Trump's problems with Russia Top Democrat says White House is trying to distract from Russia probe US officials said the FBI has been scrutinising the Seychelles meeting as part of a broader probe of Russian interference in the 2016 US election and alleged contacts between associates of Putin and Trump. The FBI declined to comment. The Seychelles encounter, which one official said spanned two days, adds to an expanding web of connections between Russia and Americans with ties to Trump - contacts that the White House has been reluctant to acknowledge or explain until they have been exposed by news organisations. Advertisement "We are not aware of any meetings and Erik Prince had no role in the transition," said Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary. "Erik had no role on the transition team. This is a complete fabrication," said a spokesman for Prince in a statement. "The meeting had nothing to do with President Trump. Why is the so-called under-resourced intelligence community messing around with surveillance of American citizens when they should be hunting terrorists?" SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Blackwater CEO and founder Erik Prince. Photo: AP Prince is best known as the founder of Blackwater, a security firm that became a symbol of US abuses in Iraq after a series of incidents including one in 2007 in which the company's guards were accused - and later criminally convicted - of killing civilians in a crowded Iraqi square. Prince sold the firm, which was subsequently rebranded, but has continued building a private paramilitary empire with contracts across the Middle East and Asia. Prince would probably have been seen as too controversial to serve in any official capacity in the Trump transition or administration. But his ties to Trump advisers, experience with clandestine work and relationship with the royal leaders of the Emirates - where he moved in 2010 amid mounting legal problems for his American business - would have positioned him as an ideal go-between. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link US President Donald Trump.  Photo: Bloomberg The Seychelles meeting came after private discussions in New York involving high-ranking representatives of Trump, Moscow and the Emirates. The White House has acknowledged that Michael Flynn, Trump's original national security adviser, and Trump adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner met with the Russian ambassador to the United States, Sergey Kislyak, in late November or early December in New York. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed-Al Nahyan, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi. Photo: Supplied Flynn and Kushner were joined by Bannon for a separate meeting with the crown prince of Abu Dhabi, Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed al-Nahyan, who made an undisclosed visit to New York later in December, according to the US, European and Arab officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss sensitive matters. In an unusual breach of protocol, the UAE did not notify the Obama administration in advance of the visit, though officials found out because Zayed's name appeared on a flight manifest. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Erik Prince has ties to Steve Bannon, Trump's chief strategist. Photo: AP Officials said Zayed and his brother, the UAE's national security adviser, coordinated the Seychelles meeting with Russian government officials with the goal of establishing an unofficial back channel between Trump and Putin. Officials said Zayed wanted to be helpful to both leaders who had talked about working more closely together, a policy objective long advocated by the crown prince. The UAE, which sees Iran as one of its main enemies, also shared the Trump team's interest in finding ways to drive a wedge between Moscow and Tehran. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Sergey Kislyak, Russia's ambassador to the US. Photo: AP Zayed met twice with Putin in 2016, according to Western officials, and urged the Russian leader to work more closely with the Emirates and Saudi Arabia - an effort to isolate Iran. At the time of the Seychelles meeting and for weeks afterward, the UAE believed that Prince had the blessing of the new administration to act as its unofficial representative. The Russian participant was a person whom Zayed knew was close to Putin from his interactions with both men, the officials said. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link White House press secretary Sean Spicer said he was not aware of any meetings.  Photo: AP When the Seychelles meeting took place, official contacts between members of the incoming Trump administration and the Russian government were under intense scrutiny, both from federal investigators and the press. Less than a week before the Seychelles meeting, US intelligence agencies released a report accusing Russia of intervening clandestinely during the 2016 election to help Trump win the White House. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Russian President Vladimir Putin. Photo: AP The FBI was already investigating communications between Flynn and Kislyak. The Washington Post's David Ignatius first disclosed those communications on January 12, around the time of the Seychelles meeting. Flynn was subsequently fired by Trump for misleading Vice President Pence and others about his discussions with Kislyak . Yousef Al Otaiba, the UAE's ambassador in Washington, declined to comment. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link White House senior adviser Jared Kushner. Photo: AP Government officials in the Seychelles said they were not aware of any meetings between Trump and Putin associates in the country around January 11. But they said luxury resorts on the island are ideal for clandestine gatherings like the one described by the US, European and Arab officials. "I wouldn't be surprised at all," said Barry Faure, the Seychelles secretary of state for foreign affairs. "The Seychelles is the kind of place where you can have a good time away from the eyes of the media. That's even printed in our tourism marketing. But I guess this time you smelled something." Trump has dismissed the investigations of Russia's role in the election as "fake news" and a "witch hunt." The level of discretion surrounding the Seychelles meeting seems extraordinary given the frequency with which senior Trump advisers, including Flynn and Kushner, had interacted with Russian officials in the United States, including at the high-profile Trump Tower in New York. Steven Simon, a National Security Council senior director for the Middle East and North Africa in the Obama White House, said: "The idea of using business cutouts, or individuals perceived to be close political leaders, as a tool of diplomacy is as old as the hills. These unofficial channels are desirable precisely because they are deniable; ideas can be tested without the risk of failure." Current and former US officials said that while Prince refrained from playing a direct role in the Trump transition, his name surfaced so frequently in internal discussions that he seemed to function as an outside adviser whose opinions were valued on a range of issues, including plans for overhauling the US intelligence community. He appears to have particularly close ties to Bannon, appearing multiple times as a guest on Bannon's satellite radio program over the past year as well as in articles on the Breitbart web site that Bannon ran before joining the Trump campaign. In a July interview with Bannon, Prince said those seeking forceful US leadership should "wait till January and hope Mr. Trump is elected." And he lashed out at President Barack Obama, saying that because of his policies "the terrorists, the fascists, are winning." Days before the November election, Prince appeared on Bannon's program again, saying that he had "well-placed sources" in the New York City Police Department telling him they were preparing to make arrests in the investigation of former congressman Anthony Weiner over allegations he exchanged sexually explicit texts with a minor. Flynn tweeted a link to the Breitbart report on the claim. No arrests occurred. Prince went on to make a series of unfounded assertions that damaging material recovered from Weiner's computers would implicate Hillary Clinton and her close adviser, Huma Abedin, who was married to Weiner. He also called Abedin an "agent of influence very sympathetic to the Muslim Brotherhood." Prince and his family were major GOP donors in 2016. After the Republican convention, he contributed $US250,000 to Trump's campaign, the national party and a pro-Trump super PAC led by GOP mega-donor Rebekah Mercer. The Centre for Responsive Politics reported that the family gave more than $US10 million to GOP candidates and super PACs, including about $US2.7 million from his sister, DeVos, and her husband. Prince's father, Edgar Prince, built his fortune through an auto-parts company. Betsy married Richard DeVos Jr., heir to the Amway fortune. Erik Prince has had lucrative contracts with the UAE government, which at one point paid his firm a reported $US529 million to help bring in foreign fighters to help assemble an internal paramilitary force capable of carrying out secret operations and protecting Emirati installations from terrorist attacks. The Trump administration and the UAE appear to share a similar preoccupation with Iran. Current and former officials said that Trump advisers were focused throughout the transition period on exploring ways to get Moscow to break ranks with Tehran. "Separating Russia from Iran was a common theme," said a former intelligence official in the Obama administration who met with Trump transition officials. "It didn't seem very well thought out. It seemed a little premature. They clearly had a very specific policy position, which I found odd given that they hadn't even taken the reins and explored with experts in the US government the pros and cons of that approach." Michael McFaul, former US ambassador to Russia, said he also had discussions with people close to the Trump administration about the prospects of drawing Russia away from Iran. "When I would hear this, I would think, 'Yeah that's great for you guys, but why would Putin ever do that?' " McFaul said. "There is no interest in Russia ever doing that. They have a long relationship with Iran. They're allied with Iran in fighting in Syria. They sell weapons to Iran. Iran is an important strategic partner for Russia in the Middle East." Following the New York meeting between the Emiratis and Trump aides, Zayed was approached by Prince, who said he was authorised to act as an unofficial surrogate for the president-elect, according to the officials. He wanted Zayed to set up a meeting with a Putin associate. Zayed agreed and proposed the Seychelles as the meeting place because of the privacy it would afford both sides. "He wanted to be helpful," one official said of Zayed. Wealthy Russians and Emirati royalty have a particularly large footprint on the islands. Signs advertising deep-sea fishing trips are posted in Cyrillic. Russian billionaire Mikhail Prokhorov owns North Island, where Prince William and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, went on their honeymoon in 2011. Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed al-Nahyan, president of the UAE, built a hilltop palace for himself with views across the chain of islands. The Emiratis have given hundreds of millions of dollars to the Seychelles in recent years for causes including public health and affordable housing. But when the Emirati royal family visits, they are rarely seen. "The jeep comes to their private jet on the tarmac and they disappear," said one Seychellois official who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he did not want to be seen as criticising the Emiratis. Zayed, the crown prince, owns a share of the Seychelles' Four Seasons, a collection of private villas scattered on a lush hillside on the main island's southern shore, overlooking the Indian Ocean, according to officials in the Seychelles. The hotel is tucked away on a private beach, far from the nearest public road. Current and former US officials who have worked closely with Zayed, who is often referred to as MBZ, say it would be out of character for him to arrange the Jan. 11 meeting without getting a green light in advance from top aides to Trump and Putin, if not the leaders themselves. "MBZ is very cautious," said an American businessman who knows Zayed. "There had to be a nod." The Seychelles meeting was deemed productive by the UAE and Russia but the idea of arranging additional meetings between Prince and Putin's associates was dropped, officials said. Even unofficial contacts between Trump and Putin associates had become too politically risky, officials said. Sieff reported from the Seychelles. The Washington Post's Julie Tate, Devlin Barrett, Matea Gold, Tom Hamburger and Rosalind S. Helderman contributed to this report. Washington Post Related Content Trump fans premature 'mission accomplished' on Islamic State and the Middle East Ivanka and Jared on perilous ethical grounds Flynn asks for immunity to testify before Congress Advertisement Most Popular The secret meeting that established Trump-Putin back channel Japan's protest over Korean 'comfort woman' statue over for now 'Jaw jaw not war war': May hoses down talk of war with Spain Kingsgate seeks compensation from Thailand over Chatree mine closure Trump's son-in-law, Kushner, flies into Iraq with top US general Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World The secret meeting that established Trump-Putin back channel Commuters killed in blast at Russian train station 'Jaw jaw not war war': May hoses down talk of war with Spain Trump's son-in-law, Kushner, flies into Iraq with top US general US ready to act alone over North Korea Canberra Times Canberra losing grip on public service Australian restaurants suffering the MasterChef curse Student reveals terrifying ordeal after carload of men chased her home The secret meeting that established Trump-Putin back channel NSW floods: Crews search for car washed into Tweed River near Tumbulgum The Sydney Morning Herald Calombaris' restaurants underpaid staff $2.6m Sorry folks, this ain't no property bubble 'She just became disoriented': schoolgirl went missing during camping trip Despair as TV viewer costs golfer major title The secret meeting that established Trump-Putin back channel The Age Company told hours after Essendon DFO crash that plane was in its name Calombaris' restaurants underpaid staff $2.6m Sorry folks, this ain't no property bubble Slow and steady, Hawks losing the race? Ice-affected driver jailed for six years for hitting cyclist Brisbane Times Wild weather did not stop Brisbane council issuing parking fines Brisbane storm clean-up continues: worst-hit areas revealed Sorry folks, this ain't no property bubble Police optimistic human remains found in bush grave are of Sam Thompson Man charged with murder after Holland Park West stabbing WA Today Meth addict aunt on trial accused of encouraging husband to sexually abuse 6yo niece WA teacher who indecently recorded dozens of kids revealed Perth home prices rise after three-year decline, data shows 'The worst position in Freo's history': Paul Hasleby slams Dockers Better for Dockers to let Fyfe go: Cometti Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,444 Reviews & Articles | 54,712 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets Intel's Kaby Lake-G: super-fast discrete GPU + HBM2 tech Intel's next-gen Kaby Lake-G processors will reportedly feature fast discrete GPU with HBM2 tech By: Anthony Garreffa | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: 6 hours, 41 mins ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Intel's next-gen Kaby Lake-G processors might be something to get excited about for Chipzilla, with the latest rumors pointing towards Intel's upcoming Kaby Lake-G architecture featuring a massive integrated GPU, with HBM2 technology.     The leaked slides tease that Kaby Lake-G will feature a massive iGPU, all built on the 14nm process, and a dedicated PCIe link to a separate discrete GPU with HBM2 tech. The news was revealed during Intel's recent Technology and Manufacturing Day, with two SKUs teased on the BGA design: one for embedded systems, and the other for next-gen laptops.     Intel's next-gen Kaby Lake-G processors will reportedly come in 4C/8T with a 65W and 100W model, and since there's no on-package cache, the 65/100W TDPs are weird - but, it makes sense if they rock powerful integrated GPU + HBM2 tech. The separate GPU will be connected to the CPU through a dedicated PCIe 3.0 x8 interface, while the HBM2 memory will be the main on-board VRAM for the iGPU.   There's not much else known on the Kaby Lake-G series, but we do know that it is being made as a 2-chip platform - meaning there will be the main CPU, and a separate PCH on the motherboard. NEWS SOURCES:Wccftech.com Recommended for You The first sign of Kaby Lake X: the Intel Core i7-7740K... AMD Ryzen with 12C/24T appears, excites us all so... Samsung to invest $7 billion in 7nm chips production... Qualcomm using Snapdragon 835 to dominate Helio X30... >> NEXT STORY: ASUS unveils ROG Areion, a 10GbE Ethernet PCIe adapter << PREVIOUS STORY: ASUS Radeon RX 580 ROG Strix 8GB spotted Related Tags Intel Intel Kaby Lake Kaby Lake-G Intel Kaby Lake-G Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Samsung spends $9 billion on expansions, for the iPhone Schwarzenegger promises he'll back as 'The Terminator' ASUS unveils ROG Areion, a 10GbE Ethernet PCIe adapter ASUS Radeon RX 580 ROG Strix 8GB spotted MSI's new Radeon RX 580, RX 570 Gaming X 8G on the wayView More News Posts Forum Activity Patriot Memory LX 256GB microSDXC Memory Card Review F21 Bios just got a z270 k6 mobo and was wondering if its worth going to 1.30 bios NZXT Kraken X62 Liquid CPU Cooler Review Does any Gigabyte Z270 motherboard has proper IOMMU and ACS for PCIe Passthrough for GPU?View More Forum Posts Press Releases CD PROJEKT summarizes its 2016 financial results Destiny 2 announced: blockbuster sequel to the biggest new console video game franchise launch of all time set for September 8 MSI announces frosty limited edition Trident 3 Arctic gaming PC ADATA adds the i-Memory AI920 jet black flash drive FinalWire releases AIDA64 Extreme 5.90 benchmark softwareView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Report: Intel Corporation Chip Production Is Strong A report from BlueFin research suggests that demand for Intel's chips has been stronger than expected. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Apr 3, 2017 at 5:00PM According to a research note from BlueFin Research partners (by way of Barron's), chip giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) enjoyed "strong month of March production activity." Additionally, BlueFin said that Intel's chip production in during its first quarter grew between 1% and 1.5% from the prior quarter -- 100-150 basis points ahead of BlueFin's previous expectations. "Our one-quarter lag production model suggests that [Intel] production plan this quarter remains ahead [sic] the current Wall Street revenue consensus of -3% for the June quarter," the analysts wrote. Additionally, BlueFin goes on to say that the overall personal computer market performed better than expected in March, which led to "shipments slightly above the high-end of [BlueFin's] forecast range of 64-65 [million] units." Image source: Intel. Digging into the production increases According to BlueFin, Intel's production increases "are coming from 14 [nanometer] technology starts at both Fab 24 (Ireland) and Fab 32 (Arizona)." The analysts also say that Intel's production of 3D NAND flash memory -- which underpin the company's solid state drive products -- saw production double quarter over quarter. The growth in 3D NAND production at Intel's newly started Fab 68 doesn't come as too much of a surprise; Intel is in the process of moving a sizable portion of its NAND-flash based product lines from using NAND flash (some of it 3D NAND based, the rest of it built on costlier planar NAND) produced by factories jointly owned by Micron (NASDAQ:MU) and Intel to its wholly owned Fab 68 factory. In my view, the more interesting data point is the increase in 14-nanometer chip production. What the increase in 14-nanometer production appears to indicate is healthy demand for the company's microprocessor products, which includes personal computer processors (Intel has largely transitioned these over to 14-nanometer) and its data center/server processors (which began moving to 14-nanometer technology about a year ago). The reported combination of strong 14-nanometer chip production and better-than-expected personal computer demand likely means that investors shouldn't worry too much about negative financial surprises when the company reports its financial results and outlook later this quarter. One more thing... In addition to the production information, BlueFin also offered an interesting tidbit with respect to Intel's chip manufacturing technology prowess. It said, "[Intel] continues to hold the process technology leadership bar none," citing a "survey of the leading [semiconductor] equipment and advance [sic] material suppliers" that it performed. "[Intel] remains on track to extend Moore's Law and may be providing some future insight on the challenges facing [Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM)], Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), and GlobalFoundries (GF) with their eventual 7 [nanometer] node transitions," BlueFin said. Obviously, the better Intel's competitive positioning with respect to manufacturing technology is relative to that of its peers, the better off its businesses will be. Intel doesn't compete directly against TSMC, Samsung, and GlobalFoundries for contract chip manufacturing business (Intel offers foundry services but has no real share here today), but Intel's direct competitors rely on TSMC, Samsung, and/or GlobalFoundries to manufacture their chips. Intel's job going forward will be to increasingly try to leverage whatever advantage it has in chip manufacturing technology to defend its positioning in businesses where it's dominant while at the same time boosting its share in areas where it's not a large player today. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Apr 3, 2017 at 5:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing NYSE:TSM $32.89 up $0.05 (0.15%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.16 up $0.09 (0.25%) Micron Technology NASDAQ:MU $28.64 down $0.26 (-0.90%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $1,500.00 no change (0.00%) Read More Why Long-Term Investors Should Prefer NVIDIA Over Intel Will Intel Profit From Self-Driving Cars? Intel Corporation’s Exciting Plan to Chop Up Future Chips Intel's Data Center Monopoly Is Coming to an End Here's Why Intel Corporation Is Putting in More Modem Capacity Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Report: Intel Corporation Chip Production Is Strong @themotleyfool #stocks $TSM, $INTC, $MU, $SSNLF
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Sydney Morning Herald News site of the year World Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News NSW News National Environment Health Education Investigations Good Weekend Galleries Clique Photos Victoria News Queensland ACT News WA News Sport NRL Union AFL Football Cricket Racing Motorsport Basketball Netball Cycling Tennis Scores Golf US Sports Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorials Column 8 Obituaries Peter Hartcher Ross Gittins Jessica Irvine Comment Satire Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage What's On in Sydney Video Shop Art Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games eSports Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World April 4 2017 - 7:19AM Save Print Blackwater founder held secret Seychelles meeting to establish Trump-Putin back channel Adam Entous, Greg Miller, Kevin Sieff and Karen DeYoung 94 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Washington: The United Arab Emirates arranged a secret meeting in January between Blackwater founder Erik Prince and a Russian close to President Vladimir Putin as part of an apparent effort to establish a back-channel line of communication between Moscow and President-elect Donald Trump, according to US, European and Arab officials. The meeting took place around January 11 - nine days before Trump's inauguration - in the Seychelles islands in the Indian Ocean, officials said. Though the full agenda remains unclear, the UAE agreed to broker the meeting in part to explore whether Russia could be persuaded to curtail its relationship with Iran, including in Syria, a Trump administration objective that would likely require major concessions to Moscow on US sanctions. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Britain to protect Gibraltar 'all the way' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:37 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 00:58 Intel Committee begins Russia ... Intel Committee begins Russia interference hearing Senator Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, says he won't prejudge the probe into the possible links between the Trump campaign and Russia, saying "We are seeking to determine if there's an actual fire where there's clearly a lot of smoke." Up Next Britain to protect Gibraltar 'all the way' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:37 Video duration 01:37 Britain to protect Gibraltar 'all the way' Britain to protect Gibraltar 'all the way' British Defence Secretary Michael Fallon vows to protect Gibraltar after the European Union offered Spain a right of veto over Gibraltar's future relations with the bloc. Vision courtesy: BBC's Andrew Marr show, Sky News - Sophy Ridge on Sunday Up Next Passengers flee Russian metro blast Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:12 Video duration 01:12 Passengers flee Russian metro blast Passengers flee Russian metro blast An explosion tore through a train carriage on the St Petersburg metro system, killing at least 11 people and injuring dozens more on Monday. Up Next Huge warehouse fire destroys trucks and cars Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:58 Video duration 00:58 Huge warehouse fire destroys trucks and ... Huge warehouse fire destroys trucks and cars A massive blaze in Opa-locka, Florida destroys trucks and cars before 22 fire units are able to get it under control. Up Next Stakes high as China's president heads to US Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:44 Video duration 01:44 Stakes high as China's president heads to ... Stakes high as China's president heads to US US President Donald Trump will push China to take action against North Korea and the US-China trade deficit when he meets his Chinese counterpart, President Xi Jinping, for the first time. Up Next The human microchip is here Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:25 Video duration 01:25 The human microchip is here The human microchip is here Implanted under the skin, a Swedish company is offering human microchips to their employees to replace keys and cards, but at what cost to their privacy? Up Next Dog rescued from 10-metre well Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:30 Video duration 00:30 Dog rescued from 10-metre well Dog rescued from 10-metre well Video captures a Southern California rescue crew saving a 13-year-old Welsh terrier named Lucy from a well 10-metres deep. Up Next Democrats set to block Trump nominee Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:02 Video duration 02:02 Democrats set to block Trump nominee Democrats set to block Trump nominee US Democrats amass enough support to block a senate confirmation vote on President Donald Trump's Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch, but Republicans vow to change the senate rules to ensure the conservative judge gets the lifetime job. More videos Intel Committee begins Russia interference hearing Senator Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, says he won't prejudge the probe into the possible links between the Trump campaign and Russia, saying "We are seeking to determine if there's an actual fire where there's clearly a lot of smoke." Though Prince had no formal role with the Trump campaign or transition team, he presented himself as an unofficial envoy for Trump to high-ranking Emiratis involved in setting up his meeting with the Putin confidant, according to the officials, who did not identify the Russian. Prince was an avid supporter of Trump who gave $US250,000 last year to support the GOP nominee's campaign, records show. He has ties to people in Trump's circle, including Stephen Bannon, now serving as the president's chief strategist and senior counsellor. Prince's sister Betsy DeVos serves as education secretary in the Trump administration. And Prince was seen in the Trump transition offices in New York in December. Related Content Donald Trump's problems with Russia Top Democrat says White House is trying to distract from Russia probe US officials said the FBI has been scrutinising the Seychelles meeting as part of a broader probe of Russian interference in the 2016 US election and alleged contacts between associates of Putin and Trump. The FBI declined to comment. The Seychelles encounter, which one official said spanned two days, adds to an expanding web of connections between Russia and Americans with ties to Trump - contacts that the White House has been reluctant to acknowledge or explain until they have been exposed by news organisations. Advertisement "We are not aware of any meetings and Erik Prince had no role in the transition," said Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary. "Erik had no role on the transition team. This is a complete fabrication," said a spokesman for Prince in a statement. "The meeting had nothing to do with President Trump. Why is the so-called under-resourced intelligence community messing around with surveillance of American citizens when they should be hunting terrorists?" SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Blackwater CEO and founder Erik Prince. Photo: AP Prince is best known as the founder of Blackwater, a security firm that became a symbol of US abuses in Iraq after a series of incidents including one in 2007 in which the company's guards were accused - and later criminally convicted - of killing civilians in a crowded Iraqi square. Prince sold the firm, which was subsequently rebranded, but has continued building a private paramilitary empire with contracts across the Middle East and Asia. Prince would probably have been seen as too controversial to serve in any official capacity in the Trump transition or administration. But his ties to Trump advisers, experience with clandestine work and relationship with the royal leaders of the Emirates - where he moved in 2010 amid mounting legal problems for his American business - would have positioned him as an ideal go-between. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link US President Donald Trump.  Photo: Bloomberg The Seychelles meeting came after private discussions in New York involving high-ranking representatives of Trump, Moscow and the Emirates. The White House has acknowledged that Michael Flynn, Trump's original national security adviser, and Trump adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner met with the Russian ambassador to the United States, Sergey Kislyak, in late November or early December in New York. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed-Al Nahyan, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi. Photo: Supplied Flynn and Kushner were joined by Bannon for a separate meeting with the crown prince of Abu Dhabi, Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed al-Nahyan, who made an undisclosed visit to New York later in December, according to the US, European and Arab officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss sensitive matters. In an unusual breach of protocol, the UAE did not notify the Obama administration in advance of the visit, though officials found out because Zayed's name appeared on a flight manifest. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Erik Prince has ties to Steve Bannon, Trump's chief strategist. Photo: AP Officials said Zayed and his brother, the UAE's national security adviser, coordinated the Seychelles meeting with Russian government officials with the goal of establishing an unofficial back channel between Trump and Putin. Officials said Zayed wanted to be helpful to both leaders who had talked about working more closely together, a policy objective long advocated by the crown prince. The UAE, which sees Iran as one of its main enemies, also shared the Trump team's interest in finding ways to drive a wedge between Moscow and Tehran. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Sergey Kislyak, Russia's ambassador to the US. Photo: AP Zayed met twice with Putin in 2016, according to Western officials, and urged the Russian leader to work more closely with the Emirates and Saudi Arabia - an effort to isolate Iran. At the time of the Seychelles meeting and for weeks afterward, the UAE believed that Prince had the blessing of the new administration to act as its unofficial representative. The Russian participant was a person whom Zayed knew was close to Putin from his interactions with both men, the officials said. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link White House press secretary Sean Spicer said he was not aware of any meetings.  Photo: AP When the Seychelles meeting took place, official contacts between members of the incoming Trump administration and the Russian government were under intense scrutiny, both from federal investigators and the press. Less than a week before the Seychelles meeting, US intelligence agencies released a report accusing Russia of intervening clandestinely during the 2016 election to help Trump win the White House. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Russian President Vladimir Putin. Photo: AP The FBI was already investigating communications between Flynn and Kislyak. The Washington Post's David Ignatius first disclosed those communications on January 12, around the time of the Seychelles meeting. Flynn was subsequently fired by Trump for misleading Vice President Pence and others about his discussions with Kislyak . Yousef Al Otaiba, the UAE's ambassador in Washington, declined to comment. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link White House senior adviser Jared Kushner. Photo: AP Government officials in the Seychelles said they were not aware of any meetings between Trump and Putin associates in the country around January 11. But they said luxury resorts on the island are ideal for clandestine gatherings like the one described by the US, European and Arab officials. "I wouldn't be surprised at all," said Barry Faure, the Seychelles secretary of state for foreign affairs. "The Seychelles is the kind of place where you can have a good time away from the eyes of the media. That's even printed in our tourism marketing. But I guess this time you smelled something." Trump has dismissed the investigations of Russia's role in the election as "fake news" and a "witch hunt." The level of discretion surrounding the Seychelles meeting seems extraordinary given the frequency with which senior Trump advisers, including Flynn and Kushner, had interacted with Russian officials in the United States, including at the high-profile Trump Tower in New York. Steven Simon, a National Security Council senior director for the Middle East and North Africa in the Obama White House, said: "The idea of using business cutouts, or individuals perceived to be close political leaders, as a tool of diplomacy is as old as the hills. These unofficial channels are desirable precisely because they are deniable; ideas can be tested without the risk of failure." Current and former US officials said that while Prince refrained from playing a direct role in the Trump transition, his name surfaced so frequently in internal discussions that he seemed to function as an outside adviser whose opinions were valued on a range of issues, including plans for overhauling the US intelligence community. He appears to have particularly close ties to Bannon, appearing multiple times as a guest on Bannon's satellite radio program over the past year as well as in articles on the Breitbart web site that Bannon ran before joining the Trump campaign. In a July interview with Bannon, Prince said those seeking forceful US leadership should "wait till January and hope Mr. Trump is elected." And he lashed out at President Barack Obama, saying that because of his policies "the terrorists, the fascists, are winning." Days before the November election, Prince appeared on Bannon's program again, saying that he had "well-placed sources" in the New York City Police Department telling him they were preparing to make arrests in the investigation of former congressman Anthony Weiner over allegations he exchanged sexually explicit texts with a minor. Flynn tweeted a link to the Breitbart report on the claim. No arrests occurred. Prince went on to make a series of unfounded assertions that damaging material recovered from Weiner's computers would implicate Hillary Clinton and her close adviser, Huma Abedin, who was married to Weiner. He also called Abedin an "agent of influence very sympathetic to the Muslim Brotherhood." Prince and his family were major GOP donors in 2016. After the Republican convention, he contributed $US250,000 to Trump's campaign, the national party and a pro-Trump super PAC led by GOP mega-donor Rebekah Mercer. The Centre for Responsive Politics reported that the family gave more than $US10 million to GOP candidates and super PACs, including about $US2.7 million from his sister, DeVos, and her husband. Prince's father, Edgar Prince, built his fortune through an auto-parts company. Betsy married Richard DeVos Jr., heir to the Amway fortune. Erik Prince has had lucrative contracts with the UAE government, which at one point paid his firm a reported $US529 million to help bring in foreign fighters to help assemble an internal paramilitary force capable of carrying out secret operations and protecting Emirati installations from terrorist attacks. The Trump administration and the UAE appear to share a similar preoccupation with Iran. Current and former officials said that Trump advisers were focused throughout the transition period on exploring ways to get Moscow to break ranks with Tehran. "Separating Russia from Iran was a common theme," said a former intelligence official in the Obama administration who met with Trump transition officials. "It didn't seem very well thought out. It seemed a little premature. They clearly had a very specific policy position, which I found odd given that they hadn't even taken the reins and explored with experts in the US government the pros and cons of that approach." Michael McFaul, former US ambassador to Russia, said he also had discussions with people close to the Trump administration about the prospects of drawing Russia away from Iran. "When I would hear this, I would think, 'Yeah that's great for you guys, but why would Putin ever do that?' " McFaul said. "There is no interest in Russia ever doing that. They have a long relationship with Iran. They're allied with Iran in fighting in Syria. They sell weapons to Iran. Iran is an important strategic partner for Russia in the Middle East." Following the New York meeting between the Emiratis and Trump aides, Zayed was approached by Prince, who said he was authorised to act as an unofficial surrogate for the president-elect, according to the officials. He wanted Zayed to set up a meeting with a Putin associate. Zayed agreed and proposed the Seychelles as the meeting place because of the privacy it would afford both sides. "He wanted to be helpful," one official said of Zayed. Wealthy Russians and Emirati royalty have a particularly large footprint on the islands. Signs advertising deep-sea fishing trips are posted in Cyrillic. Russian billionaire Mikhail Prokhorov owns North Island, where Prince William and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, went on their honeymoon in 2011. Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed al-Nahyan, president of the UAE, built a hilltop palace for himself with views across the chain of islands. The Emiratis have given hundreds of millions of dollars to the Seychelles in recent years for causes including public health and affordable housing. But when the Emirati royal family visits, they are rarely seen. "The jeep comes to their private jet on the tarmac and they disappear," said one Seychellois official who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he did not want to be seen as criticising the Emiratis. Zayed, the crown prince, owns a share of the Seychelles' Four Seasons, a collection of private villas scattered on a lush hillside on the main island's southern shore, overlooking the Indian Ocean, according to officials in the Seychelles. The hotel is tucked away on a private beach, far from the nearest public road. Current and former US officials who have worked closely with Zayed, who is often referred to as MBZ, say it would be out of character for him to arrange the Jan. 11 meeting without getting a green light in advance from top aides to Trump and Putin, if not the leaders themselves. "MBZ is very cautious," said an American businessman who knows Zayed. "There had to be a nod." The Seychelles meeting was deemed productive by the UAE and Russia but the idea of arranging additional meetings between Prince and Putin's associates was dropped, officials said. Even unofficial contacts between Trump and Putin associates had become too politically risky, officials said. Sieff reported from the Seychelles. The Washington Post's Julie Tate, Devlin Barrett, Matea Gold, Tom Hamburger and Rosalind S. Helderman contributed to this report. Washington Post Related Content Trump fans premature 'mission accomplished' on Islamic State and the Middle East Ivanka and Jared on perilous ethical grounds Flynn asks for immunity to testify before Congress Advertisement Most Popular The secret meeting that established Trump-Putin back channel Japan's protest over Korean 'comfort woman' statue over for now 'Jaw jaw not war war': May hoses down talk of war with Spain Commuters killed in blast at Russian train station Trump tells el-Sisi, US and Egypt will fight Islamic militants together Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow SMH Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World The secret meeting that established Trump-Putin back channel Commuters killed in blast at Russian train station 'Jaw jaw not war war': May hoses down talk of war with Spain So many journalists have been killed in Mexico this year that a newspaper is shutting down Kentucky judge rules Trump may have incited violence at election rally The Sydney Morning Herald Calombaris' restaurants underpaid staff $2.6m Sorry folks, this ain't no property bubble 'She just became disoriented': schoolgirl went missing during camping trip Despair as TV viewer costs golfer major title The secret meeting that established Trump-Putin back channel The Age Company told hours after Essendon DFO crash that plane was in its name Calombaris' restaurants underpaid staff $2.6m Sorry folks, this ain't no property bubble Slow and steady, Hawks losing the race? Ice-affected driver jailed for six years for hitting cyclist Brisbane Times Wild weather did not stop Brisbane council issuing parking fines Brisbane storm clean-up continues: worst-hit areas revealed Sorry folks, this ain't no property bubble Police optimistic human remains found in bush grave are of Sam Thompson Man charged with murder after Holland Park West stabbing Canberra Times Canberra losing grip on public service Australian restaurants suffering the MasterChef curse Student reveals terrifying ordeal after carload of men chased her home The secret meeting that established Trump-Putin back channel NSW floods: Crews search for car washed into Tweed River near Tumbulgum WA Today Meth addict aunt on trial accused of encouraging husband to sexually abuse 6yo niece WA teacher who indecently recorded dozens of kids revealed Perth home prices rise after three-year decline, data shows 'The worst position in Freo's history': Paul Hasleby slams Dockers Better for Dockers to let Fyfe go: Cometti Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Sydney Morning Herald Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition SMH for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters Sydney Morning Herald Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Networking Industry Leaders Join Forces to Expand New Open Source Community to Drive Development of the DPDK Project SANTA CLARA, Calif., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — (OPEN NETWORKING SUMMIT 2017) – The Linux Foundation, the nonprofit advancing professional open source management for mass collaboration, today announced that the DPDK Project (Data Plane Development Kit) community has moved to The Linux Foundation. The Linux Foundation provides a neutral home that promotes collaboration around open source technologies, such as a technical governance model that enables the growth of developer communities. The DPDK Project includes members from the telecommunications industry, network and cloud infrastructure vendors, as well as multiple hardware vendors. Gold members of the project are ARM, AT&T, Cavium, Intel, Mellanox, NXP, Red Hat, and ZTE Corporation. Silver members of DPDK include 6WIND, Atomic Rules, Huawei, Spirent, and Wind River. Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST), University of Limerick, University of Massachusetts Lowell, and Tsinghua University are Associate members. The Linux Foundation logo (PRNewsFoto/The Linux Foundation) „An open governance structure will encourage continued growth and investment in the DPDK developer community,” said Jim Zemlin, Executive Director of the Linux Foundation. „We believe the vibrant DPDK developer community will quickly grow in their new home and fuel continued rapid innovation in open networking.” Key to the NFV Revolution DPDK is the Data Plane Development Kit that consists of libraries to accelerate packet processing workloads running on a wide variety of CPU architectures. In a world where the network is becoming fundamental to the way people communicate, performance, throughput, and latency are increasingly important for applications like wireless core and access, wireline infrastructure, routers, load balancers, firewalls, video streaming, VoIP, and more. By enabling very fast packet processing, DPDK is making it possible for the telecommunications industry to move performance-sensitive applications like the backbone for mobile networks and voice to the cloud. It was also identified as a key enabling technology for Network Functions Virtualization (NFV) in the original ETSI NFV White Paper. DPDK was created in 2010 by Intel and made available under a permissive open source license. The open source community was established at DPDK.org in 2013 by 6WIND and has facilitated the continued expansion of the project. Since then, the community has been continuously growing in terms of the number of contributors, patches, and contributing organizations, with 10 major releases completed including contributions from over 400 individuals from 70 different organizations. DPDK now supports all major CPU architectures and NICs from multiple vendors, which makes it ideally suited to applications that need to be portable across multiple platforms. More than 20 key open source projects build on DPDK libraries, including MoonGen, mTCP, Ostinato, Lagopus, Fast Data (FD.io), Open vSwitch, OPNFV, and OpenStack. Strengthening the ecosystem around DPDK will enable it to meet the needs of the users and projects that depend on it and helps to foster open innovation. The Linux Foundation and the DPDK community have worked to establish a governance and membership structure for the DPDK Project to nurture a vibrant and open community, and also provide financial support to help the community. A Governing Board will guide marketing, and consider business impact and alignment with the community. The Technical Board, which is in charge of the technical direction of DPDK, is already established and consists of key contributors who lead the ongoing maintenance and evolution of the project. Industry Support for DPDK Project „We’re seeing the telecom industry become more collaborative, largely because of commitment in open source and other standards-type processes,” said Chris Rice, Senior Vice President of AT&T Labs. „The Linux Foundation has a history of aligning the open source communities, and DPDK’s transition to The Linux Foundation helps promote more open collaboration for network packet processing.” „Cavium welcomes the move of the DPDK Project to The Linux Foundation,” said Larry Wikelius, Vice President Software Ecosystem and Solutions Group, Cavium. „In the last two years, we have expanded DPDK to support Cavium’s ARMv8 processors as well as our range of adapters and Ethernet NICs, which brings significantly more choice to builders of high performance Cloud, NFV, and premise-based networking equipment. Cavium is also driving enhancements to allow hardware schedulers/load balancers to better utilize every core in the most efficient way.” „Intel has long appreciated the strong value that DPDK provides as a high performance packet processing building block, enabling the move to efficiently virtualize network solutions on open platforms,” said Sandra Rivera, Vice President and General Manager, Network Platforms Group at Intel. „We look forward to continuing to work with The Linux Foundation and DPDK community by contributing and innovating for optimized solutions that accelerate and scale deployments of NFV and SDN.” „Mellanox is committed to open source development and looks forward to driving DPDK forward as part of The Linux Foundation,” said Amit Krig, Vice President of Software Engineering, Mellanox Technologies. „We have been an active participant since the project was first initiated, and will work with the expanded community to optimize DPDK to deliver both performance and efficiency for network intensive applications.” „NXP is pleased to participate in the leadership of the new DPDK Project within The Linux Foundation,” said Richard House, Vice President of Global Software Development of NXP. „DPDK is an important technology that supports the development of open standards in networking software. NXP is delighted to work with other leading semiconductor, network equipment, and software developers on the continued development of DPDK within an open forum.” „Open source communities continue to be a driving force behind technology innovation, and open networking and NFV are great examples of that. Red Hat believes deeply in the power of open source to help transform the telecommunications industry, enabling service providers to build next generation efficient, flexible and agile networks,” said Chris Wright, Vice President and Chief Technologist, Office of Technology at Red Hat. „DPDK has played an important role in this network transformation, and our contributions to the DPDK community are aimed at helping to continue this innovation.” „DPDK is a key technology that enables the communications industry to move to a virtualized infrastructure. As a global leader in telecommunications and information technology, we see strong open source community support as an essential element to building high performance networking solutions for the cloud infrastructure,” said Zhang Wanchun, Vice President of ZTE and Principal of Wireless Product R＆D Institute, ZTE. „We will consistently support the development of the DPDK project and collaborate with industry peers to help build and shape this technology for the future.” Community Support The move has the support of the DPDK community: „The great success of the DPDK project would not have been possible without the support of the whole dpdk.org community,” said Eric Carmès, Founder and CEO of 6WIND. „As the founder of dpdk.org and community manager of the project for many years, 6WIND is proud to have established such a vibrant community, and looks forward to seeing its continued growth with The Linux Foundation.” Others are invited to participate in the DPDK Project by getting involved in the technical community and by joining as members. For more information, visit http://dpdk.org/. About The Linux Foundation The Linux Foundation is the organization of choice for the world’s top developers and companies to build ecosystems that accelerate open technology development and commercial adoption. Together with the worldwide open source community, it is solving the hardest technology problems by creating the largest shared technology investment in history. Founded in 2000, The Linux Foundation today provides tools, training and events to scale any open source project, which together deliver an economic impact not achievable by any one company. More information can be found atwww.linuxfoundation.org. The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks, including The Linux Foundation. For a full list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our trademark usage page: https://www.linuxfoundation.org/trademark-usage. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Media Contact Zibby Keaton The Linux Foundation zkeaton@linuxfoundation.org To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/networking-industry-leaders-join-forces-to-expand-new-open-source-community-to-drive-development-of-the-dpdk-project-300433497.html SOURCE The Linux Foundation Related Links http://www.linuxfoundation.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsNot For Profit, Trade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Basic Energy Services Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release And Conference Call Schedule Next PostNext Global Surgical Robots for the Spine Market Competition Analysis by Type, Region Forecast 2021 Search Recent Posts Virtual Private Network(VPN) Market Worth to cross USD 106 Billion at CAGR of 13% by 2022 Reinvigorating Productivity Growth Global UAV Payload and Subsystems Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 9% during 2016 to 2021 Top Self-Directed IRA Provider – IRA Financial Group – Announces New Self-Directed IRA Compliance & Regulatory Service Investments to modernize the power grid and advance cleaner energy lead to Alliant Energy’s first retail electric base rate increase in Iowa since 2011 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Networking Industry Leaders Join Forces to Expand New Open Source Community to Drive Development of the DPDK Project Linux Foundation houses DPDK Project to support ecosystem growth News provided by The Linux Foundation Apr 03, 2017, 16:30 ET Share this article SANTA CLARA, Calif., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- (OPEN NETWORKING SUMMIT 2017) – The Linux Foundation, the nonprofit advancing professional open source management for mass collaboration, today announced that the DPDK Project (Data Plane Development Kit) community has moved to The Linux Foundation. The Linux Foundation provides a neutral home that promotes collaboration around open source technologies, such as a technical governance model that enables the growth of developer communities. The DPDK Project includes members from the telecommunications industry, network and cloud infrastructure vendors, as well as multiple hardware vendors. Gold members of the project are ARM, AT&T, Cavium, Intel, Mellanox, NXP, Red Hat, and ZTE Corporation. Silver members of DPDK include 6WIND, Atomic Rules, Huawei, Spirent, and Wind River. Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST), University of Limerick, University of Massachusetts Lowell, and Tsinghua University are Associate members. The Linux Foundation logo (PRNewsFoto/The Linux Foundation) "An open governance structure will encourage continued growth and investment in the DPDK developer community," said Jim Zemlin, Executive Director of the Linux Foundation. "We believe the vibrant DPDK developer community will quickly grow in their new home and fuel continued rapid innovation in open networking." Key to the NFV Revolution DPDK is the Data Plane Development Kit that consists of libraries to accelerate packet processing workloads running on a wide variety of CPU architectures. In a world where the network is becoming fundamental to the way people communicate, performance, throughput, and latency are increasingly important for applications like wireless core and access, wireline infrastructure, routers, load balancers, firewalls, video streaming, VoIP, and more. By enabling very fast packet processing, DPDK is making it possible for the telecommunications industry to move performance-sensitive applications like the backbone for mobile networks and voice to the cloud. It was also identified as a key enabling technology for Network Functions Virtualization (NFV) in the original ETSI NFV White Paper. DPDK was created in 2010 by Intel and made available under a permissive open source license. The open source community was established at DPDK.org in 2013 by 6WIND and has facilitated the continued expansion of the project. Since then, the community has been continuously growing in terms of the number of contributors, patches, and contributing organizations, with 10 major releases completed including contributions from over 400 individuals from 70 different organizations. DPDK now supports all major CPU architectures and NICs from multiple vendors, which makes it ideally suited to applications that need to be portable across multiple platforms. More than 20 key open source projects build on DPDK libraries, including MoonGen, mTCP, Ostinato, Lagopus, Fast Data (FD.io), Open vSwitch, OPNFV, and OpenStack. Strengthening the ecosystem around DPDK will enable it to meet the needs of the users and projects that depend on it and helps to foster open innovation. The Linux Foundation and the DPDK community have worked to establish a governance and membership structure for the DPDK Project to nurture a vibrant and open community, and also provide financial support to help the community. A Governing Board will guide marketing, and consider business impact and alignment with the community. The Technical Board, which is in charge of the technical direction of DPDK, is already established and consists of key contributors who lead the ongoing maintenance and evolution of the project. Industry Support for DPDK Project "We're seeing the telecom industry become more collaborative, largely because of commitment in open source and other standards-type processes," said Chris Rice, Senior Vice President of AT&T Labs. "The Linux Foundation has a history of aligning the open source communities, and DPDK's transition to The Linux Foundation helps promote more open collaboration for network packet processing." "Cavium welcomes the move of the DPDK Project to The Linux Foundation," said Larry Wikelius, Vice President Software Ecosystem and Solutions Group, Cavium. "In the last two years, we have expanded DPDK to support Cavium's ARMv8 processors as well as our range of adapters and Ethernet NICs, which brings significantly more choice to builders of high performance Cloud, NFV, and premise-based networking equipment. Cavium is also driving enhancements to allow hardware schedulers/load balancers to better utilize every core in the most efficient way." "Intel has long appreciated the strong value that DPDK provides as a high performance packet processing building block, enabling the move to efficiently virtualize network solutions on open platforms," said Sandra Rivera, Vice President and General Manager, Network Platforms Group at Intel. "We look forward to continuing to work with The Linux Foundation and DPDK community by contributing and innovating for optimized solutions that accelerate and scale deployments of NFV and SDN." "Mellanox is committed to open source development and looks forward to driving DPDK forward as part of The Linux Foundation," said Amit Krig, Vice President of Software Engineering, Mellanox Technologies. "We have been an active participant since the project was first initiated, and will work with the expanded community to optimize DPDK to deliver both performance and efficiency for network intensive applications." "NXP is pleased to participate in the leadership of the new DPDK Project within The Linux Foundation," said Richard House, Vice President of Global Software Development of NXP. "DPDK is an important technology that supports the development of open standards in networking software. NXP is delighted to work with other leading semiconductor, network equipment, and software developers on the continued development of DPDK within an open forum." "Open source communities continue to be a driving force behind technology innovation, and open networking and NFV are great examples of that. Red Hat believes deeply in the power of open source to help transform the telecommunications industry, enabling service providers to build next generation efficient, flexible and agile networks," said Chris Wright, Vice President and Chief Technologist, Office of Technology at Red Hat. "DPDK has played an important role in this network transformation, and our contributions to the DPDK community are aimed at helping to continue this innovation." "DPDK is a key technology that enables the communications industry to move to a virtualized infrastructure. As a global leader in telecommunications and information technology, we see strong open source community support as an essential element to building high performance networking solutions for the cloud infrastructure," said Zhang Wanchun, Vice President of ZTE and Principal of Wireless Product R＆D Institute, ZTE. "We will consistently support the development of the DPDK project and collaborate with industry peers to help build and shape this technology for the future." Community Support The move has the support of the DPDK community: "The great success of the DPDK project would not have been possible without the support of the whole dpdk.org community," said Eric Carmès, Founder and CEO of 6WIND. "As the founder of dpdk.org and community manager of the project for many years, 6WIND is proud to have established such a vibrant community, and looks forward to seeing its continued growth with The Linux Foundation." Others are invited to participate in the DPDK Project by getting involved in the technical community and by joining as members. For more information, visit http://dpdk.org/. About The Linux Foundation The Linux Foundation is the organization of choice for the world's top developers and companies to build ecosystems that accelerate open technology development and commercial adoption. Together with the worldwide open source community, it is solving the hardest technology problems by creating the largest shared technology investment in history. Founded in 2000, The Linux Foundation today provides tools, training and events to scale any open source project, which together deliver an economic impact not achievable by any one company. More information can be found atwww.linuxfoundation.org. The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks, including The Linux Foundation. For a full list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our trademark usage page: https://www.linuxfoundation.org/trademark-usage. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Media Contact Zibby Keaton The Linux Foundation zkeaton@linuxfoundation.org To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/networking-industry-leaders-join-forces-to-expand-new-open-source-community-to-drive-development-of-the-dpdk-project-300433497.html SOURCE The Linux Foundation Related Links http://www.linuxfoundation.org Mar 30, 2017, 12:00 ET Preview: The Linux Foundation, ODPi and edX Announce New, Free Intro to Apache Hadoop Course My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 30, 2017, 12:00 ETThe Linux Foundation, ODPi and edX Announce New, Free Intro to... Mar 30, 2017, 09:00 ETThe Linux Foundation Announces 16 New Silver Members Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Trade Show News Not For Profit You just read: Networking Industry Leaders Join Forces to Expand New Open Source Community to Drive Development of the DPDK Project News provided by The Linux Foundation Apr 03, 2017, 16:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Networking Industry Leaders Join Forces to Expand New Open Source Community to Drive Development of the DPDK Project Linux Foundation houses DPDK Project to support ecosystem growth SANTA CLARA, Calif., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- (OPEN NETWORKING SUMMIT 2017) – The Linux Foundation, the nonprofit advancing professional open source management for mass collaboration, today announced that the DPDK Project (Data Plane Development Kit) community has moved to The Linux Foundation. The Linux Foundation provides a neutral home that promotes collaboration around open source technologies, such as a technical governance model that enables the growth of developer communities. The DPDK Project includes members from the telecommunications industry, network and cloud infrastructure vendors, as well as multiple hardware vendors. Gold members of the project are ARM, AT&T, Cavium, Intel, Mellanox, NXP, Red Hat, and ZTE Corporation. Silver members of DPDK include 6WIND, Atomic Rules, Huawei, Spirent, and Wind River. Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST), University of Limerick, University of Massachusetts Lowell, and Tsinghua University are Associate members. "An open governance structure will encourage continued growth and investment in the DPDK developer community," said Jim Zemlin, Executive Director of the Linux Foundation. "We believe the vibrant DPDK developer community will quickly grow in their new home and fuel continued rapid innovation in open networking." Key to the NFV Revolution DPDK is the Data Plane Development Kit that consists of libraries to accelerate packet processing workloads running on a wide variety of CPU architectures. In a world where the network is becoming fundamental to the way people communicate, performance, throughput, and latency are increasingly important for applications like wireless core and access, wireline infrastructure, routers, load balancers, firewalls, video streaming, VoIP, and more. By enabling very fast packet processing, DPDK is making it possible for the telecommunications industry to move performance-sensitive applications like the backbone for mobile networks and voice to the cloud. It was also identified as a key enabling technology for Network Functions Virtualization (NFV) in the original ETSI NFV White Paper. DPDK was created in 2010 by Intel and made available under a permissive open source license. The open source community was established at DPDK.org in 2013 by 6WIND and has facilitated the continued expansion of the project. Since then, the community has been continuously growing in terms of the number of contributors, patches, and contributing organizations, with 10 major releases completed including contributions from over 400 individuals from 70 different organizations. DPDK now supports all major CPU architectures and NICs from multiple vendors, which makes it ideally suited to applications that need to be portable across multiple platforms. More than 20 key open source projects build on DPDK libraries, including MoonGen, mTCP, Ostinato, Lagopus, Fast Data (FD.io), Open vSwitch, OPNFV, and OpenStack. Strengthening the ecosystem around DPDK will enable it to meet the needs of the users and projects that depend on it and helps to foster open innovation. The Linux Foundation and the DPDK community have worked to establish a governance and membership structure for the DPDK Project to nurture a vibrant and open community, and also provide financial support to help the community. A Governing Board will guide marketing, and consider business impact and alignment with the community. The Technical Board, which is in charge of the technical direction of DPDK, is already established and consists of key contributors who lead the ongoing maintenance and evolution of the project. Industry Support for DPDK Project "We're seeing the telecom industry become more collaborative, largely because of commitment in open source and other standards-type processes," said Chris Rice, Senior Vice President of AT&T Labs. "The Linux Foundation has a history of aligning the open source communities, and DPDK's transition to The Linux Foundation helps promote more open collaboration for network packet processing." "Cavium welcomes the move of the DPDK Project to The Linux Foundation," said Larry Wikelius, Vice President Software Ecosystem and Solutions Group, Cavium. "In the last two years, we have expanded DPDK to support Cavium's ARMv8 processors as well as our range of adapters and Ethernet NICs, which brings significantly more choice to builders of high performance Cloud, NFV, and premise-based networking equipment. Cavium is also driving enhancements to allow hardware schedulers/load balancers to better utilize every core in the most efficient way." "Intel has long appreciated the strong value that DPDK provides as a high performance packet processing building block, enabling the move to efficiently virtualize network solutions on open platforms," said Sandra Rivera, Vice President and General Manager, Network Platforms Group at Intel. "We look forward to continuing to work with The Linux Foundation and DPDK community by contributing and innovating for optimized solutions that accelerate and scale deployments of NFV and SDN." "Mellanox is committed to open source development and looks forward to driving DPDK forward as part of The Linux Foundation," said Amit Krig, Vice President of Software Engineering, Mellanox Technologies. "We have been an active participant since the project was first initiated, and will work with the expanded community to optimize DPDK to deliver both performance and efficiency for network intensive applications." "NXP is pleased to participate in the leadership of the new DPDK Project within The Linux Foundation," said Richard House, Vice President of Global Software Development of NXP. "DPDK is an important technology that supports the development of open standards in networking software. NXP is delighted to work with other leading semiconductor, network equipment, and software developers on the continued development of DPDK within an open forum." "Open source communities continue to be a driving force behind technology innovation, and open networking and NFV are great examples of that. Red Hat believes deeply in the power of open source to help transform the telecommunications industry, enabling service providers to build next generation efficient, flexible and agile networks," said Chris Wright, Vice President and Chief Technologist, Office of Technology at Red Hat. "DPDK has played an important role in this network transformation, and our contributions to the DPDK community are aimed at helping to continue this innovation." "DPDK is a key technology that enables the communications industry to move to a virtualized infrastructure. As a global leader in telecommunications and information technology, we see strong open source community support as an essential element to building high performance networking solutions for the cloud infrastructure," said Zhang Wanchun, Vice President of ZTE and Principal of Wireless Product R＆D Institute, ZTE. "We will consistently support the development of the DPDK project and collaborate with industry peers to help build and shape this technology for the future." Community Support The move has the support of the DPDK community: "The great success of the DPDK project would not have been possible without the support of the whole dpdk.org community," said Eric Carmès, Founder and CEO of 6WIND. "As the founder of dpdk.org and community manager of the project for many years, 6WIND is proud to have established such a vibrant community, and looks forward to seeing its continued growth with The Linux Foundation." Others are invited to participate in the DPDK Project by getting involved in the technical community and by joining as members. For more information, visit http://dpdk.org/. About The Linux Foundation The Linux Foundation is the organization of choice for the world's top developers and companies to build ecosystems that accelerate open technology development and commercial adoption. Together with the worldwide open source community, it is solving the hardest technology problems by creating the largest shared technology investment in history. Founded in 2000, The Linux Foundation today provides tools, training and events to scale any open source project, which together deliver an economic impact not achievable by any one company. More information can be found atwww.linuxfoundation.org. The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks, including The Linux Foundation. For a full list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our trademark usage page: https://www.linuxfoundation.org/trademark-usage. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Media Contact Zibby Keaton The Linux Foundation zkeaton@linuxfoundation.org SOURCE The Linux Foundation CategoriesUncategorized TagsComputer/ Electronics, Not For Profit, Tradeshow News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The Roads Truckers Call The Most Dangerous In America Next PostNext Retired and Planning for the Future: TLC & Company Finance Friday for Seniors in Malibu Search Recent Posts Kitron: Notice of Annual General Meeting on 25 April 2017 at 09:30 Kitron: Innkalling til ordinær generalforsamling 25. april 2017 kl. 09.30 Vostok Emerging Finance Net Asset value, Mar 31, 2017: Ericsson and Cisco to strengthen Nextel IP network in Brazil Kinnevik: Nomination Committee’s proposed board composition Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Google's video recognition AI is trivially trollable DataCore's Parallel Server is loose with 'lighthouse' customers Optical boffins tweak antennae with photons so MIMO can make WiFi serve more masters Free Range Routing project takes aim at Cisco with server-as-router project Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH DataCore's Parallel Server is loose with 'lighthouse' customers Optical boffins tweak antennae with photons so MIMO can make WiFi serve more masters Free Range Routing project takes aim at Cisco with server-as-router project Rackspace launches cloud consultancy service while firing staff Google's video recognition AI is trivially trollable Ford slurps 400 BlackBerry devs in smart car software push Android beats Windows as most popular OS for interwebz – by 0.02% Microsoft's in-store Android looks desperate but can Google stop it? Wi-Fi sex toy with built-in camera fails penetration test Drive-by Wi-Fi i-Thing attack, oh my! Kremlin hackers suspected in assault on athletics governing body Power plant cyber threat: Lock up your ICSs and SCADAs The 'data driven enterprise' is actually just the enterprise Converged systems market is so hot it just went backwards Defence in Depth: A 'layered' strategy can repel cold attackers Surprise! Thanks to the cloud, you've got a hybrid infrastructure Continuous Lifecycle: Over 40 reasons to secure your place Massive scale, tight security – what's not to love about Kubernetes 1.6? Well... Continuous Lifecycle Workshops: Choose your preferred deep dive DevOps hype? Sometimes a pizza really is just a pizza Policy The Channel Verizon utters solemn Oath: Yahoo! will remain Yahoo! Google court filing names a second source for Uber's lifted robo-car plans Veaam says it's very attractive but isn't selling itself FTC accuses man of faking its news to further tech support scam Alabama man gets electrocuted after sleeping with iPhone Drone complaints to cops are up twelvefold in three years Florida Man can't pause cycle on Samsung 'exploding' washing machine lawsuit Samsung Galaxy S8: Slimmer bezels, a desktop mode – and yet another me-too AI pal SPB Geek's Guide Mediaeval Yorkshirefolk mutilated, burned t'dead to prevent reanimation Lochs, rifle stocks and two EPIC sea gates: Thomas Telford's Highland waterway Wet, wild Mars stripped off by hot young star, left barren and red faced How hard will it be to measure Planet Nine? Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things UK gov draws driverless car test zone around M40 corridor M3 call for papers extended BMW chief: Big auto will stay in the driving seat with autonomous cars Forget robot overlords, humankind will get finished off by IoT Verity Stob New plastic banknote plans now upsetting environmental campaigners Pirate of the Caribbean to play Hacker of the Caribbean Nuns left in limbo after phone line transfer hell Miss Misery on hacking Mr Robot and the Missing Sense of Fun More like this Intel Ipo Cloudera Business 3 Cloudera finally confirms IPO And we get to see details of the odd deal it struck with Intel 3 Apr 2017 at 19:59, Kieren McCarthy After playing coy for the past two weeks, Cloudera has finally gone public with its plans to go public, filing the relevant IPO forms with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. The company is looking to raise $200m and the S-1 filing gives some insight into the big data company – mostly that it is losing a lot of money, but less than last year. The company's revenues jumped nearly 60 per cent last year – from $166m in fiscal year 2016 to $261m for 2017. Its gross profit did likewise – up 90 per cent from $91m to $174m. But the company still made a loss of $187m; most of it thanks to its huge sales and marketing spend of $203m. If there's any good news, it's that the company lost less in 2017 than the previous year (it was $203m in 2016). For a company valued at $4.1bn and losing $200m a year, it may seem odd that Cloudera is only seeking to raise $200m. And that is in large part thanks to its peculiar contractual relationship with Intel. Cloudera was started in 2008 by three engineers from Facebook, Google, and Yahoo! It raised $11m in VC money the next year; then $25m in 2010; then $40m in 2012. But the company was blowing through it all and by 2013 had become a much-talked-about tech company because VCs were wavering on putting in additional funds. So it was assumed the company would either IPO or be acquired. The fact that no one imagined Cloudera would simply disappear was an encouraging sign for the Hadoop-based software, support and services company. Clearly people were using its products and it offered something unique in a crowded market. In the end, the company managed to maintain its independence by doing a deal with Intel in a big $900m funding round in March 2014, of which the chipmaker put in $740m. But the deal came with an unusual contract that the IPO documents have shed light on for the first time. To the max Under the terms of the contract with Cloudera, Intel is not allowed to own more than 20 per cent of the company when it goes public – something the company is calling the "Intel Maximum Percentage." Intel currently owns 22 per cent of Cloudera stock (its two biggest and earliest VC investors, Accel and Greylock, own 16.3 and 12.5 per cent respectively). After the IPO, that percentage will fall to the magic 20 per cent – implying that Intel may put have put a limit on the amount that Cloudera can raise so it can maintain its percentage. Intel also has a provision, however, that allows it to maintain the same percentage as any other investor in the company. Aside from its $740m investment, Intel has invested a lot into Cloudera in terms of products: the cybersecurity project Apache Spot and work on new chip encryption to name but two. For Intel to go above that 20 per cent figure, it would either have to acquire the entire company (payday for the investors) or it would be allowed to buy shares to match the percentage holding of another company. So if Company X decided to buy out the two other largest investors and their 28.8 per cent holding, Intel would be allowed to buy an additional 8.8 per cent to match them. In effect, for bailing Cloudera out in 2014, Intel gets to maintain a certain level of control over the company. Cashing out In June 2016, Cloudera's chief architect Doug Cutting told The Register that the company would never need to raise money thanks to Intel's big investment. "We believe that we don't need to raise more money for... ever, I guess is the point, until we are profitable. We will IPO when we feel like we have a business we can show that is profitable." In reality of course, investors have a pretty big say on what a company does. And in this case it seems the VCs want to cash out, at least in part. With Snap's recent IPO, the tech industry sees a potential new window for going public after fears of a bubble collapse last year all but dried up the market. In fact, Cloudera was one of the companies hit hardest in tech devaluations this time last year, mostly because it was assumed the VCs wanted to cash out but the market was a mess: Fidelity Investments cut its valuation of the company by no less than 38 per cent. All of which leads to the question: is Cloudera a good bet? Well, it has Intel's backing, which is both a positive and a negative. Intel is not planning on going anywhere and so Cloudera has a good foundation. At the same time, Intel clearly has quite a significant say in what the company can do, so their fates are entwined together. On the flip side, Cloudera has a lot of competition from some very big tech companies including Amazon, Microsoft and Google. The big plus of Cloudera? Open source software. ® Tips and corrections 3 Comments More from The Register Intel touts bug bounties to hardware hackers Website and Intel Security (McAfee) products excluded from 'Wild West' payouts scheme 2 Comments Intel reveals Optane will need a 7th-gen core and a PC-centric launch You're going to need a whole lot of Intel Inside to make this work 16 Comments Regular or premium? Intel pumps out Optane memory at CES CES 2017 Just a dash to Kaby Lake splash 20 Comments Intel swallows Tesla-hating self-driving car biz Mobileye for $15bn Sensor maker gets a massive payday as Chipzilla gobbles up more non-x86 tech 17 Comments Intel's Clear Containers creep toward being useful: Now plays nicer with Docker, Kubernetes Like virtual machines but, well, like virtual machines Intel's Q4 was 'terrific' and 'record setting' says CEO as profits dip How's that sacking 12,000 people thing going, Bri? 3 Comments Whitepapers Dynamic Optimization Technology for Infrastructure Resources and Cloud Services Access this Innovation Insight to read Gartner’s recommendations for incorporating dynamic optimisation technology into your infrastructure and cloud initiatives. Can Machine Learning Prevent Application Downtime? Nimble Labs report outlining the top causes of the app-data gap. The Path to Hybrid Cloud With these advances and the ability to choose between a local data center and multiple public cloud offerings. Proven HFA Vendor Nimble Storage Achieving Rapid Success in the AFA Market A helpful summary of the evolving AFA Market as well as the Nimble technology, business value, customers, and go-to-market strategies. Most read Head of US military kit-testing slams F-35, says it's scarcely fit to fly Microsoft's in-store Android looks desperate but can Google stop it? Boeing and Airbus fly new planes for first time That sound you hear is Splunk leaking data Franken-firm DXC Technology is born today, the fun begins... Spotlight First the Rise of the Machines, now this: UK military's Exercise Information Warrior How UK’s GDPR law might not be judged 'adequate' Thank heavens the wrangling over BT's Openreach separation has ended Can you ethically suggest a woman pursue a career in tech? Feeling safer under Microsoft's cloud patent shield? Don't GDPR: Do not resist! Unless you want a visit from the data police It's holistic, dude: How to dodge the EU's £17m data regulation sting Citrix looks like it has escaped 'not dead yet' status Sponsored links Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Contact us Advertise with us More content Under the hood Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Yes, Intel Corp. Is Moving in a New Direction There's no need for guesswork anymore -- the company has published its new strategy in plain English. Anders Bylund (TMFZahrim) Apr 3, 2017 at 2:12PM If it weren't already obvious that Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) is moving deeper into the data center, now we have it in black and white. The rickety PC market is not a strategic focus anymore, but heavy-duty number crunching is. The strategic shift was stated in plain English this week, baked into an announcement that longtime vice president Aicha Evans will be shouldering the newly created title of Intel's chief strategy officer. Image source: Intel. From the announcement, with the key portion highlighted in italics: "She will be responsible for driving Intel's long-term strategy to transform from a PC-centric company to a data-centric company, as well as leading rapid decision making and companywide execution of the strategy." Intel's chief strategy officer, Aicha Evans. Image source: Intel. There you have it. Evans is tasked with moving Intel away from the floundering PC market and into the vibrant data analysis sector. The shift is companywide and needs to be done quickly. The plainspoken statement comes just weeks after Intel started launching its $15.3 billion acquisition of automotive computing specialist Mobileye (NYSE:MBLY). In August of 2016, the company picked up data processing specialist Nervana, which designs hyper-specialized chips for artificial intelligence, data analysis, and deep-learning systems. Those are just two of the most high-profile moves Intel has made toward the data center market lately. The full list is much longer. Intel rivals NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) and Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD) are exploring the same strategic direction from their own unique angles, unlocking a ton of shareholder value in the process. NVIDIA shares have tripled over the last year as the company's latest generation of graphics processors was embraced by big-iron system builders and moved into the data center. AMD's equally fresh graphics platform is taking the same tack, yielding a nearly 400% shareholder return in 52 weeks. The data center is at the heart of Intel's traditional hunting grounds, and the company won't stand for smaller rivals stepping in to steal all of the thunder. The Nervana buyout is a direct attack on NVIDIA and AMD, and Aicha Evans will make sure to drive that point home. We Intel shareholders can't expect the stock to double or triple overnight, of course. It's an industry giant, poised to strike at much smaller challengers. It takes more work to move Intel's larger business needle. But the writing is on the wall: Intel is going there with a focused purpose and high speed. AMD and NVIDIA must have seen this coming from miles away, but their investors should still be shaking in their boots. Anders Bylund owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Nvidia. The Motley Fool also recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Anders Bylund (TMFZahrim) Anders Bylund is a Foolish Technology and Entertainment Specialist. Where the two markets intersect, you'll find his wheelhouse. He has been an official Fool since 2006 but a jester all his life. Hypoallergenic. Contains six flavors not found in nature. Believes in coyotes and time as an abstract. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. Follow Anders on Twitter, LinkedIn, and Google+. Article Info Apr 3, 2017 at 2:12PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.16 up $0.09 (0.25%) Advanced Micro Devices NASDAQ:AMD $14.64 up $0.09 (0.62%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $108.38 down $0.55 (-0.50%) Mobileye NYSE:MBLY $61.25 down $0.15 (-0.24%) Read More Why Long-Term Investors Should Prefer NVIDIA Over Intel Will Intel Profit From Self-Driving Cars? Intel Corporation’s Exciting Plan to Chop Up Future Chips Intel's Data Center Monopoly Is Coming to an End Here's Why Intel Corporation Is Putting in More Modem Capacity Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Yes, Intel Corp. Is Moving in a New Direction @themotleyfool #stocks $INTC, $AMD, $NVDA, $MBLY
REGISTER | LOGIN PROFILE | LOGOUT Sign Up / Sign In {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In Welcome Back {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Use another account Registration Please confirm the information below before signing in. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* displayName *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* addressCountry *} {* companyName *} {* eetimesJobfunction *} {* jobFunctionOther *} {* eetimesIndustry *} {* industryOther *} {* optInRegistration *} {* optAgree *} {* optShare *} {* siteName *} {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank You for Registering Please wait you will be redirected shortly. Create New Password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create New Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below, and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Sign in Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Sign in Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email below, and we'll send you another email. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close About Us Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: Police Report Untangles Uber Crash Mystery NEWS & ANALYSIS: Q'comm Names CTO, Girds for NXP Influx NEWS & ANALYSIS: MaxLinear to Buy Exar for $700 Million NEWS & ANALYSIS: Intel Unveils 10, 22nm Processes BLOG: Uber Crash Exposes V2X Politics NEWS & ANALYSIS: Patent Trolls Plague Chip Vendors News & Analysis Intel Shows Life Beyond CMOS R. Colin Johnson 4/3/2017 01:20 PM EDT 1 Comment NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet PORTLAND, Ore. ‐Intel described more than a dozen technologies to transcend the limitations of CMOS it is developing in conjunction with universities and the Semiconductor Research Corp. industry consortium at the International Symposium on Physical Design (ISPD 2017) here last month. Intel's ultimate goal is to achieve significantly lower energy per operation for computation while utilizing the same fabs. Ian Young, Intel "We are looking beyond CMOS logic and computation methods to discover how to do it differently," said Ian Young, a senior fellow in with Intel's Technology Manufacturing Group and director of exploratory integrated circuits in components research. "We want to lower the power supply voltage well below 0.5V, but the 60mV per decade sub-threshold swing of the MOSFET limits us from doing this for CMOS logic." The hitch is that no matter which new technology is adopted, it must be integrated with the existing CMOS process because some CMOS transistors will be needed for the clocking and I/O analog circuits. Never fear, however. According to Young, there are around a dozen different ideas being researched to use the same fabs while achieving significantly lower supply voltages. Currently there are four ways of encoding digital data, from left to right (bottom), charge, electric dipole (spin), magnetic spin and orbital state. SOURCE: Intel. Click here for larger image “Intel has been benchmarking delay and energy per logic operation for all the beyond CMOS devices, in order to speed up the progress. We are also doing a deep dive into spintronic logic devices," said Young. "How they operate, modeling their behavior and understanding how they could achieve lower turn-on voltages than CMOS and even tunneling FETs." Intel is exploring different types of spintronic technology to beat CMOS in power-performance such as all-spin, magneto-electric and spin orbit coupling logic devices. While it is not picking the best approach yet, many innovative and practical technologies are being discovered. Over a dozen different ways being explored by Intel to use existing fabs while going beyond the limitations of CMOS. SOURCE: Intel. Click here for larger image Young also recently became the editor-in-chief of a new technical journal called the IEEE Journal of Exploratory Solid-Site Computational Devices and Circuits, which explores these new CMOS-fab compatible processes. — R. Colin Johnson, Advanced Technology Editor, EE Times Related articles: Intel to Acquire Deep Learning Nervana Intel Plans A Future of CMOS Intel Xeon Phi Solos Intel's Xeon Tackles Real Time Intel's Xeon E5 in the Clouds -30- Email This Print Comment More Related Links Intel Unveils 10, 22nm Processes EDA Sales Jump Most in Five Years Roadmap Says CMOS Ends ~2024 Asian Tech Investment in U.S. May Rise TSMC Tips 7+, 12, 22nm Nodes Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank Rookie Pending Review xmodgamesapp   4/4/2017 1:18:31 AM 1 saves Login to Rate This comment is waiting for review by our moderators. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 4/3/2017 6:27:47 PM lcovey Same thing happened to Wolfson Microelectronics. We warned them that Apple was moving in a new direction back in 2005 and they told us to keep putting out press releases and not... 4/3/2017 6:27:47 PM lcovey Same thing happened to Wolfson Microelectronics. We warned them that Apple was moving in a new direction back in 2005 and they told us to keep putting out press releases and not... 4/3/2017 5:25:27 PM Rick_Hille One thing not mentioned is something I encounter every day.  Many cities have rules about not blocking intersections.  In crawling traffic, most drivers will stop or... 4/3/2017 5:03:04 PM David Ashton 'You thought I was joking when I said "Bring an umbrella" didn't you??' 4/3/2017 5:00:50 PM David Ashton Sam's talk on the theory of the grid-leak detector seemed to go on forever... 4/3/2017 4:57:14 PM David Ashton "And that, my friends, is how leaky feeders work.  Any questions?" 4/3/2017 4:56:16 PM David Ashton "You really thought you were going to have to sit through a presentation in this weather?  April Fools!! OK, go back inside and get some coffee!" 4/3/2017 4:54:51 PM David Ashton  Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays this presenter from the swift completion of his appointed rounds. 4/3/2017 3:56:08 PM dt_hayden Every time the boss pulled the same prank when discussing his Waterfall Chart, Biff wanted to introduce him to his Flying Bricks Chart. 4/3/2017 3:11:32 PM Doug_S Qualcomm giving first access to the 835 makes perfect sense when you consider Samsung is giving it first volume access to Samsung's 10nm fab process. Tit for tat. Navigate to Related Links Intel Unveils 10, 22nm Processes EDA Sales Jump Most in Five Years Roadmap Says CMOS Ends ~2024 Asian Tech Investment in U.S. May Rise TSMC Tips 7+, 12, 22nm Nodes Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest April 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "April showers" "Your caption here!" 11 comments All Cartoons March 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "Beware the Ides..." "Your caption here!" 97 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  70   Is 60 Really the New 40 or Am I Being ...  51   What the English Say versus What the ...  49   What's a Good Name for a Future Engineer?  47   Evolution of Microcomputers: Personal ...  46   Are Kids No Longer Learning Multiplication ...  26   Why 'Toyota's Killer Firmware' May Not ...  25   Police Report Untangles Uber Crash Mystery  25   What's This Screeching Sound & Why Does it ...  24   The (Electronic) Pencil is Mightier than ...  24   Intel Unveils 10, 22nm Processes  25   Police Report Untangles Uber Crash Mystery  24   Intel Unveils 10, 22nm Processes  7   Uber Crash Exposes V2X Politics  4   Welcome to the Age of Continuous Innovation  4   S8 Displays Smartphones Scale  2   Apple Drops Imagination  2   Semiconductor Outlook Lifted on Surging ...  1   Chip Industry Outlines Post-CMOS Research ...  1   Analog Devices Buys Broadband Amplifier Vendor  1   Toshiba Shareholders OK Chip Unit Sale as ... Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" ASPENCORE NETWORK EBN | EDN | EE Times | EEWeb | Electronic Products | Electronics-Tutorials | Embedded | Planet Analog | ElectroSchematics | Power Electronics News | TechOnline | Datasheets.com | Embedded Control Europe | Embedded Know How | Embedded News | IOT Design Zone | Motor Control Design | Electronics Know How | GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia | EE Times China | EE Times India | EE Times Japan | EE Times Taiwan | EDN Asia | EDN China | EDN Taiwan | EDN Japan | ESM China | Working With Us: About | Contact Us | Media Kits Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2017 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 6 New Free Gmail Extensions for Chrome You Need to Install Internet Browsers 6 New Free Gmail Extensions for Chrome You Need to Install Mihir Patkar You Should Probably Stop Using LastPass Temporarily Tech News Internet You Should Probably Stop Using LastPass Temporarily Dave Parrack Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Chromebook vs. Chromebox vs. Chromebit: Which Is Right For You? Linux Technology Explained Chromebook vs. Chromebox vs. Chromebit: Which Is Right For You? Dan Price April 3, 2017 03-04-2017 6 minutes Chromebook vs. Chromebox vs. Chromebit: Which Is Right For You? Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Google Chromebooks are one of the tech world’s most under-appreciated pieces of equipment. With a boot time of fewer than five seconds, the power of the Chrome Web Store and Google Play Store to keep you productive, and an affordable price tag, they are one of the best computers on the market for performing day-to-day tasks. But if you thought Chromebooks were under-appreciated, what about Chromeboxes and Chromebits? How many of you have even heard of a Chromebit? If you’re looking for a new Chrome OS device, which one should you buy? What are the strengths and weakness of the three types of device? 1. Chromebook Chromebooks need the least explaining. They’re the most common Chrome OS device and the one you’re most likely to see other people using when you’re out and about. In short, they’re a laptop. Lots of different manufacturers make them, they have a variety of specifications, and they are available at a number of price points. Where Chromebooks Excel Chromebooks have great specs for their price. Yes, the Chromebook Pixel for more than $600 is excessive, but the Acer Chromebook R11 ($169) is a steal. It comes with a 360-degree hinge, touchscreen support, a 2.16 GHz Intel processor, and a 1366 x 768 screen resolution. Acer Chromebook CB3-131-C3SZ 11.6-Inch Laptop (Intel Celeron N2840 Dual-Core Processor,2 GB RAM,16 GB Solid State Drive,Chrome), White Acer Chromebook CB3-131-C3SZ 11.6-Inch Laptop (Intel Celeron N2840 Dual-Core Processor,2 GB RAM,16 GB Solid State Drive,Chrome), White Intel Celeron N2840 2.16 GHz Buy Now At Amazon $179.00 The Google laptops are also incredibly secure Securing Your Chromebook With Two Easy Tweaks Securing Your Chromebook With Two Easy Tweaks One of the most touted benefits of a Chromebook is its security. But are there any steps that owners can take that will improve and enhance the current level of protection? Read More . They offer automatic updates, sandboxed browsing, verified boot, and localized data encryption — all of which combine to make them almost bulletproof with regards to viruses and malware. Lastly, Chromebooks are excellent for people who struggle with technology. For example, the elderly might find Chromebooks 5 Reasons Chromebooks are the Perfect Computer For an Elderly Person 5 Reasons Chromebooks are the Perfect Computer For an Elderly Person It's your granddad's birthday — but what should you buy him? You could get him socks (again), some gardening equipment, or perhaps a large bottle of whisky… Or you could buy him a Chromebook. Read More offer them a wonderful way to get online without the complexities of a Windows or Mac machine. Where Chromebooks Fall Short People often criticize Chromebooks Chromebooks Don't Work Offline? Debunking the Myths Chromebooks Don't Work Offline? Debunking the Myths One of the biggest criticisms aimed at Google's Chromebooks is that they are online-only machines – ergo, no Internet, no point. How true is this statement? Read More for their meager app line-up. Of course, it’s not really meager at all, there are thousands of extensions in the Chrome Web Store, most modern Chromebook models can run Android apps, and if you’re technically skilled, you can even install Linux How to Install Linux on a Chromebook How to Install Linux on a Chromebook Do you need Skype on your Chromebook? Do you miss not having access to games through Steam? Are you pining to use VLC Media Player? Then start using Linux on your Chromebook. Read More . However, if you need high-end software — such as specialist apps like Photoshop or video editing suites — you will find Chromebooks lacking. Of course, the other Chrome OS devices I’m going to discuss also have the same drawbacks, but the difference is Chromebooks are selling themselves as a laptop; Chromeboxes and Chromebits are not in the targeting the same group of users. Who should buy a Chromebook? The technologically challenged; people who want a second laptop for light computing; people who only use the suite of Google apps; schools for in-class education. 2. Chromebox Let’s move onto the two devices people are less knowledgeable about. First up, Chromeboxes. Chromeboxes first became available in 2012, more than a year and a half after their cousin, Chromebooks. They are best described as a desktop version of Chrome OS. What Are the Specs Like? Like Chromebooks, several manufacturers make them. It means there’s no easy answer to the question what ports are available or what hardware specs you can expect. As a rule, you can expect at least two USB 3.0 ports and an HDMI port. Several models add more USB ports, an audio out jack, Bluetooth support, and an Ethernet port for wired web connectivity. Most Chromeboxes ship with 2 GB of RAM and 16 GB of storage, but 4 GB and 32 GB models are available for a bit more money. If you’re adept at electronics, most 2 GB models have space for more self-added RAM. Unfortunately, the majority of models won’t let you swap the graphics card or add extra ports. ASUS CHROMEBOX-M004U Desktop ASUS CHROMEBOX-M004U Desktop 1.4 GHz Intel Celeron 2955U Processor Buy Now At Amazon $158.99 However, don’t let the 2 GB of RAM put you off. While it might be limiting on a Windows or Mac machine, it’s plenty for Chromebooks. 4 GB offers no practical benefits for most users. A Celeron processor is standard, but depending how much you’re willing to spend, you can find models with Intel Core i3, i5, or even i7 processors. What Are the Drawbacks? Even though they are essentially the desktop version of the Chrome OS, they are nothing like a traditional desktop computer you might buy in a shop. They have no screen and they come with no peripherals like a mouse or keyboard. All you get in the box is the device, a power lead, and a manual. Furthermore, there’s no disk drive. Of course, you wouldn’t be able to install software anyway (unless it was Linux compatible and you’d installed a Linux distro on your Chromebox), but the lack of disk drive makes it an unsuitable main desktop machine for anyone who watches a lot of DVDs or listens to CDs. Lastly, it might seem appealing if you want a portable device, but remember, it still needs a power supply. If you want something truly portable and independent, keep reading to find out about Chromebits. Who should buy a Chromebox? People who want a Chromebook experience on a large screen; businesses who need a cheap signage driver. 3. Chromebit The final Chrome OS device is a Chromebit. It’s arguably the least well-known of the three gadgets. What Is a Chromebit? It’s a stick PC Thinking of Buying a Chromecast? Buy a Stick PC Instead Thinking of Buying a Chromecast? Buy a Stick PC Instead The Chromecast is a wonderful little gadget. However, it has some issues that could mean it's not the right choice for you. True geeks should consider buying a stick PC instead. Read More , and Google’s answer to the Intel Compute Buying an Intel Compute Stick? 7 Pros and Cons You Must Know Buying an Intel Compute Stick? 7 Pros and Cons You Must Know The Intel Compute Stick wants to be a truly portable PC in your pocket. Read More . It doesn’t need a power supply — you just plug it into an HDMI port on your TV and you’ll have Chrome OS on your screen in seconds. What Are Chromebit’s Advantages? Chromebits have two significant advantages over the other Chrome OS devices. First, they’re cheap. The Asus CS10 is only $78.99 on Amazon. It comes with Bluetooth 4.0, 16 GB of flash storage, and a USB 2.0 port. Second, they’re extremely portable. Its ability to run off a USB power supply means you can plug-and-play it into most modern displays. If you want to take a presentation with you to a meeting, carry a full version of the Chrome OS to your school or college, or need an easy-to-use operating system in a hotel, Chromebits are your best bet. ASUS CHROMEBIT CS10 Stick-Desktop PC with RockChip 3288-C 2 GB LPDDR3L 16 GB eMMC Google Chrome OS ASUS CHROMEBIT CS10 Stick-Desktop PC with RockChip 3288-C 2 GB LPDDR3L 16 GB eMMC Google Chrome OS Smallest Chrome OS device, turn any HDMI display into a computer Buy Now At Amazon $91.73 It also the smallest of the three options. The small black dongle is a similar size to a Roku stick and on most TVs will be invisible when looking directly at the screen. But Chromebits Aren’t for Everyone The cost and portability comes at a price. They’re considerably less powerful than fully-fledged Chromebooks and Chromeboxes. The biggest drawback is the device’s power. Chromebit has a 1.8 GHz Rockchip processor which, while impressive for the size of the device, significantly lacks behind the other two devices. Yes, it’s more than adequate for basic web browsing, but if you want to use some of the Chrome Web Store’s more complex and power-hungry apps, it will start to struggle. You might even find some tabs are discarded without your input to make room for the resource-intensive processes. Chromebits are also unsuitable for tinkerers. They have an ARM processor so everything is soldered down, and they’re only available in one configuration with no room for extra RAM or ports. Who should buy a Chromebit? People who want an exceptionally portable version of the Chrome OS and don’t require heavy-duty computing. All the Same, Yet All Different Functionally, Chromebooks, Chromeboxes, and Chromebits are all the same. They all run Chrome OS, they all have the same OS-level restrictions, they all have access to the same app store, and they all work the same way. The distinctions between them can be made in two key areas: hardware and usage. Ultimately, the device you should buy How to Pick and Buy the Perfect Chromebook How to Pick and Buy the Perfect Chromebook Allow us to help you pick the right Chromebook for your needs. Read More depends on how you plan to use it. I hope my introduction to the three gadgets will help you make the decision. Which of the three Chrome OS devices do you have? What do you love about them? What do you hate about it? As always, you can leave your thoughts, opinions, and feedback in the comments below. Image Credit: MicroOne via Shutterstock.com Previous Post4 Methods To Clone Your Linux Hard DriveNext PostMiracast: The Chromecast Alternative You Didn’t Know About 3 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tyler April 4, 2017 at 12:08 am You forgot Chromebases. Reply Warren April 3, 2017 at 11:21 pm I love my chromebox but not the chrome os. I dropped a Linux distro on it and updated the SSD and it is lightening fast and works great with the Linux distro. I will never go back to Windows or a huge computer. CD drives are on their way out but USB and SD devices can be used as an alternative to CD drives. Reply Jeff Carew April 3, 2017 at 11:06 pm I have a chromebit. It requires power...Is there a newer version? Reply Dan Price 366 articles Dan is a British expat living in Mexico. He is currently the Creative Editor for MakeUseOf and was formerly the Finance Editor. Prior to his writing career he was a Financial Consultant. He holds various certifications from the University of Leeds, the University of Cambridge, and the Chartered Insurance Institute.… Advertisement Latest Giveaways Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Aerix Vidius HD Budget FPV/VR Streaming Drone Aerix Vidius HD Budget FPV/VR Streaming Drone ILIFE A6 Robot Vacuum Review (and Giveaway) ILIFE A6 Robot Vacuum Review (and Giveaway) Advertisement Trending 6 New Free Gmail Extensions for Chrome You Need to Install Internet Browsers 6 New Free Gmail Extensions for Chrome You Need to… If You Have These Skills, No Robot Will Ever Take Your Job Self Improvement Internet If You Have These Skills, No Robot Will Ever Take… You Should Probably Stop Using LastPass Temporarily Tech News Internet You Should Probably Stop Using LastPass Temporarily Advertisement Related Articles DIY Smart Lock and Key With Arduino and RFID DIY DIY Smart Lock and Key With Arduino and RFID FOR SALE: Your Browsing History — So What Can You Do? Security FOR SALE: Your Browsing History — So What Can You Do? You Must Keep These Windows Apps Updated at All Times Windows Security You Must Keep These Windows Apps Updated at All Times Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Intel Corporation Plans to Move Networking Chips to 14-Nano Tech in 2018 Intel plans to move this product family to internal manufacturing, continuing a recent trend of Intel building more of the chips that it sells in-house. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Apr 3, 2017 at 12:30PM At Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) Technology and Manufacturing Day, the company disclosed that it plans to move several products over to its 14-nanometer chip-manufacturing technology over the next year. One of those product categories, Intel says, is its networking chips. Image source: Intel. At first, this might seem a little bit confusing. After all, today Intel sells Xeon D processors -- built using the company's 14-nanometer technology -- targeted at the networking market. Additionally, Intel recently announced its Denverton family of Atom-based system-on-a-chip products targeted at both dense servers and the low-end network appliance market. So if Intel is already selling 14-nanometer-based chips into the networking market today, then why is the company telling the public that it plans to shift over its networking chip portfolio to 14-nanometer technology in 2018? Not those networking chips! The chips mentioned above are chips used as processors within network appliances -- think of, for example, routers. The networking chips that I believe Intel is referring to here are chips such as Ethernet controllers, Ethernet switches, and so on. In other words, these are the networking chips that aren't network processors. Today, Intel's best networking chips -- like its FM10840 Ethernet controller -- are manufactured in 28-nanometer chip technology. Intel, of course, doesn't have an internal 28-nanometer technology, which means that the company is having third parties (likely Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company) manufacture them. It's these products that Intel is likely planning to manufacture internally. Why move these chips internally? There are several reasons that Intel would want to land these networking chips on its own manufacturing technology. For one, Intel has big, expensive factories that it would like to keep filled with as much chip volume as possible. These networking chips don't sell in huge quantities, but they tend to be large, complex products and could be effective in helping to keep the company's last-generation chip manufacturing plants busy. Beyond helping to fill factories and potentially reduce Intel's manufacturing costs relative to the cost of using external manufacturing, there are likely to be technical benefits to using internal technology, too. For example, Intel talks a lot about how its 14-nanometer technology is denser and higher-performing than competing 14/16-nanometer manufacturing technologies. If those claims hold up in the real world, then Intel could potentially reap product performance and/or power efficiency advantages by using its own manufacturing tech rather than using third-party technologies. To the extent that Intel can utilize any manufacturing advantages to build better products than it could have otherwise, it could improve its competitive positioning in this market, which might ultimately help the chipmaker gain market share. Foolish takeaway Intel is slowly but surely migrating products that it had previously manufactured elsewhere into its own manufacturing facilities. Considering that Intel wants to be able to keep its chip-manufacturing plant utilization high, this is a pretty sensible and straightforward move. Intel moving its networking products internally isn't a game changer, but the fundamental trend of Intel finally moving chips that were previously manufactured externally to internal manufacturing is a positive one.  Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Apr 3, 2017 at 12:30PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.16 up $0.09 (0.25%) Read More Why Long-Term Investors Should Prefer NVIDIA Over Intel Will Intel Profit From Self-Driving Cars? Intel Corporation’s Exciting Plan to Chop Up Future Chips Intel's Data Center Monopoly Is Coming to an End Here's Why Intel Corporation Is Putting in More Modem Capacity Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Intel Corporation Plans to Move Networking Chips to 14-Nano Tech in 2018 @themotleyfool #stocks $INTC
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:02 GMT +304 April 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Michael Flynn's Lobbying for Turkey Adding Fuel to the Fire © REUTERS/ Carlos Barria Politics 18:09 03.04.2017Get short URL 2137740 Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn was forced to leave Trump's team due to his alleged ties with Russia, but this was only half the problem given his lobbying for Turkey, Russian academic Gevorg Mirzayan wrote in an op-ed for RIA Novosti. Flynn Intel Group received over $500,000 for three months of work on behalf of a Dutch firm with ties to Ankara. © Sputnik/ Sergey Pyatakov Russian Ambassador, Flynn Did Not Discuss Lifting Anti-Russian Sanctions - Kremlin SpokesmanMike Flynn's failure to initially disclose connections to Russian companies was only part of the reason Donald Trump's former national security adviser lasted less than a month into the new US President's term in office, Gevorg Mirzayan, an associate professor of the Financial University under the Government of the Russian Federation, noted. As for Flynn's ties with Moscow, the whole story turned out to be "fictitious," the academic pointed out. Contrary to the expectations of Flynn's "haters," the disclosure of payments for three speeches that he made to Russian companies didn't confirm earlier claims that the Trump team could have had connections with Russia or Russian secret services. "Fees for public speeches and even for books (which no one reads) are received by many retired American politicians and officials — and they amount not just to tens of thousands of dollars, like Flynn's, but to hundreds of thousands and even millions of dollars," Mirzayan remarked. The real problem is in Flynn's ties with Turkey, the academic pointed out. "The Turkish government paid Flynn almost 500 thousand dollars, and not for speeches, but for lobbying services. In particular, for participating in the campaign against Fethullah Gulen — a Turkish preacher living in the US, the enemy of [Turkish President Recep Tayyip] Erdogan," the academic highlighted. © REUTERS/ Carlos Barria/File Photo White House Not Concerned Flynn Has Damaging Info on Trump in Russia ProbeCovering the issue, Chuck Ross of the Daily Caller wrote that on March 7 Flynn disclosed "that his firm, Flynn Intel Group, was paid $530,000 for three months of work on behalf of a small Dutch company [Inovo BV] operated by a Turkish businessman with close ties to Ankara." He also called attention to the fact that on November 8, 2016, Flynn published a pro-Turkey editorial in The Hill, a newspaper which focuses on Capitol Hill and US lawmaking, entitled "Our ally Turkey is in crisis and needs our support." In his op-ed, Flynn criticized the Obama administration for supporting Fethullah Gulen, whom Ankara regards as a mastermind behind the attempted coup in Turkey in July 2016. "Gulen portrays himself as a moderate, but he is in fact a radical Islamist. He has publicly boasted about his 'soldiers' waiting for his orders to do whatever he directs them to do. If he were in reality a moderate, he would not be in exile, nor would he excite the animus of Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and his government," Flynn argued. © AP Photo/ Carolyn Kaster US Senate Intel Committee Rejects Flynn's Request for Immunity in Exchange for Testimony - ReportsMirzayan noted that there would be nothing wrong in Flynn's expressing his opinion if he wasn't lobbying for the Turkish interests while remaining Trump's aide. The question arises whether or not Trump's team knew it. While the White House signaled on March 10 that President Donald Trump didn't know that Flynn had been working as a representative for Turkey, Flynn's attorneys said that they informed Trump's transition team before the inauguration that he might need to register as a foreign agent. Citing an unclassified Department of Justice (DOJ) document dated January 27, 2017 Ross wrote that Flynn was first contacted by the DOJ's National Security Division on November 30, 2016. "In light of that editorial and reports in the media about potential ties between Lt. Gen. Flynn and others who might be acting on behalf of the government of Turkey, on November 30, NSD (National Security Division) requested additional information from Lt. Gen. Flynn and his firm, Flynn Intel Group Inc.," the unclassified document read, as quoted by Ross. The journalist specified that Flynn registered as a foreign agent under the Foreign Agent Registration Act (FARA) in early March, 2017. According to Mirzayan, if Donald Trump really knew that Flynn had been lobbying for Turkey while being his aide, it will give the President's opponents seeking Trump's impeachment yet another "trump card." In his article for Fortune, Andrew Kent, a professor of law at Fordham University School of Law in New York City, stressed that "the FBI and Department of Justice prosecutors should look very closely at whether Flynn violated FARA or other federal criminal statutes in his work for Turkey." Meanwhile, facing a dilemma, Flynn sent a request to the Senate Intelligence Committee and the FBI signaling that he would testify on the "Russia investigation" in exchange for immunity. However, citing a senior congressional source, NBC News reported Friday that immunity for Flynn is "not on the table," and that his request was denied. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 40 Related: US Congress Should Not Grant Immunity to Flynn in Russia Probe - Congressman How Ex-Advisor Flynn Can Strike Back at Trump Administration Trump Backs Flynn in Asking for Immunity in 'Witch Hunt' Probe Into Russia Ties Flynn Offers to Testify on Trump Team's Alleged Ties With Russia Under Immunity US House Oversight Committee Asks Gov't Entities to Provide Flynn Documents Tags: lobbying, Foreign Agent Registration Act (FARA), Department of Justice, Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, Fethullah Gulen, Donald Trump, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey, United States, Russia TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply jas 18:56 03.04.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Search Sputnik for recent news on "Susan Rice" and you don't get a hit because the progressive conspirators at Sputnik are part of the CNN game, part of the DNC, globalist media. But Susan Rice is revealed as someone who may have committed felonies in releasing classified information for political purposes, on behalf of her political party. Sputnik will not hesitate to post Bloomberg lies about the wars and Russia, but is very quiet about breaking news on Susan Rice. People with a voice are finally asking questions about Obama preparing for sedition against Trump. It's all documented and much of it occurred in Obama's final weeks in office. Somebody has to go to jail for this. But what is Sputnik posting? Political hit pieces (on behalf of the DNC) on Trump and the GOP. It's a shame. www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2017-04-03/top-obama-adviser-sought-names-of-trump-associates-in-int www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/apr/3/susan-rice-ordered-unmasking-trump-team-intel-bloo www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-04-03/report-mike-cernovich-reveals-natl-security-advisor-susan-rice-res twitter.com/PrisonPlanet/status/848912510807945217 Reply marcanhalt 19:20 03.04.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Michael Flynn may be the greatest shell game to come out of Washington. Erdogan is a loose cannon and outside of Putin, no one has been able to tie him down. More than Putin wants to hold him responsible for his actions and his grandiose machinations. And where Putin used force, by means of Russian sanctions to bring him back in line, it may be that Trump will use wine and cheese. Let's face it, every two-bit hustler like Erdogan and Poroshencko wants to be recognized before Congress. What better way to get him there, for all the world to see, than by baiting him, or, in this case, by baiting him closer to where he can be controlled? If not, it is still a smart move. Don Corleone said to keep your friends closer, but keep your enemies closer.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:52Japanese Authorities Approve Security Plans for 2020 Olympic Games 09:49Malaysia Asks India to Sign Up Quick on RCEP, Signs 31 Pacts Worth $36 Billion 09:48Syria to Respond to 'Terrorist Supporter' Israel's Aggression - Ambassador 09:35No Inquiry From Russia on Likely Kyrgyz Native's Role in St. Petersburg Bombing 09:27South Korea Conducts Large-Scale Artillery Exercises - Defense MinistryAll news Blast Hits Saint Petersburg Metro 23107 Sonic Shield: Unique Device Renders Russian Navy Invisible to Torpedoes 9270 Gold Bugs: Why Russia is Stacking Bullion Bricks Like There's No Tomorrow 9065 Cold Turkey: US Secretary of State Fails to See Eye to Eye With Erdogan 8846 News Corp. VP Accuses Putin of Plotting St. Pete Explosions, Killing Ambassador 8068All news News Corp. VP Accuses Putin of Plotting St. Pete Explosions, Killing Ambassador 80 US to Keep Pressuring Russia, Iran to Bring Assad to Justice - Ambassador to UN 58 Blast Hits Saint Petersburg Metro 53 Former National Security Adviser Susan Rice Behind Unmasking of Trump Team 47 ‘World Should Be Ready’ for North Korea Nuclear Attack on US, Says Defector 46All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics International Pillow Fight Day: Feathered Fun Around the World Diagnosis Long Overdue Death From the Sky: The US Air Force's Mistaken Airstrikes News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe technology leadership magazine most innovative companies most creative people video news all stories FastCoDesignFastCoExistFastCoCreateFastCoStudiosCollections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly nfluential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways.Current Issue Current IssueSUBSCRIBE Follow Fast CompanyWe Will Come To You 5 minute Read Why Intel Insists Rumors Of The Demise Of Moore’s Law Are Greatly Exaggerated With new tech like AI and self-driving cars on the horizon, the chipmaker expects many more summits to mount in microprocessor innovation. [Photo: Flickr user the 3B’s] By Jared Newman04.03.17 | 12:00 pm For Intel, it was an important announcement: Moore’s law is not dead. Before a gaggle of tech writers and analysts, company officials last week displayed charts and illustrations showing how transistor density on an integrated circuit continues to double every two years—consistent with a prediction made more than five decades ago by Intel cofounder Gordon Moore. The intended message: Intel hasn’t lost its zeal for big leaps in computing, even as it changes the way it introduces new chips, and branches beyond the PC processor into other areas like computer vision and the internet of things. “Number one, too many people have been writing about the end of Moore’s law, and we have to correct that misimpression,” Mark Bohr, Intel’s technology and manufacturing group senior fellow and director of process architecture and integration, says in an interview. “And number two, Intel has developed some pretty compelling technologies … that not only prove that Moore’s law is still alive, but that it’s going to continue to provide the best benefits of density, cost performance, and power.” But while Moore’s law soldiers on, it’s no longer associated with the types of performance gains Intel was making 10 to 20 years ago. The practical benefits of Moore’s law are not what they used to be. Slower steps, bigger leaps For each new generation of microprocessor, Intel used to adhere to a two-step cycle, called the “tick-tock.” The “tick” is where Moore’s law takes effect, using a new manufacturing process to shrink the size of each transistor and pack more of them onto a chip. The subsequent “tock” introduces a new microarchitecture, which yields further performance improvements by optimizing how the chip carries out instructions. Intel would typically go through this cycle once every two years. But in recent years, shrinking the size of transistors has become more challenging, and in 2016, Intel made a major change. The latest 14 nm process added a third “optimization” step after the architectural change, with modest performance improvements and new features such as 4K HDR video support. And in January, Intel said it would add a fourth optimization step, stretching the cycle out even further. The move to a 10 nm process won’t happen until the second half of 2017, three years after the last “tick,” and Intel expects the new four-step process to repeat itself. This “hyper scaling” allows computing power to continue to increase while needing fewer changes in the manufacturing process. If you divide the number of transistors in Intel’s current tick by the surface area of two common logic cells, the rate of improvement still equals out to more than double every two years, keeping Moore’s law on track. Intel is making larger, but less frequent, improvements. “Yes, they’ve taken longer, but we’ve taken bigger steps,” Bohr said during his three-hour presentation. Why didn’t anyone draw this seemingly obvious conclusion sooner? Intel says its competitors in the semiconductor fabrication business have been muddying the waters, either using metrics that can’t be quantified, or moving to new manufacturing processes despite smaller gains in transistor size. With the metric Intel is now using, the company estimates that competitors are about three years behind in transistor density. And while chip makers do have a tendency to favor metrics that look flattering, Bohr says its methodology has been proposed by others in the industry before, and it can be verified by third parties. “If company A doesn’t want to report their density using that metric, other companies, including a company that does reverse-engineering reports, can easily do the necessary measurements and report on that number,” Bohr says. Gartner analyst Sam Wang agrees that Intel is being fair in its methodology, though he’s not sure whether the rest of the industry will follow along. He says it’s up to the media and analysts to popularize the measurement Intel is pushing. “If all foundries agree to adopt this method, that would be a great comparison,” he says. Moore’s Law in the real world Despite the continued advancement of Moore’s law, the reality is that Intel’s processors aren’t making the performance leaps that they used to, and that was true even before the end of the tick-tock cycle. This chart from Elsevier is illustrative, showing that around 2003, processor performance gains dropped from 52% per year to 22% per year. Intel’s current 7th-generation Core i7 processor is a 15% improvement over the previous generation, and the upcoming 8th-generation Core i7 is expected to be similar. Intel CPU performance over past, current, and future generations But while the 1990s and early aughts were a period of rapid growth in processing power due to innovations in process technology and microarchitecture, Moore’s law in itself does not weigh in on any particular performance improvement. “Just to go back to the original papers by Gordon Moore, his prediction was that transistor density would double every two years. He didn’t make any statement about performance,” Bohr says. Still, aren’t more powerful processors the point of this whole exercise? Not exactly. The real benefit of Moore’s law is to drive down the cost per transistor at a consistent rate. This does allow Intel to improve performance by adding more transistors as a way of improving performance, but it also just decreases the cost to produce new products. While Intel doesn’t disclose its exact cost per transistor, the company points out that cost declines are the same now as they were under the tick-tock cycle. And yes, there’s a graph to prove it. Intel says cost per transistor is on a steady decline. For present-day Intel, the main benefits of Moore’s law are probably more attractive than the incidental performance gains of 20 years ago. Amid up-and-down PC sales, Intel has been moving into other businesses, such as wearables and other small-scale connected products, and wants to take on Nvidia in AI for self-driving cars. Last year, the company also made a deal with ARM–whose architecture underpins most smartphone and tablet processors–to produce new chips on Intel’s upcoming 10 nm manufacturing process. Adherence to Moore’s law, then, is no longer just about keeping Intel-powered PCs on the cutting edge. “Following Moore’s law in terms of delivering better transistor density, lower transistor costs, and improved transistor performance and power, those benefits really apply to all product lines,” Bohr says, “whether we’re talking about a server part, a client part, or a low-power mobile part.” Fast Company Daily Newsletter: Get our best stories delivered to your inbox.Sign Up I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Related Stories Technology How Veterans Turned Entrepreneurs Are Disrupting The Pentagon’s Weapons Program Technology How Google’s Code Next Lab Is Tackling Tech’s Diversity Problem Technology The Places We’ve Lost In The Facebook Era Video Why Tony Fadell Is Betting On This Idaho Lighting Startup Why Silicon Valley Should Look Beyond A College Degree When Hiring This Could Be Your Seat To Outer Space--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Women In Science Encourage Young Girls: "You Belong In The STEM Fields" African-Americans Are Hitting Movie Theaters In Record Numbers Here's What We Learned From Uber's Diversity Report Samsung Unveils Its Latest Galaxy Phone Post-Battery Disaster How You Can Build Your Confidence By Running Through The Mud The Lesson Your Startup Needs To Learn From Thinx’s PR Nightmare Trump's Wall Is Also Dividing The Architecture Community This Plane Could Fly To Europe In Under 4 Hours--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Americans Are Becoming Increasingly Unhappy, According To The Global Happiness Report How Matt Damon—And A Bunch of Balloons—Are Raising Awareness for World Water Day What John Legend Learned From Working in Consulting Hollywood Can't Win When It Comes To Race Your Next iPhone Can Now Come In Red Former Thinx CEO Miki Agrawal Revealed Her Questionable Office Behavior Last Summer Former Thinx CEO Miki Agrawal On Why Thinx Didn't Offer Period Leave How Sweetgreen Stays Competitive In A Crowded Space Of Dining Options A Microsoft Engineer Discusses Why Diversity In Tech Will Make Better Products Now You Can Literally See The Differences Between Apple And Google These Married Chefs Prove Working With Your Spouse Isn't Always A Terrible Idea Why One CEO Says It’s A Company’s Responsibility To Speak Out Politically Buzz Aldrin Wants To Take You To Mars--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Beauty And The Beast Has Had Some Wonderful (And Weird) Adaptations How This Company Could Allow You To See The World--While Juicing Why This CEO Thinks Millennials Are Socially-Conscious And Good For Businesses These AI-Powered Robot Spiders Utilize Your iPhone's Incredible Processor This New Technology Uses Your Phone To Track Your Heart Health You’ll Never Guess What The Most-Shared Story Was On Facebook In February more stories How Google’s Code Next Lab Is Tackling Tech’s Diversity Problem Your Creative Calendar: 82 Things To See, Hear, And Read This April The Vast, Secretive Face Database That Could Instantly ID You In A Crowd These Are The 5 New Samsung S8 Features That Could Make You Ditch Your iPhone Ideas Ideas This New Medical Center Is Designed To Help New Mothers Struggling With Depression Ideas How Google’s Code Next Lab Is Tackling Tech’s Diversity Problem Ideas Are Custody Laws Standing In The Way Of Gender Equity? Entertainment Entertainment Your Guide To The Sudden, Unexpected Existence of “Rick & Morty” Season 3 Entertainment Ryan Murphy Dissects Last Night’s “Holy Grail” Episode Of “Feud” Ads REI Is Taking The Fight For Gender Equality Outside Co.Design Product What Makes The Rainbow Flag Great Product Stop Killing Your Plants With This Ingenious Grow Light Interactive How Uber Uses Dark Patterns To Game Its Drivers Fast Company Ideas This New Medical Center Is Designed To Help New Mothers Struggling With Depression Technology How Veterans Turned Entrepreneurs Are Disrupting The Pentagon’s Weapons Program Ideas How Google’s Code Next Lab Is Tackling Tech’s Diversity Problem Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks Windows10 SpaceX GalaxyS8 VPN101 Menu Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ CPUs & Components/ Chipsets & Processors/ Akasa Made a Fanless Case for Intel's Skull Canyon NUC Akasa Made a Fanless Case for Intel's Skull Canyon NUC By Matthew Humphries April 3, 2017 10:35am EST 10 Comments Managing to cool a Core i7 with Iris Pro Graphics without using any fans is impressive. Intel started offering its Next Unit of Computing (NUC) small form factor computers when Sandy Bridge CPUs were still new. We're now on to the seventh generation of NUC hardware, with a move to Kaby Lake chips. The most powerful NUC released to date is the Intel Skull Canyon model, sporting a Core i7 processor with Iris Pro Graphics 580 (model NUC6i7KYK). As they are almost complete systems, it's hard for other manufacturers to offer supporting products. But one area that can be improved is the cases. NUCs ship with a cooling fan attached to the CPU which can make them rather noisy, so a range of fanless cases have appeared for different models. FanlessTech noticed over the weekend that Akasa finally revealed a fanless case for the Skull Canyon NUC called Galatico. Related Intel's Latest NUC Costs $232 Including Windows 10 Intel's Latest NUC Costs $232 Including Windows 10 Creating a case without fans that can keep a Core i7-6770HQ processor running at up to 3.5GHz (45W TDP) cool is an impressive feat. It has also resulted in a rather futuristic-looking case as the images reveal. Cooling is achieved using an aluminum case that directs the heat away from the CPU using four heat pipes. The finned sections of the case act like a heatsink and allow all generated heat to escape while the system runs in complete silence. If there's a downside to this setup, it's the size of the case (383-by-213-by-93mm) and the fact you'll need to keep it well ventilated. But that's a small price to pay for a silent Core i7 system. Akasa fanless cases for NUCs typically sell for around $100. Pricing for the Galatico is yet to be revealed, but it's likely to be significantly more expensive due to how much cooling the case had to include to cope with Skull Canyon's performance. And Skull Canyon isn't cheap on its own, costing $599 plus the cost of an SSD, RAM, and an operating system on top of that. Back to top Previous : Apple Replacing PowerVR With In-House GPU By Matthew Humphries Senior Editor Matthew is PCMag's UK-based editor and news reporter. Prior to joining the team, he spent 14 years writing and editing content on our sister site Geek.com and has covered most areas of technology, but is especially passionate about games tech. Alongside PCMag, he's a freelance video game designer. Matthew holds a BSc degree in Computer Science from Birmingham University and a Masters in Computer Games Development from Abertay University. More » More Stories by Matthew HTC Knows When You Look at Ads in VR Advertisers will only pay HTC when a user looks at an advert in a virtual reality environment. More » Apple Replacing PowerVR With In-House GPU It means future Apple devices will no longer user PowerVR GPUs, ending a long relationship with Imag... More » $10 Orange Pi Single-Board PC Includes 2G Modem The amount of functionality being added to these tiny, cheap, single-board computers is getting ridi... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Save on these special offers from Seagate & Maxtor! Maxtor OneTouch™ 4 Back up your files with a push of a button or set up the software to perform convenient automatic backups. Up to 750GB capacity stores 240,000 digital photos, or 750 hours of digital video, or 12,495 hours of digital music. FreeAgent Desktop Computers come and go. Your content should always be nearby and ready. With up to 500 GB, the FreeAgent Desktop is the best place to gather and access all of your important files. Maxtor OneTouch™ 4 Plus A safe haven for your entire working environment. Includes Maxtor SafetyDrill™ which prepares, reboots, and recovers your PC's entire internal drive contents in case of system failure or virus/spyware infection. //Discover... 12 Ridiculously Niche Smartphones Google Drive Tips You Can't Afford to Miss Oh, Internet: The Web's Best April Fools' Pranks »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: CPU News 6 Early AMD Ryzen 5 1400 review and comparison leaks by Mark Tyson on 3 April 2017, 10:01 Tags: AMD (NYSE:AMD) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qadfxh Add to My Vault: Though the AMD Ryzen 5 series of CPUs is yet to be launched, a comparative review featuring one such processor hit YouTube this weekend (on April 1st, unfortunately). The review compared a stock AMD Ryzen 5 1400 (4C/8T), and the same CPU overclocked to 3.8GHz, against an Intel Core i5 7400 (4C/4T), and an Intel Pentium G4560 (2C/4T). Reviewer Santiago Santiago uploaded gaming analysis comparisons showing the four configurations above running eight popular modern AAA games. The video presentation (embedded above) is in quad split screen and you can skip to the following index points, depending on your interest: Overclocking at 00:16 Specs at 00:41 Battlefield 1 DX12 at 01:18 ("I used NZXT cam, with afterburner the game crashed, the GPU usage isn't accurate, that's why it jumps from 0 to 100% randomly sometimes") Fallout 4 at 04:03 GTA 5 at 04:51 Hitman DX12 at 06:49 Just Cause 3 at 07:39 Assassin's Creed Unity at 08:06 The Witcher 3 at 08:57 Rise Of The Tomb Raider DX12 at 10:02 In the YouTube video description the above list is clickable to save you time. Furthermore, Santiago lists the full and complete system specs in this section. To sum up the specs, both AMD and Intel systems were equipped with 8GB DDR4 2133MHz RAM, an HIS Radeon RX 480 IceQ X2 Roaring 8GB graphics card, a 1TB HDD, and Windows 10 Pro x64. Interestingly, Santiago's choice of Intel Core i5 7400 as the main competitor for the Ryzen 5 1400 worked out quite well. The 65W Kaby Lake chip, only just introduced in January, ran neck and neck with the moderately OCed Ryzen 5 1400; sometimes better, sometimes trailing a little. Of course the dual-core Pentium was often left behind by some margin by the other challengers. Santiago also uploaded a video showing proof that he actually owns an AMD Ryzen 5 1400, which is worth a gander. With AMD working on Ryzen optimisations off its own back and alongside developers the whole Ryzen range could enjoy better performance as time marches on. As a reminder, Ashes of the Singularity got an AMD Ryzen performance update just last week, and AMD is working on a BIOS update that will boost high speed memory utilisation among other things. Related Reading 15 Intel claims its 10nm process is a "full generation ahead" of rivals Intel's 10nm transistor density is approximately double that of rivals like Samsung or TSMC. 35 Ashes of the Singularity gets AMD Ryzen performance update Tests show an impressive 31 per cent framerate uplift at 1440p, 27 per cent at 1080p. 13 Intel Xeon processor E3-1200 v6 product family becomes available Kaby Lake Xeons continue to use socket 1151, and C232 and C236 chipsets. ARM announces its flexible DynamIQ microarchitecture AMD Radeon RX 570 and RX 580 pose for the camera AMD Vega powered LiquidSky streaming servers go live AMD says that RX Vega is "just around the corner" HEXUS Forums :: 6 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by scaryjim - Mon 03 Apr 2017 11:22 … both AMD and Intel systems were equipped with 8GB DDR4 2133MHz RAM … So the Ryzen system was leaving a lot of performance in the tank by using comparatively slow memory, then… Posted by CAT-THE-FIFTH - Mon 03 Apr 2017 11:37 scaryjim So the Ryzen system was leaving a lot of performance in the tank by using comparatively slow memory, then… It was overclocked to 2666MHZ in his previous one and the Intel system was running at 2133MHZ. Intel CPUs benefit a lot from faster RAM too: http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/digitalfoundry-2016-intel-skylake-core-i5-6500-review That means in comparison the Intel system is more hobbled overall. This is also the first video he did a few days ago with a GTX1060: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DbDpMWo7XTk In that video he said he ran the RAM at 2666MHZ. Edit!! From his GTX1060 video: -8GB RAM DDr4 2133MHz running at 2666MHz with XMP (2x4GB Kingston HyperX Fury) http://amzn.to/2nYlJfP (Affiliate Link) He said his Intel motherboard was locked so was restricted to 2133MHZ. He used XMP to overclock the RAM to 2666MHZ. Edit!! He is running the RAM at 2666MHZ too in the newer video: -8GB RAM DDr4 2133MHz running at 2666MHz with XMP (2x4GB Kingston HyperX Fury) http://amzn.to/2nYlJfP (Affiliate Link) The Intel is locked to 2133MHZ due to the platform. Posted by CAT-THE-FIFTH - Mon 03 Apr 2017 12:11 Interestingly if you look at ROTTR with a GTX1060 and a RX480,the DX12 scores are not only better all-round on the RX480,but the Ryzen R5 and i5 7400 are much closer together with the R5 pushing ahead in the most CPU intensive part of the Village of the Remnants. This is replicating a lot of what other channels have been seeing regarding ROTTR on Ryzen with Nvidia cards,it seems to have less performance under DX12 relative to the Intel CPUs,but not when using an AMD card. Edit!! Any chance Hexus can use an AMD card too during their R5 testing?? Posted by The Hand - Mon 03 Apr 2017 20:12 Any chance an R5 1400 will be able to be unlocked to an 8c/16t chip? Or will the extra cores be lasered off or something? Probably wishful thinking to expect otherwise. Posted by keithwalton - Mon 03 Apr 2017 23:19 8GB of ram, have we timewarped back to 2012 ? Funny how the system has as much vram and system ram. Since amd haven't pulled the vids for breach of nda, I smell a marketing plant SEE NEWER » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Early AMD Ryzen 5 1400 review and comparison leaks 6 2 Asus ROG Strix GeForce GTX 1080 Ti OC 20 3 AMD says that RX Vega is "just around the corner" 33 4 Asus lifts lid on hybrid-cooled ROG Poseidon GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 5 5 AMD Radeon RX 570 and RX 580 pose for the camera 11 1 QOTW: What is stopping you from using a high-quality projector? 53 2 Ashes of the Singularity gets AMD Ryzen performance update 35 3 AMD says that RX Vega is "just around the corner" 33 4 In Win tòu 2.0 signature tempered glass chassis launched 31 5 Intel Optane cache drives don't play with budget Kaby Lake CPUs 27 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 SteelSeries Arctis headset line wins prestigious Red Dot Design Award 2 NEW MOTO G5 IN SAPPHIRE BLUE: Premium for all, exclusively on O2 3 Buffalo Europe announces series of unmanaged 10GbE network switches 4 ASUS Republic of Gamers Announces Latest Gaming Lineup 5 ‘Trusted Protection’ for the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ with GEAR4’s new range of D3O® cases 6 ARCTIC presents Freezer 12 and Freezer 12 CO INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 410,661 Forum posts: 2,573,435 Forum threads: 247,826 Currently active users: 689 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
Laptops Best Laptops Under $500 For Gaming For Business For College Chromebooks CPU Guide GPU Guide Tablets Best Overall Best 2-in-1s Kids' Tablets Under $200 Samsung Tablets Longest Battery Life Buying Guide Windows 10 Win 10 Review How to Upgrade Should You Wait? versus El Capitan Test Results Ultrabooks Best Ultrabooks Best Laptops Overall Best College Laptops Laptop-Tablet Hybrids Buying Guide Deals Deal-Buying Do's and Don'ts Gaming Best Gaming Laptops Sub-$1,000 Gaming Laptops VR-Ready Laptops Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptop Guide Reviews Popular Searches: Laptops Under $1,000 Tablets Under $300 News Tips Follow Us: SEARCH Laptops Tablets Windows 10 Ultrabooks Deals Gaming Reviews News Tips Best Laptops Under $500 For Gaming For Business For College Chromebooks CPU Guide GPU Guide Laptops By Brand Acer Apple ASUS Dell HP Lenovo MSI Samsung Toshiba Laptop Finder Home Reviews Laptops Alienware 17 R4 Review Alienware 17 R4 Review Andrew E. Freedman March 31, 2017 Pros / Strong gaming performance; Sharp and colorful quad-HD display; Long battery life on cheaper model; Graphics amp support; Plenty of ports Cons / Bottom gets hot while gaming; Dim display on starting model; Slower SSD than on competing laptops; Verdict / The Alienware 17 R4 offers excellent gaming performance, a comfy keyboard and an attractive design, but lower-end configurations suffer from dim screens and slow storage. Alienware 17 from $1299.00 Visit Site from Dell Home Alienware's 2017 offerings keep their classic, angular spaceship cases from last year, but much has changed on the inside. The Alienware 17 R4 (starting at $1,299; tested at $1,949 and $2,599) now packs a 7th-generation "Kaby Lake" Intel CPU and Nvidia GTX 1070 or 1080 GPUs that are perfect for virtual reality. The laptop also has Tobii eye tracking to play games with your peepers. If you can spend the money on one of its more expensive configurations, the Alienware 17 is the 17-inch mobile gaming rig to beat. Specs Design Alienware's trademark angular design is on full display with this 17-inch gaming laptop. The gunmetal-gray spaceship look hasn't changed much in the past few years: It's still aggressive and powerful, with its angles and two-toned mix of gray and black, but it's also classy and refined, with solid aluminum construction and soft-touch plastic. Still, the look is starting to get a bit tired after so many years. The lid features the Alienware logo, and lifting it reveals a black, soft-touch deck; a complete keyboard with a number pad and macro keys; a Tobii eye-tracking camera; and the 17.3-inch, 1080p display. But it's not a totally black-and-gray affair. The keyboard, touchpad, Alienware logo and light strips are on the sides of the deck and can be lit up with customizable RGBs. I preferred using solid colors, but you can change each light individually and choose some louder effects with AlienFX. At 9.6 pounds and 16.7 x 13.1 x 1.2 inches, the Alienware is slightly thicker than its competitors, and heavier than most. The Aorus X7 v6 is a sleek 16.1 x 12.2 x 1 inches and just 7.2 pounds, and the 15-inch MSI GT62 Dominator Pro is unsurprisingly smaller, at 6.4 pounds and 15.4 x 10.5 x 1.6 inches. Razer's Blade Pro is 7.8 pounds and a slighter 16.7 x 11 x 0.8 inches. Only the Asus ROG G752VS OC Edition is heavier, at a full 10 pounds, but it's similar in size, at 16.4 x 12.7 x 1.9 inches. The laptop is literally surrounded by ports, so there's plenty of room for expansion. On the right side, there's a single USB 3.0 port and some vents, while the left side is home to a Noble lock slot, a USB Type-C port, a USB 3.0 port, a microphone and headphone jacks. There's even more on the back: an Ethernet jack, a mini DisplayPort, HDMI output, a Thunderbolt 3 port, the power jack and a connection for the Alienware Graphics Amp, which lets you attach an external desktop GPU for 4K gaming and VR. Alienware 17 from $1299.00 Visit Site from Dell Home Display The Alienware 17 is available with several different 17.3-inch display panels with resolutions ranging from 1080p to 4K. The configurations we tested had the base-model 1920 x 1080 screen and the higher-end 2560 x 1440 display, the latter of which comes with Nvidia G-Sync technology. The more expensive panel is definitely worth the premium, thanks to its superior brightness and sharpness. The base-level 1080p screen is sharp and colorful, but it's not as bright or as accurate as its competitors. I played some Mass Effect: Andromeda with the brightness turned all the way up, but it still seemed a bit dark. A blue Asari was a tad purple, but I could see every pore in Sara Ryder's face. The game looked better on the 1440p G-Sync screen, where the Asari was the perfect shade of blue and the game was just as sharp. Turning the brightness all the way up was an important first step when I watched a 1080p trailer for the movie Gifted on the base screen. Once I got that sorted out, Octavia Spencer's bright-pink shirt popped against the brown pew she sits on while watching a custody trial, and Chris Evans' unruly beard was sharp on his face. When I watched the trailer again on the 1440p screen, I didn't even need to have the brightness halfway to its maximum, and all of the details were just as vivid. In our tests, the base screen and the 1440p screen covered a strong 113 percent and 114 percent of the sRGB color gamut, respectively, matching the Aorus X7 and falling just short of the 120-percent desktop-replacement average. The ROG and the Dominator Pro were within a few percentage points of the Alienware panels, but the Razer Blade Pro reproduced an astonishing 185 percent. The 1440p panel had a very strong Delta-E accuracy score of 0.5 (0 is perfect), which is even better than the category average of 1.6. However, the base model's screen scored a mediocre 4.1. The Aorus X7 and ROG were just 2 and 2.3, respectively, and the Dominator Pro was slightly less accurate (0.7). I jacked up the brightness on the 1080p display because it measured an average of 278 nits, putting it below the average of 295 nits, the Dominator Pro (301 nits) and the ROG (a radiant 476 nits). However, it was still brighter than the Aorus X7's 252 nits. The 1440p screen scored far better, though, at 340 nits, outshining the Blade Pro's 304 nits. I should note that the1440p version supports G-Sync, which syncs the GPU with the screen so that there is no tearing while gaming, and it has a 120-hertz screen. Keyboard and Touchpad The Alienware's traditionally styled keyboard (no Chiclet-style keyboards here) is nice and comfortable, with 2.3 millimeters of travel and 75 grams of force required to actuate the keys. Even though the keyboard is  set farther back on the deck than I'd like, the soft-touch plastic made it comfortable enough to type on. My only wish is that the keys popped up with more force to match how hard I was pressing them down. I reached 105 words per minute on the 10fastfingers.com typing test, which is just under my 107-wpm average, with my usual 2 percent error rate. The Nvidia GTX 1070 GPU with 8GB of VRAM packs quite a performance punch, and the GTX 1080 version of this Alienware machine is even more powerful. The 3.5 x 2.2-inch touchpad feels a bit cramped, especially with so much room on the deck, but it's accurate and has enough room for Windows 10 gestures. I could pinch and zoom on photos, scroll on the browsers and flick programs into a minimized state quickly and easily. Audio The audio on the Alienware 17 was a bit muffled. When I listened to "How Far I'll Go" from Disney's "Moana," Auli'i Cravalho's voice was crystal clear, though the drums and orchestra behind her weren't very detailed. I didn't have much luck while playing with presets in the multimedia section of the Alienware Sound Center, but I found the default gaming setup provided a much-needed boost in volume. I recommend sticking with that no matter what you're listening to. I had better luck with games. I kept the Alienware gaming default profile running as I played Mass Effect: Andromeda. I found it to be plenty loud, and characters' voices, background orchestration and intergalactic gunshots were balanced. Gaming, Graphics and VR The cheaper Alienware 17 and its Nvidia GTX 1070 GPU with 8GB of VRAM pack quite a performance punch, and the version with the GTX 1080 is even more powerful. With either configuration, you'll be able to play intense games at high settings, and even get buttery-smooth VR performance. Using the GTX 1070 model, I played Mass Effect: Andromeda on a mix of high and medium settings, and the game almost always ran at over 100 frames per second -- and often as high as 160 fps -- both in combat and conversation scenes, albeit with occasional tearing and rendering issues. I cranked all the settings up as high as they could go, and the game stayed between 70 and 80 fps while in conversations, fell to between 66 and 75 fps while exploring, and dropped to 55 fps during a heated battle. With the GTX 1080 model, I turned all of the graphics settings as high as they could go and played the game at 2560 x 1440p and 120 Hz -- the best this system could offer. The game ran at up to 98 fps during conversations, and was generally stable at 60 frames per second while exploring alien worlds. There were some drops to 50 fps during cutscenes and a shootout with the alien Kett, but it was all far above our playability threshold of 30 fps. There was no tearing because of the G-Sync screen, and it looked nice and smooth at 120 Hz. On our benchmarks, the Alienware with the GTX 1070 GPU tended to fall a few frames behind competitors, all of which also use GTX 1070 GPUs. On Hitman at 1080p, ultra settings and DirectX 12, it played at 89 fps  --  higher than the desktop-replacement average (84 fps), but below the $2,466 Aorus X7 v6 (101 fps), the $1,999 Dominator Pro (94 fps) and the $2,499 ROG G752VS (91 fps). The GTX 1080 model played the game at 110 fps, which is slightly smoother than the Blade Pro's 103 fps. The differences were less noticeable on Rise of the Tomb Raider (1080p, very high settings). The Alienware with the GTX 1070 GPU rendered the game at 50 fps, which is just below the average (53 fps) and also lower than the Aorus X7 (56 fps) and the Dominator Pro (51 fps). The more expensive model ran this benchmark at 62 fps, while the Blade Pro reached 65 fps. Of the bunch, the Alienware got the best score on the SteamVR Performance Test, so you'll have no problem playing games that support an HTC Vive or Oculus Rift. It notched a 10.9 with a GTX 1070 GPU and an 11 with the GTX 1080 GPU. The average is 9.3, while the Aorus X7, ROG and Dominator Pro all scored between 10 and 11. The Blade Pro matched the more expensive Alienware, at 11. Performance When you're not gaming, you can get some serious work done on either Alienware 17 configuration we tested. First, I tried the lower-end model, which had a 2.8-GHz Intel Core i7-7700HQ CPU, 16GB of RAM, a 128GB SSD and a 1TB HDD. With that unit, I had 40 tabs open in Google Chrome, two of which were showing off Twitch streams at high quality and never saw a hint of lag. You can expect even better performance from the other model we reviewed, which has a 2.9-GHz Intel Core i7-7820HK, 16GB of RAM, a 512GB PCIe SSD and a 1TB HDD. If you care about storage speed, get the 512GB PCIe SSD. The cheaper Alienware 17 notched a score of 14,020 on the Geekbench 4 overall performance test. That beats the desktop-replacement average (12,792) but is lower than the ROG (14,717; Intel Core i7-7820HK) and the Aorus X7 (16,411 Intel Core i7-6820HK). The more expensive Alienware 17 achieved a score of 14,154, beating out the Blade Pro (11,702). Alienware 17 from $1299.00 Visit Site from Dell Home If you care about storage speed, don't get the Alienware 17 with its base-level 128GB mSATA SSD. The configuration we tested with the 128GB SSD took a glacial 1 minute and 2 seconds to copy 4.97GB of mixed media files, for a hard-drive-like rate of 83.4 MBps. However, the higher-end Alienware 17 configuration with the 512GB PCIe SSD sped along at a reasonable 282 MBps. Both SSDs were significantly slower than the category average (480.9 MBps) and the Aorus X7 (462.7 MBps), while the Dominator Pro (628.6 MBps) and the ROG G752VS (727.04 MBps) were far faster with their PCIe SSDs. The less expensive Alienware completed our OpenOffice spreadsheet macro, which pairs 20,000 names and addresses, in 3 minutes and 21 seconds. It was quicker than the average (3:30) and the Dominator Pro (3:37), but not as speedy as the Aorus X7 (3:09) and the ROG (2:51). The pricier Alienware was the fastest (1:47), blowing away the Razer Blade Pro ( 4:06). MORE: Best Gaming Laptops (Including VR-Ready Gaming Laptops) Tobii Eye Tracking Most configurations of the Alienware 17 come with Tobii eye tracking, which consists of several infrared sensors that sit just below the display. When you activate Tobii's EyeX software, it can be used both to navigate Windows 10 and as a controller for some of your favorite games. My favorite uses for Tobii were the ones that aren't for gaming. I set the screen to dim when I walked away from the computer, saving precious battery life. I also was able to have several windows open but scroll in the one I was looking at no matter where on the screen the mouse was. Less useful was the ability to move the mouse anywhere on the screen with a look and a tap, which was a cool party trick but didn't save a ton of time. It's really cool to control a computer with your eyes. It feels like the future, even if it's not yet a must-have. Tobii currently works with 49 games, including Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands, Watch Dogs 2 and Tom Clancy's The Division. I tried it with Rise of the Tomb Raider as Lara Croft infiltrated a Soviet base. At first, I didn't feel the eye tracking doing much, but when I boosted up the sensitivity in the game's options, I could swing the camera around with my eyes (albeit not as precisely as I'm used to with a controller). Additionally, I could shoot enemies by looking at them, but it only locked on to every guard I encountered. To go for that crucial headshot, I still had to move the reticle up before pulling the trigger. As a bonus, because Tobii uses infrared technology, you can use it as a camera for Windows Hello to log in with facial recognition. It's really cool to control a computer with your eyes. It feels like the future. But the implementation in games still feels, in many ways, like a party trick, so it's not a must-have. If you don't want it, you can customize the base configuration without Tobii Eye Tracking and save $75 (see Configurations section, below). Battery Life You'll be able to game longer on a low-level Alienware 17 than on its competitors; it lasted 8 hours and 32 minutes on the Laptop Mag Battery Test, which involves continuous web surfing over Wi-Fi. That's much longer than the desktop-replacement average of 4:43, and its competitors are paltry by comparison. The ROG endured for 3:53, the Dominator Pro survived for 3:18 and the Aorus X7 petered out after 2:23.  MORE: Laptops with the Longest Battery Life The more expensive version, however, lasted just 2 hours and 45 minutes, though that's just 1 minute longer than the Razer Blade Pro. Heat Even before we started gaming, the Alienware 17 got a bit hot under the collar. After we streamed HD video from YouTube for 15 minutes, the touchpad reached 85 degrees Fahrenheit, and the center of the keyboard between the G and H keys measured 91.5 degrees. However,the bottom reached 96 degrees, and the vents climbed as high as 100 degrees. Both of the latter temperatures are above our 95-degree comfort threshold. After I played some Mass Effect: Andromeda, it got much hotter. While the center of the keyboard and the touchpad didn't change much, the bottom by the vents measured a steamy 124.5 degrees. Webcam The 1080p webcam on the Alienware 17 takes sharp photos, but they're dark. In a selfie I snapped while sitting at my desk, my face was covered in shadows. My brown sweater appeared far darker than in real life, and the light sources on the ceiling were blown out. I could make out facial features such as my dimple, but if you're streaming to Twitch, opt for an external webcam. Software and Warranty There's some useful gaming software preinstalled, but there's also some bloat. The big draw is Alienware Command Center, which lets you change the colors of the RGB lights, adjust the power plan, customize your macro keys, create custom profiles depending on the game you play and adjust settings for the graphics amplifier. The Killer Networking control center is another great tool that lets you prioritize which programs get access to your network. As for bloat, it's all the usual stuff you see baked into Windows 10: Candy Crush Soda Saga, Minecraft: Windows 10 Edition, Twitter, Facebook, Paradise Bay and Sling TV. Dell sells the Alienware 17 R4 with a one-year warranty. See how the company performed on our Tech Support Showdown and Best and Worst Brands ranking. Configurations The Alienware 17 R4 is available in a wide variety of configurations, and if you order from Dell, you can even choose the screen (1080p, 2K or 4K), storage drive(s), RAM, CPU and GPU (GTX 1070 or 1080). Whatever you buy, we recommend you avoid the disappointingly slow 128GB SSD and that you spend at least an extra $150 to configure it with a 256GB PCIe SSD or larger. It's also a good idea to step up from the dim 1080p screen. One of the two models I reviewed, the  $1,949.99  Alienware 17 R4, sports an Intel Core i7-7700HQ CPU; 16GB of RAM; an Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 GPU with 8GB of VRAM; Tobii IR eye tracking; a 1080p display; a 128GB SSD; and a 1TB, 7,200-rpm HDD. We also tested a $2,599.99 version with an Intel Core i7-7820 HK CPU; 16GB of RAM; and Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 GPU; a quad-HD G-Sync display;a 256GB PCie SSD; and a 1TB, 7,200-rpm HDD. Alienware 17 from $1299.00 Visit Site from Dell Home The $1,299.99 base model includes the Core i7-7700HQ CPU; 8GB of RAM; an Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050 Ti GPU with 2GB of VRAM; and a 1TB, 7,200-rpm HDD, but it does not have eye tracking. This model has a ton of customization options on Dell's website (you can even make the configuration I reviewed, with or without Tobii eye tracking), so it's a good place to start if you don't want the most powerful options. Bottom Line The Alienware 17 R4 offers a great combination of strong performance, comfortable typing, innovative eye tracking and an attractive design. With its lower-end components, you may also get all-day battery life and, with the optional graphics amp, you can get even stronger performance. The high-end, $2,599 configuration of the Alienware 17 R4 we tested is up there with the best 17-inch gaming laptops on the market, including the Asus ROG G752VS OC Edition, which costs $100 less with similar specs but uses a lower-resolution screen and a GTX 1070 rather than a GTX 1080 graphics card. However, the $1,949 configuration we tested suffered from a dim 1080p screen and a rather slow SSD. As a premium brand, Alienware really shouldn't be offering cut-rate components at that price. Fortunately, you can avoid these issues by configuring your Alienware 17 with a faster storage drive and a brighter, higher-res screen. Photo credit: Jeremy Lips/Laptopmag More on Laptops Laptops with the Longest Battery Life Which GPU Is Right for You? Best Dell and Alienware Laptops Pros / Strong gaming performance; Sharp and colorful quad-HD display; Long battery life on cheaper model; Graphics amp support; Plenty of ports Cons / Bottom gets hot while gaming; Dim display on starting model; Slower SSD than on competing laptops; Verdict / The Alienware 17 R4 offers excellent gaming performance, a comfy keyboard and an attractive design, but lower-end configurations suffer from dim screens and slow storage. Alienware 17 from $1299.00 Visit Site from Dell Home CPU 2.9-GHz Intel Core i7-7820HK CPU Operating System Windows 10 Home RAM 16GB RAM Upgradable to 32GB Hard Drive Size 1 TB Hard Drive Type SATA Hard Drive Secondary Hard Drive Size 512GB Secondary Hard Drive Type SSD Display Size 17.3 Highest Available Resolution 2560 x 1440 Native Resolution 2560 x 1440 Optical Drive Speed n/a Graphics Card Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 GPU 8GB Video Memory 8GB Wi-Fi 802.11ac Wi-Fi Model Killer 1435 802.11ac 2x2 WiFi and Bluetooth 4.1 Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.1 Touchpad Size 3.95 x 2.2-inch Ports (excluding USB) Audio-out Ports (excluding USB) Ethernet Ports (excluding USB) Headphone Ports (excluding USB) Mini Display Port Ports (excluding USB) USB Type-C Ports (excluding USB) Noble Lock Ports (excluding USB) USB 3.0 Ports (excluding USB) Thunderbolt 3 USB Ports 4 Warranty/Support one-year Size 16.7 x 13.1 x 1.2 inches Weight 9.6 pounds Company Website http://www.dell.com/en-us/gaming/alienware COMPANY Company Info About the Site Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Copyright Policy Terms of Use and Sale Privacy Policy NETWORK Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy Anand Tech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved. Home About us SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Laptops Best Laptops Under $500 For Gaming For Business For College Chromebooks CPU Guide GPU Guide Tablets Best Overall Best 2-in-1s Kids' Tablets Under $200 Samsung Tablets Longest Battery Life Buying Guide Windows 10 Win 10 Review How to Upgrade Should You Wait? versus El Capitan Test Results Ultrabooks Best Ultrabooks Best Laptops Overall Best College Laptops Laptop-Tablet Hybrids Buying Guide Deals Deal-Buying Do's and Don'ts Gaming Best Gaming Laptops Sub-$1,000 Gaming Laptops VR-Ready Laptops Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptop Guide Reviews Popular Searches: Laptops Under $1,000 Tablets Under $300 News Tips Follow Us: SEARCH Laptops Tablets Windows 10 Ultrabooks Deals Gaming Reviews News Tips Best Laptops Under $500 For Gaming For Business For College Chromebooks CPU Guide GPU Guide Laptops By Brand Acer Apple ASUS Dell HP Lenovo MSI Samsung Toshiba Laptop Finder Home Reviews Laptops Alienware 15 R3 Review Alienware 15 R3 Review Sherri L. Smith April 1, 2017 Pros / Attractive redesigned chassis; Good graphics and overall performance; Comfortable keyboard; Tobii eye-tracking integration; Lovely G-Sync enabled display Cons / Below-average battery life; A bit heavy for the size Verdict / The Alienware 15 has a sophisticated new look and a new Intel Kaby Lake processor, but subpar battery life hinders the overall experience. Alienware 15 R3 (2017) from $1199.99 Visit Site from Dell Home Alienware's been undergoing a reinvention of sorts, releasing laptops that have a decidedly more mature design. The 15-inch (starting at $1,199, reviewed at $2,299) is the latest in the line to undergo this evolution, and the result is a space cruiser that's damned sexy. But the Alienware 15 is more than a fancy redesign. It's also packing Intel's powerful new overclockable 7th-generation processors, which, when paired with Nvidia's GeForce GTX 1070 GPU, makes for a system that can handle multitasking, gaming and VR with minimal effort. And if that wasn't enough, Alienware has teamed with Tobii to bring its eye-tracking technology into the mix for a seamless new way to interact with your laptop. However, short battery life keeps the Alienware 15 from Editor's Choice status. Specs Design Say hello to the sleeker, more sophisticated Alienware 15. Like its smaller brethren, the Alienware 13, the 15 has undergone a major design revamp that removes all the lighting from the Epic Silver anodized aluminum lid, save for the trademark alien's head in the center. But never fear, Alienware hasn't eliminated the beloved LED lighting. It simply migrated to the sides of the lid for a more cultivated look. In order to accommodate all of the specs and ports, the laptop has developed a small protruding caboose made from black magnesium alloy, which matches the top of the lid. Opening the notebook reveals the keyboard and touchpad marooned in a sea of black soft-touch material that offers a luxurious feel. You'll find the glowing alien head power button residing in the center of a glossy black bar above the keyboard. The matte display is surrounded by a rather thick bezel accentuated by an Alienware logo illuminated with customizable LED backlighting. There are a good number of ports along the sides of the Alienware 15 accentuated by a glowing LED strip. On the right sits a lone USB 3.0 port, with another USB 3.0 port on the left along with a USB Type-C port, jacks for a microphone and headset, and a Noble Lock slot. Along the rear, you'll find a Thunderbolt 3 port, a full HDMI 2.0 port, a mini DisplayPort, Gigabit Ethernet, a proprietary port for the Graphics Amplifier and the DC power jack. Say hello to the sleeker, more sophisticated Alienware 15. Weighing 7.4 pounds, the Alienware 15 (15.3 x 12 x 1 inches) is lighter than the 8.2-pound Acer Predator 15 (15.4 x 11.8 1.5 inches) and the 10-pound, 16.4 x 12.7 x 1.9-inch Asus ROG G752VS OC Edition. The MSI GT62VR 6RE Dominator Pro is a bit more portable at 6.4 pounds, but at 15.4 x 10.5. X 1.6 inches, it's also noticeably thicker. The Razer Blade, with its 13.6 x 9.3 x 0.7-inch frame, weighs 4.2 pounds. Alienware 15 R3 (2017) from $1199.99 Visit Site from Dell Home Display Alienware continues its streak of pretty displays with the latest iteration of the 15. The 15.6-inch, 1920 x 1080 resolution panel is a font of rich color and crisp detail. Watching the 1080p trailer for Kiki, I marveled at how clearly I could see the delicate fronds of the peacock feathers adorning some of the dancers. The azure, emerald and gold feathers were almost as bold as their wearers' personalities. Exploring the worlds of Mass Effect: Andromeda was a constant exercise in picking my jaw off the floor. Details were sharp enough that I could see blue-white lightning bolts cut jagged paths along the sky until they met the steel-gray earth, leaving a smoking black crater. When I happened upon an uncorrupted piece of earth, I was taken in by the vivid-green alien plant, caught in a near angelic golden ray of light. You could use a headset to game on the Alienware 15, but then you'd be missing out on the rich, balanced audio from the front-firing speakers. Those bold hues are due to the panel's color gamut, which measured an excellent 117 percent of the sRGB scale. It's much better than the 94 percent mainstream average. The Blade, the G752VS, the Predator 15 and the Dominator Pro weren't too far behind at 114, 112,110 and 106 percent, respectively. With a score of 0.3 on the Delta-E test (0 is ideal), the Alienware 15's display is plenty accurate. It was enough to top the 2.6 category average, the Blade's 2.4, the G752VS' 2.1, the Predator 15's 1.4 and the Dominator Pro's 0.7. When we measured for brightness, the Alienware 15's panel averaged a gleaming 374 nits, which outshined everything except the G752VS, which delivered an incredible 476 nits. The Alienware 15's display has Nvidia's G-Sync technology, which allows the display to sync directly with the graphics card for the smoothest performance possible. On the less expensive models of the Alienware 15, the G-Sync display is capped at 60 Hz, but my model offers double the refresh-rate speed at 120 Hz. In my experience, most games ran well on the Alienware regardless of whether G-Sync was enabled or not. However, the image looked a lot smoother with G-Sync enabled. Audio You could use a headset to game on the Alienware 15, but then you'd be missing out on the rich, balanced audio from the front-firing speakers. The laptop filled my medium-size testing space with Bruno Mars' smooth tenor as I played "That's What I Like." The bass was deep, but not overpowering, allowing for the fullness of the keyboard and the crisp drums to shine through. Using the Alienware Sound Center software, I found that the Music setting was optimal for listening to Spotify or Vevo. But when I started playing Mass Effect, I went with the Shooter preset over Role Play, as it made for weightier blasts and booms when I engaged the enemy in combat. There are four additional presets you can choose from, although the majority are tuned with specific gaming genres in mind. Similar to MSI's Nahemic 2 software, Sound Center has Audio Launchpad, which lets you map audio samples to your keyboard or gamepad that can be triggered while streaming. There's also Audio Recon, which amplifies enemy footsteps so they'll never get the drop on you. Keyboard and TouchPad While the Alienware 15's traditional keyboard doesn't deliver the loud click-clack that I love on mechanical keyboards, it definitely delivers comparable feedback, thanks to the steel-reinforced keys. We measured key travel at 2 millimeters (1.5-2 mm is optimal) and the actuation -- the force needed to depress the keys -- was 78 grams (60 grams is the minimum). Those measurements allowed me to hit 70 words per minute on the 10fastfingers typing test, which is well above my 60 wpm norm. As always, Alienware offers a customizable LED backlit keyboard that's simply a sight to behold. Able to reproduce up to 16.8 million colors, depending on your creativity, you can transform the system into a captivating, pulsating jewel-toned masterpiece. The 3.8 x 2.1-inch touchpad looks small, but I had plenty of room to execute two-finger scroll, pinch-zoom, three-finger swipe and other multitouch gestures. Best of all, like all Alienware laptops, the pad lights up with every gentle caress. The pair of discrete mouse buttons offered springy feedback. The Alienware 15 can also deliver some smoking frame rates -- with or without G-Sync enabled. Alienware Command Center Alienware's proprietary settings suite has been streamlined to four apps. There's AlienFX, which lets you create custom backlighting profiles for your system, while TactX allows you to map commands to the macro keys. You can tweak the power settings with Alien Fusion, while AlienAdrenaline allows you to create custom shortcuts, monitor performance and adjust the Graphics Amplifier, if you have one handy. Gaming, Graphics and VR The middle child in Nvidia's Pascal GPU lineup, the GeForce GTX 1070 with 8GB of VRAM can handle just about anything you throw at it. I jumped into a game of Robo Recall on the Oculus Rift, for a robo-smashing good time. The game ran smoothly, despite my frenetic teleporting around the board, which allowed me to pluck a copper-colored bullet from the air and chuck it at an oncoming robot, causing a slew of sparks and smoke to stream from the new hole in its chest. When we ran the SteamVR performance test, the Alienware 15 got 11, which is the top score for this test. That was more than enough to sail past the mainstream average of 6. Outfitted with GTX 1060 GPUs, the Predator 15 and the Blade both got a score of 6. The G752VS and Dominator Pro achieved 10.4 and 10.1, respectively, thanks to their GTX 1070 GPUs. The Alienware 15 can also deliver some smoking frame rates -- with or without G-Sync enabled. When I played Mass Effect: Andromeda with the feature off at 1080p on Ultra, the laptop delivered an average of 57 fps. That's well above our 30-fps playability threshold. When I dropped the settings to High, the frame rate jumped to 62 fps, and 68 fps when I lowered it even further to Medium. As far as traditional gaming benchmarks are concerned, the Alienware 15 is on a par with the competition. On the Rise of the Tomb Raider benchmark (1920 x 1080 on Very High) for example, the Alienware notched 52 fps, while the Dominator Pro and the G752VS achieved 51 fps and 55 fps. They easily beat the 33-fps category average. The Blade delivered 43 fps, while the Predator 15 barely cleared the hurdle at 34 fps. During the Hitman test, the Alienware 15 hit an impressive 98 fps, soundly beating the 56fps average. The Dominator Pro and the G752VS weren't too far behind, with 94 and 91 fps. The Blade and Predator 15 got a respectable 60 fps and 57 fps each. The Alienware 15 produced a solid 68 fps on the Grand Theft Auto V benchmark, coasting past the 48 fps mainstream average. That was enough to beat most of the competition except the G752VS, which notched a great 73 fps. When we ran Metro: Last Light, which is one of our tougher tests, the Alienware achieved 68 fps, trouncing the 48fps average while matching the G752VS and the Dominator Pro. The Predator 15 was the surprise winner, however, with 69 fps, while the Blade delivered a solid 43 fps. On those occasions when you're not saving the world or exploring a virtual one, the Alienware 15 switches over to its integrated Intel HD Graphics 630 GPU for less intensive tasks. Overall Performance Skylake was so last year. The new hotness is Intel's Kaby Lake processors, which offer better performance and power efficiency. The Alienware is rocking a 7th-generation Intel Core i7-7820HK processor with 8GB of RAM. It's overclockable, which means it has plenty of gas in the tank to handle all your multitasking demands. Alienware 15 R3 (2017) from $1199.99 Visit Site from Dell Home For example, I streamed Dave Chappelle's latest stand-up special on Netflix while running a full system scan in Windows Defender with 17 open tabs in Google Chrome with no discernable latency. In fact, I encountered lag only when I launched Mass Effect: Andromeda in another window. The Alienware 15 held its own on our synthetic tests, hitting 14,932 on Geekbench 3, which tests overall performance. It was more than enough to top the 11,377 mainstream average along with the G752VS (Intel Core i7-7820HK CPU), the Blade (Intel Core i7-7700HQ CPU) and the Predator 15 (Intel Core i7-6700HQ CPU). They obtained 14,717,13,682 and 12,888, respectively. During the File Transfer test (copying 4.97GB of mixed-media files from an external hard drive), the Alienware 15's 512GB PCIe SSD (and a 1TB 7,200-rpm hard drive) took 17 seconds to complete the test, which translates into 299.3 megabytes per second. It was definitely faster than the 177.9, as well as the Blade's (256GB PCIe SSD) 203 MBps and the Predator 15's (256GB SSD) 145.4 MBps. However, the G752VS (256GB SSD) and the Dominator Pro (256GB PCIe m.s SSD) scorched the competition with 727 and 628.6 MBps, respectively. The Alienware 15 saw a small measure of redemption on the OpenOffice Spreadsheet Macro test, taking only 3 minutes and 17 seconds to pair 20,000 names and addresses, smoking the 4:13 average along with most of the competition. However, the G752VS clocked in with a lightning-fast 2:51. Alienware 15 R3 (2017) from $1199.99 Visit Site from Dell Home Battery Life Overclocked specs, a G-Sync display and a powerful Nvidia GPU? At some point, the Alienware 15 had to pay the piper, and in this case, the toll is exacted on the battery life. The laptop lasted only 3 hours and 25 minutes on our battery test (continuous web surfing over Wi-Fi), which is far below the 6:57 mainstream average. It's better than the Dominator Pro's time of 3:18, but not the G752VS and the Predator 15 ,which lasted 3:53 and 4 hours. But the Blade was the last system running, with a time of 7:45. Heat Wewatched a few HD YouTube videos over the course of a 15-minute span and measured key points on the laptop. The touchpad registered a cool 81 degrees Fahrenheit while the space between the G and H keys hit a warm 94 degrees. The bottom of the notebook reached 92 degrees, slightly below our 95-degree comfort threshold. Webcam The integrated 720p webcam can take a decent shot, provided you're in a well-lit spot. My test photos accurately captured my forest green and black dress with sharp-enough detail to make out the slightly floral pattern. I could also read some of the lettering on the poster in the background. Tobii Heeere's Tobii! The eye-tracking software has made its way into the Alienware 15 in limited capacity via Tobii EyeX Lite. Without the integrated sensors you find on the larger Alienware 17, you won't have the ability to control your video games with your eyes. You can, however, put your system into sleep, shut off the lighting or dim the screen with a simple look. The IR sensor mounted in the webcam module keeps track of your gaze and executes commands accordingly. As fun as playing peek-a-boo with your laptop can be, the camera can also be used to unlock the laptop via Windows Hello. Setting up the facial recognition service is pretty simple, just create a password and pin first. From there, simply hit the Set Up button under Face Recognition in the settings menu and let the IR presence-detection camera scan your face, and you're good to go. Software and Warranty Alienware typically keeps the unwanted software to a minimum. Outside of the typical Windows 10 suite, the only third-party apps on the Alienware 15 are Facebook, Twitter, Pandora, Royal Revolt 2, Asphalt 8: Airborne, Candy Crush Soda Saga and Drawboard PDF. There is some useful, gamer-centric software pre-loaded onto the laptop, such as Nvidia's GeForce Experience, which consists of several game-optimization apps, including Battery Boost and GameStream for streaming games to your Nvidia Shield. There's also the Share feature, which allows you to record or broadcast your gaming exploits. To ensure your games are running on the fastest network possible, the notebook also has Killer Network Manager. The Alienware 13 comes with one year of Premium support, which includes 24/7 access to Alienware's support techs, in-game repairs and troubleshooting. Configurations I had loads of fun reviewing the $2,299 model of the Alienware, which has an overclockable 7th-generation Intel Core i7-7820HK processor with 16GB of RAM, a 512GB M.2 SSD with a 1TB 7,200-rpm hard drive, an Intel HD Graphics 630 GPU, a Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 GPU with 8GB of VRAM and a 1080p Nvidia G-Sync 120Hz panel. If you're on a budget, the $1,499 version of the system offers a 2.8-GHz Intel Core i7-7700HQ CPU with 8GB of RAM, a 128GB M.2 SATA SSD with a 1TB 7,200-rpm hard drive, an Intel HD Graphics 630 GPU, a Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 GPU with 8GB of VRAM and a 1080p Nvidia G-Sync 60Hz panel. The $1,199 base model features a 3.5-GHz Intel Core i5-7300HQ CPU with 8GB of RAM, 1TB 7,200-rpm hard drive, an Intel HD Graphics 630 GPU, a Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050 Ti GPU with 2GB of VRAM and a 1080p Nvidia G-Sync 60Hz display. The top-of-the-line $2,549 model has an overclockable 2.8-GHz Intel Core i7-7820HK CPU, a 512GB PCIe SSD with a 1TB 7,200-rpm hard drive, an Intel HD Graphics 630 GPU, a Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 GPU with 8GB of VRAM and a 1080p Nvidia G-Sync 120Hz panel. The lower-tier configurations of the Alienware 15 are outfitted with a 68 watt-hour battery -- a rather meager spec compared with the 99 wH battery found in the more expensive models of the system. If you want power and performance without putting too big a dent in your wallet, I highly recommend the $1,799 model, which has the larger battery as well as a Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 GPU with 8GB of VRAM, a 2.8-GHz Intel Core i7-7700HQ CPU with 8GB of RAM, a 256GB PCIe SSD with a 1TB, 7,200-rpm hard drive and a 1080p Nvidia G-Sync 60Hz display. Bottom Line There's a lot to like on the Alienware 15. For $2,299, you get a modern take on the interstellar theme that's sleek and sophisticated, with a comfortable keyboard, excellent sound, strong gaming performance and a lovely G-Sync-enabled display. The Tobii software adds a fun, but useful eye-controlled functionality for more seamless productivity, even if it's not for playing games. For the full Tobii treatment, you'll want to step up to the Alienware 17. But the Alienware 15 is more than its eye-tracker. Thanks to some rather robust hardware, including an overclockable Core i7 processor, Nvidia GTX 1070 GTX and a G-Sync display, the laptop serves up buttery-smooth frame rates whether you're playing traditional or VR games. The system does stumble a bit when it comes to battery life, and if endurance is important to you, the $1,899 Razer Blade might be a better fit. It's also more portable than the 7.4 pound 15-inch Alienware. If you want something with a faster SSD, consider the $1,999 MSI GT62VR Dominator Pro. But, if you want a fairly portable 15-inch system with all the bells and whistles, the Alienware 15 is a great choice. More on Laptops The Best Gaming Laptops Great Laptops for College Students How to Use Windows 10 Pros / Attractive redesigned chassis; Good graphics and overall performance; Comfortable keyboard; Tobii eye-tracking integration; Lovely G-Sync enabled display Cons / Below-average battery life; A bit heavy for the size Verdict / The Alienware 15 has a sophisticated new look and a new Intel Kaby Lake processor, but subpar battery life hinders the overall experience. Alienware 15 R3 (2017) from $1199.99 Visit Site from Dell Home CPU 2.9-GHz Intel Core i7-7820HK processor Operating System Windows 10 Home RAM 16GB RAM Upgradable to 32GB Hard Drive Size 512GB Hard Drive Type PCIe SSD Secondary Hard Drive Size 1TB Secondary Hard Drive Speed 7200 Secondary Hard Drive Type SATA Hard Drive Display Size 15.6 Native Resolution 1920x1080 Optical Drive None Optical Drive Speed n/a Graphics Card Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 GPU/Intel HD Graphics 630 GPU Video Memory 8GB Wi-Fi 802.11ac Wi-Fi Model Killer 1435 802.11ac 2x2 WiFi Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.1 Touchpad Size 3.8 x 2.1 inches Ports (excluding USB) Headset Ports (excluding USB) Microphone Ports (excluding USB) USB Type-C Ports (excluding USB) Mini Display Port Ports (excluding USB) USB 3.0 Ports (excluding USB) Noble Lock Ports (excluding USB) Proprietary Ports (excluding USB) Gigabit Ethernet Ports (excluding USB) HDMI USB Ports 3 Card Slots 3-1 card reader Warranty/Support 1 Year Premium Support/1Year Accidental Damage Service Size 15.3 x 12 x 1 inches Weight 7.4 pounds Company Website www.alienware.com COMPANY Company Info About the Site Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Copyright Policy Terms of Use and Sale Privacy Policy NETWORK Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy Anand Tech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved. Home About us SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Shows Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air TRANSCRIPT The media's obsession with Michael Flynn Published April 03, 2017 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print   This is a RUSH transcript from "The O'Reilly Factor," March 31, 2017. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated. Watch "The O'Reilly Factor" weeknights at 8 p.m. and 11 p.m. ET! JESSE WATTERS, FOX NEWS HOST: Hi, I'm Jesse Watters in for Bill O'Reilly. Thanks for watching this Special Edition of THE O'REILLY FACTOR, "America Divided." It is stark division that is playing out in every corner of politics right now. And it's on full display in the mainstream media's coverage of the Mike Flynn wiretap Russia Intel investigations. As for the latest on Flynn, the former National Security advisor is seeking an immunity deal in exchange for testimony to FBI and Congressional investigators. The deal is reportedly been rejected by the Senate Intel Committee. And Congressman Adam Schiff, the House Intel Committee's ranking member, says they will discuss the offer with Senate and Justice Department counterparts before making a decision. Meanwhile, the media's coverage of the Flynn news breathless. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Overnight President Trump's former National Security Advisor Mike Flynn making headlines requesting immunity in exchange for testifying about his Russian contacts. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Flynn wants a promise of legal protection before testifying about the Trump campaign and Russian meddling in the election. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Michael Flynn, who was ousted as President Trump's National Security advisor, is now offering to testify if he is given immunity from prosecution. (END VIDEO CLIP) WATTERS: And top Democratic leaders are wasting no time using the Flynn developments to fuel more rank speculation against President Trump. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) REP. NANCY PELOSI (D-CA), HOUSE MINORITY LEADER: I just wonder what the Russians have politically, personally, or financially on President Trump. Because this is about a National Security issue. Why would the President of the United States for just come in and start to flirt with the idea of lifting sanctions on Russia in terms of their behavior in Eastern Europe. Why would the President of the United States question the START Treaty? Why the President of the United States put Putin on a pedestal and diminishes the greatness of America in that? There is something wrong with this picture? (END VIDEO CLIP) WATTERS: Joining us now with reaction from Washington, Matt Schlapp, chairman of the American Conservative Union, along with former State Department official David Tafuri. Matt, I will start with you. It seems like if the press had been as aggressive covering this IRS scandal, I mean, they didn't do anything about that. I mean, had you Lois Lerner taking the fifth. People taking plea deals. And they didn't really care at all, but all of a sudden, you know, Mike Flynn makes a phone call and, you know, all hell breaks loose. Why is all of a sudden everybody in Washington an investigative reporter? MATT SCHLAPP, CHAIRMAN, AMERICAN CONSERVATIVE UNION: Yes. Well, this is something you are going to have to learn, Jesse, which is Republicans tend to be very careful and sheepish when it comes to going after Democrats for scandals and investigations. Whereas Democrats, you know, I got to take my hat off to them. Every moment of every day they try to make every Republican feel like they are a criminal. Think about this case. Mike Flynn is the victim. He was unmasked. And he was -- and his identity was leaked to major news publications. And now it's the Democrats saying somehow that Mike Flynn is the one who is the person who has committed, you know, has broken the law. It's ironic how they turn everything on its head. WATTERS: Well, there is no evidence so far that has come out that he has broken any law. David, it seems to be funny that when Hillary's associates all got immunity deals, and that was fine. But Mike Flynn casually asks for an immunity deal and all of the sudden a press brands him some criminal? Don't you see a little bit of a double standard there? DAVID TAFURI, FORMER STATE DEPARTMENT OFFICIAL: Yes. You know, this should not be a Democrat or Republican thing. This should be something that all Americans care about. You know, the framers of our constitution were really worried about interference by foreign governments. That's why they put in the constitution protection so that foreign governments couldn't interfere in our democracy. That's at base what happened here. Russia interfered in our election. Now, for Matt to say that Flynn is a victim is unbelievable. Flynn has said he wants immunity from prosecution. I mean, he is suggesting that he has committed crime and he wants immunity to do -- SCHLAPP: No. Wait a second -- TAFURI: That's not other people who have engaged in crime. That's why you ask for immunity. SCHLAPP: No, that's not true. WATTERS: David, if he was unmasked, then he was the victim. That's hard to argue against. TAFURI: No. WATTERS: Yes. You can't unmask someone. That's a criminal abuse of power. TAFURI: Sorry, Jesse, you are incorrect. WATTERS: No, I'm not. TAFURI: Let me explain. If you are unmasked because you were in conversations with someone who was properly surveilled, like an agent of the Russian government, which is what happened here, that is not improper. In fact, that's what the law requires. You unmask Americans who were caught up in conversations. WATTERS: We don't know if he was unmasked appropriately and he was leaked to the mainstream media. SCHLAPP: He was leaked. That's exactly right. TAFURI: If he was leaked, then that may be a problem. WATTERS: If? SCHLAPP: If it was leaked? If it was leaked? It was leaked. WATTERS: Matt, go ahead. SCHLAPP: It was leaked. Let me explain something. WATTERS: David, David, let Matt finished. Go ahead, Matt. SCHLAPP: The reason he wants immunity and I would want it if I were him as well, is because this is how he has been treated by our government. They have already committed unlawful acts against him, and he has a story to tell. In order to go to Congress, he no longer has a trust factor with those who will be asking him the questions. And I don't blame him for having that lack of trust. And I think the American people would like some fairness here. WATTERS: David, let me -- SCHLAPP: Now, you are living in a fantasy world. WATTERS: David, let me just address this. SCHLAPP: -- Immunity because you've committed a crime and you want protection against being prosecuted. WATTERS: You're wrong. You're wrong. SCHLAPP: Now, if people leaked that information and that was classified information, we should go after them, too. But we need to go after both the leakers and the people who were unmasked who improperly and potentially engaged in treason against our country by dealing with the Russians in a way that hurts our country's interests. WATTERS: David, David, hold on a second, hold on a second. There is no evidence there is treason, number one. Number two, there is more evidence that the Democratic Party is in co-hoots with the media and these leakers than there is evidence that Trump was in cahoots with the Russians. It's all smoke. No fire. And we haven't gotten to the bottom of any of this and the media doesn't care about the fact that there is potential abuse of power that President Obama and holdover officials might have surveilled a President-elect and then illegally unmasked him and then leaked classified information to the press. To me, that seems like the juicier story. And instead of covering that it's a process crime now about when the House Intelligence Committee went to the White House, when did he go? Who let him in? The real story to me assumes to be the abuse of power? TAFURI: The story that American people care about is whether a foreign power engaged in interference in our democracy. That's the most important story. And that's the real threat to America. WATTERS: David, how many votes did the Russians change on Election Day? How many votes did they change? TAFURI: All Americans care about that, Jesse. WATTERS: Answer the question. David, how many votes did the Russians change on November 8th? TAFURI: The point is that the Russians -- WATTERS: Zero. TAFURI: Zero. Let me answer that Jesse. We don't know that. WATTERS: Obama and intelligence officials said that in open testimony. SCHLAPP: That's right. WATTERS: I will give you the last word. SCHLAPP: Yes. Let me just say real fast which is if the Russians tried to influence our elections which by the way, I think they tried to -- TAFURI: What do you mean if? Seventeen intelligence agencies in America said they did. There is no if anymore, Matt. There is no if. SCHLAPP: Let me finish. They tried to influence and destabilize America every day of the calendar year. Do you know whose fault that is? That is President Obama's fault for leaving us vulnerable. Let's really focus on what these investigations should be on and it's Obama's failure. WATTERS: That's a good point it all happened under Obama's watch, guys. Thank you very much. TAFURI: Thank you, Jesse. Content and Programming Copyright 2017 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content. Advertisement Trending on Fox News 1 Susan Rice requested to unmask names of Trump transition officials, sources say 2 Gun rights activists are on a political roll with four recent wins 3 Kansas dad admits he killed son fed to pigs 4 North Korean leader Kim Jong Un 'desperate,' ready to strike US, defector says 5 Haley: Assad a 'war criminal' protected by Russia, Iran Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
search G Front News Comment Features MARKET ECONOMY ENERGY HEALTHCARE IT REAL ESTATE START UPS AEROSPACE & DEFENSE CHEMICALS & PLASTICS FINANCIAL SERVICES MERGERS & ACQUISITIONS POLITICS TELECOMS, MEDIA & MARKETING TOURISM TRANSPORT & INFRASTRUCTURE WATER Front > News Israeli Nasdaq shares rise while TASE stagnates Volkswagen CEO in secret visit to Israel Cellcom, Elron to invest jointly in startups 3 Apr, 2017 15:29 Hila Sion The "Globes"- Prometheus and Nasdaq indices gained 1.5% last month. The positive trend in January-February on Nasdaq continued in March, but the increases were more modest. Both the "Globes"-Prometheus and Nasdaq indices had positive 1.5% returns on the month, while the Tel Aviv 125 Index was down 1.1%. Nasdaq rose 9.8% in the first quarter. The positive trend in the US included the Israeli Nasdaq-listed shares, which had a collective 9.4% first-quarter return. In contrast to the US market, the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange (TASE) is still stagnating, with the Tel Aviv 125 dropping 2% since the beginning of the year. The biomed market had another bad month, with the Israeli Nasdaq-listed companies in the this category experiencing more substantial falls. The "Globes"-Prometheus Life Sciences sub-index dropped 3.9% last month, while the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index was off 1.2%. The TASE Biotechnology Index, on the other hand, had a modest 0.8% positive return. In line with the prevailing market trends over the past year, the technology indices significantly outperformed the biomed indices. The "Globes"-Prometheus Technology Index outdid the comparison indices with a 5.3% rise. The Nasdaq Technology Index gained 2.8%, while the TASE Technology Index remained unchanged. Prominent returns for Verint, Silicom One of the companies that stood out in March was Silicom Ltd. (Nasdaq:SILC; TASE:SILC), which soared 28%, after announcing that it had won the largest contract in its history from a cloud computing customer. Another standout was Verint Systems Inc. (Nasdaq: VRNT), which gained 14%, after the company announced an adjusted profit of $0.90 per share in the fourth quarter, $0.04 higher than the analysts' expectations. Mer Telemanagement Solutions Ltd. (Nasdaq: MTSL), on the other hand, tumbled 23% after publishing disappointing results, including a decline in the value of its investment in Vexigo. OTI - On Track Innovations Ltd. (Nasdaq: OTIV; DAX: OT5) reported a loss of $0.03 per share for the fourth quarter, following which its share lost 14% of its value in March. "The Mobileye exit is entirely a question of technology" One of the prominent shares in the March index was naturally Mobileye(NYSE: MBLY), which added 32% to its value following the report of the company being sold to Intel for $15 billion. According to Prometheus Financial Advisory founding partner and technology and high tech head Eyal Szewach, the Mobileye exit is entirely a question of technology. "Despite $360 million in sales in 2016, high profit margins, and impressive growth, Mobileye wasn't acquired for its profit, but for the technology and management that it brings with it," says Szewach, adding, "Mobileye's $10 billion market cap before the acquisition was also a result of its technology, not its profit." Intel is making a big gamble with Mobileye. Intel's stock of cash totaled $17 billion as of the end of 2016, so using $15 billion of it for a single acquisition is extremely significant. Analysts covering Intel are expressing doubt about the price, and also about the wisdom of the acquisition. The capital market is also showing no great confidence in the measure. Intel's market cap dipped 2% on the day on which the acquisition was announced. The value of Mobileye, on the other hand, rose from $10 billion to $13.7 billion, reflecting concern that the deal would not be completed; otherwise, it would have risen to $15 billion. According to Szewach, a few things about the acquisition can be gleaned from a joint conference call conducted by the managements of Intel and Mobileye with analysts following the acquisition, which raised a number of interesting points. He says, "First of all, Intel estimates the opportunity in the autonomous car industry at $110 billion, of which $70 billion consists of equipment to be installed within the car, and the rest from deployment of communications networks throughout the world for autonomous cars. "Intel wants to dominate two segments: equipment sales for cars and equipment sales for networks. In the cellular field, which constitutes an interesting analogy to the autonomous car sector, the division between the companies selling network equipment and companies selling components for cellular telephones is starker; it's hard to find many players with substantial shares on both sides of the equation." Published by Globes [online], Israel Business News - www.globes-online.com - on April 3, 2017 © Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2017 5 Comments View comments in rows Update by email about comments talkback POST Comments Your name Please insert your name Content Your comment Thanks You comment was recieved and soon will be published. In posting comments, I agree to abide by the Terms of Use Globes encourages lively and frank debate, but posts that the editors consider merely abusive or otherwise inappropriate will be removed. Report inappropriate content POST Thank you for posting your comment, which will be reviewed for publication. Whith Chaining Without chaining Customer recommended Loading Comments... Load more comments   נושאים למעקב >> Nasdaq picture: Bloomberg Front News Comment Features Market Newsletters RSS Israel Resources עברית Globes Conferences International Advertising About Support Powered by UI & Design By Application delivery by © Globes. All rights reserved. Twitter Facebook Linkedin RSS Newsletters גלובס Capital  Markets Conference 2017
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Axiomtek Press Release Receive press releases from Axiomtek: By Email RSS Feeds: Build a Compact Embedded System with the CAPA318- Axiomteks Newest 3.5 SBC Axiomtek releases the CAPA318, featuring a compact, fanless and rugged design which provides operational stability in harsh environments. City of Industry, CA, April 03, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Axiomtek, one of the world's leading designers and manufacturers of innovative, high performance and reliable PC-based industrial computer products, is proud to announce the CAPA318, a fanless 3.5” embedded motherboard featuring the low power consumption Intel® Pentium® N4200 or Celeron® N3350 processors. The CAPA318 is designed for operational stability in harsh environments with a wide operating temperature range of -20°C to +70°C. It also supports one 204-pin DDR3L-1867 SO-DIMM with a memory capacity up to 8 GB. Furthermore, this compact embedded motherboard has an emphasis on expandability with two full-size PCI Express Mini Card slots. This cost-effective 3.5” embedded motherboard is suitable for IoT/M2M related applications, industrial control, self-service terminals, digital signage, POS/kiosk displays, and more. “Axiomtek’s new industrial-grade 3.5” CAPA318 is highly expandable and customizable,” said Product Manager Ken Lin. “It’s compact and fanless design makes the CAPA318 perfect for use in space constricting environments. Additionally, the CAPA318 can provide high reliability with its wide operating temperature range and flexible power options. Axiomtek aims to provide system integrators with an ideal single board computer that comes with a small form factor, lower power consumption CPU, rugged design and rich I/O options for a wide array of applications.” The CAPA318 is equipped with two RS-232 ports, two USB 3.0 ports, two USB 2.0 ports, 8-IN/OUT digital I/O, VGA port, LVDS port, and dual Gigabit Ethernet ports with Intel® i211AT Ethernet controller. For extensive storage needs, the CAPA318 provides one SATA-600 socket and one mSATA interface. Axiomtek’s CAPA318 will be available around mid-May. For more product information or pricing, please visit us.axiomtek.com or contact a sales representative at solutions@axiomtek.com. Main Features - Intel® Pentium® N4200 processor or Celeron® N3350 processor - One DDR3L-1867 SO-DIMM, up to 8 GB - Two USB 2.0 and two USB 3.0 ports - PCI Express Mini card with mSATA supported - Two Gigabit Ethernet ports support Wake-on-LAN - Wide operating temperature range of -20°C to +70°C (-4°F to +158°F) About Axiomtek Co., Ltd Axiomtek Co., Ltd. established in 1990, is one of the world's leading designers/manufacturers of PC-based industrial computer products. From its roots as a turnkey systems integrator specializing in data acquisition and control systems, Axiomtek has mirrored the PC and IoT evolutions by shifting its focus toward the design and manufacture of PC-based industrial solutions and value-added services for different industries including, transportation, medical, industrial automation, power utilities and renewable energy, digital signage, network appliances, gaming, retail/POS/Kiosks. It has more than 60 distributor partners globally. Axiomtek offers industrial PCs, single board computers and system on modules, fanless and rugged embedded systems, intelligent transportation systems, EtherCAT Master Controllers, IoT gateway devices, touch panel computers, medical grade PCs, digital signage OPS players, industrial network and network appliances and casino gaming platforms. Axiomtek USA headquarters is located in City of Industry, Calif. Established in 1994, the subsidiary incorporates product integration and logistics as well as a wide range of service offerings including design assistance, technical support and return merchandise assistance. Axiomtek Systems in Methuen, MA, was formed in 2012 after its acquisition. It has added its high level of expertise on COTS integration and a variety of value-added services to Axiomtek USA’s comprehensive suite of capabilities. Axiomtek USA has become the premier value-added service provider for systems integration assistance and project management. As an associate member of the Intel® Internet of Things Solutions Alliance, Axiomtek continuously develops and delivers cutting edge solutions based on the latest Intel® platforms. Contact Information Axiomtek Larry Wu 1-888-462-9466 Contact us.axiomtek.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Axiomtek Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Intel Corporation Not Worried About Samsung Chip Threat One analyst pressed a key Intel technologist for a response to reports that Samsung could adopt a new chip technology before Intel does. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Apr 3, 2017 at 9:00AM A little while back, DigiTimes reported that Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) had disclosed a very juicy tidbit about its upcoming 7-nanometer chip-manufacturing technology -- that it would transition from a transistor structure that's known as a finFET to a gate-all-around (GAA) structure. If it's true that Samsung plans to adopt this new transistor structure for its 7-nanometer technology -- which could enter mass production at the end of 2018 -- then that could be an indication that chip giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) might be falling behind in terms of key manufacturing technology advances. Image source: Intel. Indeed, Intel's recent disclosures indicate that it will continue to use finFET transistors in its upcoming 10-nanometer technology, with rumors pointing to continued use of finFETs with the company's 7-nanometer technology. However, during a question-and-answer session at Intel's recent Technology and Manufacturing Day, Intel Senior Fellow Mark Bohr, in response to a question from analyst Stacy Rasgon asking for Intel's thoughts on Samsung's potential use of GAA, seemed to indicate that Intel isn't worried about Samsung's potentially pulling ahead. Intel tech guru responds "We are exploring a broad range of transistor options in our research and development groups -- including gate-all-around," Bohr began. "As much as we might like to use an attractive name like that, we make choices based on real, hard engineering data -- density, performance, and power." Bohr's response was interesting, but it didn't directly answer the question. Fortunately, Rasgon pressed for further insight and received a more direct answer to his question. Bohr said that even if Samsung were to roll out gate-all-around-based technology in the rumored timeframe, Intel would continue to have a "better technology" in terms of power, performance, and area. Keeping an eye on this space It's not clear how often Intel plans to host these Technology and Manufacturing Day events to talk about its progress in chip-manufacturing technologies, but I think Intel should at minimum host one of these events every two years. The world of chip manufacturing is a fast-paced one, and there constantly are new developments from Intel and its competitors. Keeping investors updated with relatively fresh technology, economic, and competitive insights should be a priority for the chipmaker. With respect to Samsung's upcoming 7-nanometer technology, if it goes into production in late 2018, then that means we should see products based on it in the marketplace at some point during the first half of 2019. Once chips built using Samsung's 7-nanometer technology are available to purchase in the marketplace, Intel ought to tear down those chips and measure the performance of the technology -- as well as the density of the technology -- and publicly publish a comparison to whatever technology Intel has in the market at the time. If Intel winds up having a better technology, as Bohr expects, then that could serve to validate the technical choices that it made relative to what Samsung (or another competitor) made. On the other hand, if Intel can't score a clear win, or if it winds up comparing some future technology that's at least six months away from mass production from what Samsung has in the market at the time, then it'll be clear that Intel has some work to do to shore up its manufacturing technology competitiveness.  Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Apr 3, 2017 at 9:00AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.16 up $0.09 (0.25%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $1,500.00 no change (0.00%) Read More Why Long-Term Investors Should Prefer NVIDIA Over Intel Will Intel Profit From Self-Driving Cars? Intel Corporation’s Exciting Plan to Chop Up Future Chips Intel's Data Center Monopoly Is Coming to an End Here's Why Intel Corporation Is Putting in More Modem Capacity Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Intel Corporation Not Worried About Samsung Chip Threat @themotleyfool #stocks $INTC, $SSNLF
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Can HP Z Workstations Help Improve Life in Space? HP and Intel Tap Engineering Minds to Find Out by Sarah Murry, Newsroom Managing Editor, HP Inc. SOURCE: HP, Inc. DESCRIPTION: When HP declared its mission was to make life better for everyone, everywhere, no one likely considered that “everywhere” might extend past boundaries of the Earth’s atmosphere. HP’s lineup of high-performance mobile workstations, called ZBooks, are among the technology tools that are found not only on the International Space Station (ISS), but also on the ground at Mission Control. HP announced that it’s partnering with Intel to launch an innovative new contest, the “Life in Space” Design Challenge, which will tap some of the brightest engineering minds at universities across the U.S. to develop a product that can improve the lives of astronauts in space.  Undergraduate student teams from prestigious engineering schools across the country will be outfitted with HP ZBook Studio Mobile Workstations, powered by Intel® Core i7® processors, to help them design a manufacture-able product to improve life in space for our astronauts. “We’re looking to the country’s brightest engineering minds to put HP’s ZBook technology to work by designing and prototyping a product that will make life better for the astronauts on the ISS,” said Lisa Baker, Director, Business & Personal Systems Marketing at HP. “ZBook Studio Mobile Workstations will enable their imaginations to soar, while offering the high-performance specs to make their creations come to fruition.” Maintaining relatively comfortable living and working conditions while on the ISS is something NASA’s been grappling with ever since the first crew arrived in 2000. Questions from how to help astronauts maintain their physical and mental health to the quality and variety of the vacuum-sealed food they subsist upon might spark a revolutionary new product idea. About the contest HP and Intel are engaging with student teams from Carnegie Mellon University, Georgia Tech, Ohio State, University of Texas, Oregon State University, Arizona State University, Virginia Tech University and Clemson University for the challenge. During the first phase of the contest, teams of five students from each school will determine their design and provide a conceptual sketch showcasing their idea as well as a brief team video. At the end of the month, they’ll submit a work-in-progress CAD (computer assisted design) file of their idea. In the next and final phase in mid-March, the teams will submit fully-rendered CAD files and a video that explains the design overview and finer points of their product vision. In late March, a judging panel made up of representatives from HP and Intel will narrow down the participant list to three finalists and opens up the voting to the public via social media. Winners will be announced in early April. Each member of the winning team will receive: One HP ZBook Studio Mobile Workstation with Intel® Core i7® processor Thunderbolt™ 3 dock with notebook bag A four-day trip to Orlando including a tour of NASA’s Cape Canaveral and a day at Epcot for an exclusive HP Mission Mars Experience Workstations on the frontlines The powerful desktops, used by creative types to render, store and send massive files such as detailed architectural plans or CGI dinosaurs in major motion pictures, have long been the reliable workhorses for designers, engineers, architects and—yes, astronauts. They were selected by NASA for their impressive specs, which combine top performance, reliability, innovation and durable design, for a truly stellar work experience—no matter if the office is in a cubicle or located 200 miles above the surface of the Earth. See full contest rules here: www.hp.com/go/lifeinspaceofficialrules. Tweet me: .@HP + @Intel partner for #LifeinSpace Design Challenge for #EngineeringStudents http://bit.ly/2nFnavY @HPSustainable KEYWORDS: Innovation & Technology, Responsible Business & Employee Engagement, International Space Station, Intel, HP Inc, LIfe in space design challenge CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Amway Combines The Best Of Nature And Science With The Introduction Of G&H, Effective And Gentle Body Care For The Entire Family Next PostNext Cargill Issues 2017 Update on Sustainable Palm Oil Progress Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sandhill Capital Partners LLC Has $662,000 Stake in Intel Co. (INTC) Gratus Capital LLC Has $1,664,000 Position in Intel Co. (INTC) Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co Convergys Corp (CVG) Shares Sold by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Raises Stake in Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Buys 512 Shares of Blackhawk Network Holdings Inc (HAWK) AMF Pensionsforsakring AB Boosts Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Cowen and Company Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Juno Therapeutics Inc (JUNO) vTv Therapeutics Inc (VTVT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Piper Jaffray Companies Kornit Digital Ltd (KRNT) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Energy Transfer Equity LP Forecasted to Post Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.33 Per Share (ETE) Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc. Purchases New Stake in Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) American Trust Investment Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Endeavour Silver Corp (EXK) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Noble Financial Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Mantech International Corp (MANT) to Hold George E. Hall Acquires 81,957 Shares of Glassbridge Enterprises Inc (GLA) Stock Michel Tremblay Sells 10,000 Shares of Industrial Alliance Insur. & Fin. Ser. (IAG) Stock Insider Selling: Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (EGRX) Major Shareholder Sells $513,229.64 in Stock KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) VP Sells $427,810.60 in Stock Gratus Capital LLC Has $1,664,000 Position in Intel Co. (INTC) April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Gratus Capital LLC boosted its position in Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) by 1.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 45,873 shares of the chip maker’s stock after buying an additional 478 shares during the period. Gratus Capital LLC’s holdings in Intel were worth $1,664,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other large investors have also recently modified their holdings of INTC. Sfmg LLC boosted its stake in Intel by 0.6% in the third quarter. Sfmg LLC now owns 6,354 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $240,000 after buying an additional 35 shares in the last quarter. Hodges Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in Intel by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Hodges Capital Management Inc. now owns 16,350 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $593,000 after buying an additional 50 shares in the last quarter. D. Scott Neal Inc. boosted its stake in Intel by 1.3% in the third quarter. D. Scott Neal Inc. now owns 5,035 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $190,000 after buying an additional 66 shares in the last quarter. Sheets Smith Wealth Management boosted its stake in Intel by 0.5% in the third quarter. Sheets Smith Wealth Management now owns 17,445 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $659,000 after buying an additional 93 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Abner Herrman & Brock LLC boosted its stake in Intel by 0.6% in the third quarter. Abner Herrman & Brock LLC now owns 16,309 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $616,000 after buying an additional 98 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 65.90% of the company’s stock. Shares of Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) opened at 36.07 on Monday. Intel Co. has a 52-week low of $29.50 and a 52-week high of $38.45. The company has a market capitalization of $170.54 billion, a PE ratio of 17.01 and a beta of 1.03. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $35.82 and a 200 day moving average price of $36.12. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The chip maker reported $0.79 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.75 by $0.04. Intel had a return on equity of 20.95% and a net margin of 17.37%. The business had revenue of $16.40 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $15.75 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.74 EPS. Intel’s revenue for the quarter was up 10.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts predict that Intel Co. will post $2.80 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Investors of record on Sunday, May 7th will be given a $0.2725 dividend. This represents a $1.09 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.02%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 3rd. This is a positive change from Intel’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.26. Intel’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 49.29%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/gratus-capital-llc-has-1664000-position-in-intel-co-intc.html. INTC has been the topic of several research analyst reports. MKM Partners reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $44.00 target price on shares of Intel in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Morgan Stanley reaffirmed an “underweight” rating on shares of Intel in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Vetr cut shares of Intel from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $39.47 price target on the stock. in a research report on Wednesday, December 7th. Loop Capital started coverage on shares of Intel in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. They set a “buy” rating and a $40.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Brean Capital reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Intel in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned a hold rating and twenty-seven have given a buy rating to the company. Intel currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $40.05. In related news, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 72,172 shares of Intel stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.21, for a total value of $2,541,176.12. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 549,091 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $19,333,494.11. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 79,051 shares of Intel stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $36.49, for a total value of $2,884,570.99. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 394,406 shares in the company, valued at approximately $14,391,874.94. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 273,023 shares of company stock worth $9,898,612. 0.09% of the stock is owned by insiders. Intel Company Profile Intel Corporation is engaged in designing and manufacturing products and technologies, such as the cloud. The Company’s segments are Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group (NSG), Intel Security Group (ISecG), Programmable Solutions Group (PSG), All Other and New Technology Group (NTG). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sandhill Capital Partners LLC Has $662,000 Stake in Intel Co. (INTC) Gratus Capital LLC Has $1,664,000 Position in Intel Co. (INTC) Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) Rating Reiterated by FBR & Co Convergys Corp (CVG) Shares Sold by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Raises Stake in Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Buys 512 Shares of Blackhawk Network Holdings Inc (HAWK) AMF Pensionsforsakring AB Boosts Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Cowen and Company Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Juno Therapeutics Inc (JUNO) vTv Therapeutics Inc (VTVT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Piper Jaffray Companies Kornit Digital Ltd (KRNT) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Energy Transfer Equity LP Forecasted to Post Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.33 Per Share (ETE) Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc. Purchases New Stake in Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) American Trust Investment Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Endeavour Silver Corp (EXK) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Noble Financial Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Mantech International Corp (MANT) to Hold George E. Hall Acquires 81,957 Shares of Glassbridge Enterprises Inc (GLA) Stock Michel Tremblay Sells 10,000 Shares of Industrial Alliance Insur. & Fin. Ser. (IAG) Stock Insider Selling: Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (EGRX) Major Shareholder Sells $513,229.64 in Stock KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) VP Sells $427,810.60 in Stock Sandhill Capital Partners LLC Has $662,000 Stake in Intel Co. (INTC) April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Sandhill Capital Partners LLC increased its position in shares of Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) by 5.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 18,249 shares of the chip maker’s stock after buying an additional 1,024 shares during the period. Sandhill Capital Partners LLC’s holdings in Intel were worth $662,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Eagle Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in Intel by 50.3% in the third quarter. Eagle Asset Management Inc. now owns 126,790 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $4,786,000 after buying an additional 42,405 shares during the last quarter. Vista Capital Partners Inc. increased its stake in Intel by 5.2% in the third quarter. Vista Capital Partners Inc. now owns 26,022 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $982,000 after buying an additional 1,295 shares during the last quarter. Culbertson A N & Co. Inc. increased its stake in Intel by 0.4% in the third quarter. Culbertson A N & Co. Inc. now owns 164,966 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $6,227,000 after buying an additional 690 shares during the last quarter. First United Bank Trust increased its stake in Intel by 5.4% in the third quarter. First United Bank Trust now owns 32,657 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $1,233,000 after buying an additional 1,660 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Perkins Coie Trust Co increased its stake in Intel by 1.8% in the third quarter. Perkins Coie Trust Co now owns 59,316 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $2,240,000 after buying an additional 1,033 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 65.90% of the company’s stock. Shares of Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) opened at 36.07 on Monday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $35.82 and a 200-day moving average price of $36.12. The firm has a market capitalization of $170.54 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.01 and a beta of 1.03. Intel Co. has a 12 month low of $29.50 and a 12 month high of $38.45. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) last released its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The chip maker reported $0.79 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.75 by $0.04. The company had revenue of $16.40 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $15.75 billion. Intel had a return on equity of 20.95% and a net margin of 17.37%. Intel’s quarterly revenue was up 10.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.74 EPS. Equities analysts forecast that Intel Co. will post $2.80 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Stockholders of record on Sunday, May 7th will be issued a dividend of $0.2725 per share. This is a positive change from Intel’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.26. This represents a $1.09 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.02%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 3rd. Intel’s dividend payout ratio is 49.29%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Sandhill Capital Partners LLC Has $662,000 Stake in Intel Co. (INTC)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/sandhill-capital-partners-llc-has-662000-stake-in-intel-co-intc.html. Several equities research analysts have issued reports on the stock. Sanford C. Bernstein set a $36.00 price objective on shares of Intel and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, January 28th. BNP Paribas set a $39.00 price objective on shares of Intel and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, January 28th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reiterated a “positive” rating on shares of Intel in a research note on Monday, January 30th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Intel in a research note on Monday, January 30th. Finally, Raymond James Financial, Inc. reiterated an “underperform” rating on shares of Intel in a research note on Monday, January 30th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned a hold rating and twenty-seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $40.05. In other news, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 72,172 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.21, for a total transaction of $2,541,176.12. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 549,091 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $19,333,494.11. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 79,051 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.49, for a total value of $2,884,570.99. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 394,406 shares in the company, valued at $14,391,874.94. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 273,023 shares of company stock worth $9,898,612. 0.09% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Intel Intel Corporation is engaged in designing and manufacturing products and technologies, such as the cloud. The Company’s segments are Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group (NSG), Intel Security Group (ISecG), Programmable Solutions Group (PSG), All Other and New Technology Group (NTG). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Why Long-Term Investors Should Prefer NVIDIA Over Intel There may not be a better example of the changing of the guard taking place in tech than what’s happening with Intel and NVIDIA. The old guard — Intel — remains the largest and most profitable semiconductor company in the world, though Qualcomm has vied for that crown once or twice in the past decade. NVIDIA is the ascendant challenger, though by no means a new company itself. And though NVIDIA’s $63 billion market cap remains much smaller than Intel’s $167 billion valuation, their more recent trading histories speak volumes about the trajectories of each business. Importantly, Intel’s planned $15.3 billion buyout of self-driving-car chip designer Mobileye changes the outlook for the stodgy chipmaker to a meaningful degree. Even taking that into account, though, NVIDIA still remains a better stock than Intel to own today for long-term tech investors. NVIDIA is just getting started Thanks to its multiple significant growth drivers, NVIDIA appears poised to grow at above-average rates for many years to come. Though its gaming segment contributes the majority of its revenue, NVIDIA’s true growth drivers lie in two segments: data center and auto. Its data center platform houses NVIDIA’s artificial intelligence (AI) computing chips, which have emerged as the go-to standard among many of the world’s foremost developers of AI software — Alphabet, Baidu, Facebook, and more. Revenue from the data center segment more than doubled last year, and the market is in many regards just taking shape. By 2020, researcher IDC estimates that AI software will have surged to reach $47 billion in sales, and NVIDIA seems like a fairly safe bet to power the majority of this software. In its automotive segment, the company continues to press forward at an impressive clip. Revenue in the segment increased by 52% last year, which, again, low-balls its eventual growth potential. The company has partnered with many of the foremost pioneers in the space — including Tesla, Baidu, Honda, BMW, and many more — which should help pave the way for revenue growth to accelerate as autonomous vehicles become increasingly popular in the 2020s. Moreover, NVIDIA continues to improve on its current technologies and forge new partnerships, which should help the chipmaker maximize its market share and profits in future years. In the past several weeks, NVIDIA announced partnerships with Bosch and PACCAR, each of which touch on previously unexploited areas of the automotive industry for NVIDIA. As such, its multiple mass-market growth drivers make NVIDIA a better long-term growth stock than Intel, despite savvy recent maneuvers from the world’s largest chipmaker. At Howard James we can help you prioritize which goals matter most to you and your family Whether that’s transitioning to the next generation, customizing financial strategies that help you pursue desired outcomes, or simply providing advice and guidance to help you stay informed. We are experts in the people business and understand the meaning of long lasting relationships. Our team has a complete understanding of our Partners’ businesses and goals. These relationships are more often than not developed over long periods of time. Because of this, we are able to confidently and accurately allow our investors the opportunity to invest in profitable ventures which otherwise would not be available. We only allocate experienced team members to deal with our investors. With a deep knowledge of the focus, expectations and trends of the global investor group. Salesforce Tower, 110 Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4AY, United Kingdom This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Magnetoresistive Sensors Market Revenue, Key Players, Supply-Demand, Investment Feasibility and Forecast 2022 Next PostNext Fusion Art is Now Accepting Entries for the 2nd Annual „Animal Kingdom” International Online Juried Art Competition Search Recent Posts Geminae Releases Icons, A Collection of Vintage-Inspired Reversible Clothes Rxcalculations Launches Pharmaceutical Calculations Mobile Application Following Strong sales, Karma Mobility Unveils New Website Green Root Tea Launches a New Line of Tea that Shakes up the Industry Eosera™ Unveils Earwax MD To Hearing Aid Centers Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Macquarie Initiates Coverage on Intel Co. (INTC) Healthequity Inc (HQY) Coverage Initiated at Cantor Fitzgerald General Motors Company (GM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Tigress Financial Accelerize Inc (ACLZ) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Sanford C. Bernstein Reiterates “Underperform” Rating for Intel Co. (INTC) Sophos Group PLC (SOPH) Earns Sell Rating from Analysts at Shore Capital Stagecoach Group plc (SGC) Earns “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for Saga PLC (SAGA) Saga PLC (SAGA) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates Neutral Rating for Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Earns “Neutral” Rating from BNP Paribas Brokers Issue Forecasts for Intertain Group Ltd.’s FY2017 Earnings (IT) Shore Capital Reiterates “house stock” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Shore Capital Reaffirms not rated Rating for Armadale Capital PLC (ACP) DNB Financial Corp (DNBF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Dunelm Group Plc Unspon (DNLMY) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avinger Inc (AVGR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” First Connecticut Bancorp Inc (FBNK) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Buy Rating for Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Alcobra Ltd (ADHD) Given Hold Rating at Cantor Fitzgerald Sanford C. Bernstein Reiterates “Underperform” Rating for Intel Co. (INTC) April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC)‘s stock had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by equities research analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein in a note issued to investors on Thursday. They presently have a $30.00 target price on the chip maker’s stock. Sanford C. Bernstein’s target price would suggest a potential downside of 16.83% from the company’s previous close. Other equities analysts have also issued reports about the stock. B. Riley reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $44.00 price target on shares of Intel in a report on Friday, January 27th. BNP Paribas set a $39.00 price target on shares of Intel and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, January 28th. Pacific Crest reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a $43.00 price target on shares of Intel in a report on Friday, February 10th. Needham & Company LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Intel in a report on Friday, February 10th. Finally, Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Intel in a report on Saturday, February 11th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have issued a hold rating and twenty-seven have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $40.05. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) opened at 36.07 on Thursday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $35.82 and a 200 day moving average price of $36.12. The company has a market capitalization of $170.54 billion, a PE ratio of 17.01 and a beta of 1.03. Intel has a 52-week low of $29.50 and a 52-week high of $38.45. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The chip maker reported $0.79 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.75 by $0.04. Intel had a net margin of 17.37% and a return on equity of 20.95%. The business had revenue of $16.40 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $15.75 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.74 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 10.1% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts anticipate that Intel will post $2.80 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Shareholders of record on Sunday, May 7th will be issued a dividend of $0.2725 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 3rd. This is a positive change from Intel’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.26. This represents a $1.09 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.02%. Intel’s dividend payout ratio is 49.29%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Sanford C. Bernstein Reiterates “Underperform” Rating for Intel Co. (INTC)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/sanford-c-bernstein-reiterates-underperform-rating-for-intel-co-intc.html. In other Intel news, EVP Diane M. Bryant sold 55,821 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $36.34, for a total transaction of $2,028,535.14. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 72,172 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.21, for a total transaction of $2,541,176.12. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 549,091 shares in the company, valued at $19,333,494.11. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 273,023 shares of company stock worth $9,898,612. 0.09% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in INTC. PacWest Financial Management Inc raised its stake in shares of Intel by 0.6% in the third quarter. PacWest Financial Management Inc now owns 98,558 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $3,721,000 after buying an additional 605 shares during the last quarter. Naples Global Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of Intel by 4.7% in the third quarter. Naples Global Advisors LLC now owns 58,624 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $2,213,000 after buying an additional 2,629 shares during the last quarter. Cobiz Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Intel by 4.9% in the third quarter. Cobiz Investment Management LLC now owns 19,149 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $723,000 after buying an additional 896 shares during the last quarter. Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund raised its stake in shares of Intel by 63.1% in the third quarter. Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund now owns 2,069,890 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $78,138,000 after buying an additional 800,453 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Salem Capital Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Intel by 1.9% in the third quarter. Salem Capital Management Inc. now owns 163,029 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $6,154,000 after buying an additional 3,000 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 65.90% of the company’s stock. Intel Company Profile Intel Corporation is engaged in designing and manufacturing products and technologies, such as the cloud. The Company’s segments are Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group (NSG), Intel Security Group (ISecG), Programmable Solutions Group (PSG), All Other and New Technology Group (NTG). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Macquarie Initiates Coverage on Intel Co. (INTC) Healthequity Inc (HQY) Coverage Initiated at Cantor Fitzgerald General Motors Company (GM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Tigress Financial Accelerize Inc (ACLZ) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Sanford C. Bernstein Reiterates “Underperform” Rating for Intel Co. (INTC) Sophos Group PLC (SOPH) Earns Sell Rating from Analysts at Shore Capital Stagecoach Group plc (SGC) Earns “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for Saga PLC (SAGA) Saga PLC (SAGA) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates Neutral Rating for Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Earns “Neutral” Rating from BNP Paribas Brokers Issue Forecasts for Intertain Group Ltd.’s FY2017 Earnings (IT) Shore Capital Reiterates “house stock” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Shore Capital Reaffirms not rated Rating for Armadale Capital PLC (ACP) DNB Financial Corp (DNBF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Dunelm Group Plc Unspon (DNLMY) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avinger Inc (AVGR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” First Connecticut Bancorp Inc (FBNK) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Buy Rating for Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Alcobra Ltd (ADHD) Given Hold Rating at Cantor Fitzgerald Macquarie Initiates Coverage on Intel Co. (INTC) April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Analysts at Macquarie assumed coverage on shares of Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) in a note issued to investors on Thursday. The firm set an “outperform” rating and a $40.00 price target on the chip maker’s stock. Macquarie’s target price points to a potential upside of 10.90% from the stock’s current price. Several other research analysts have also recently weighed in on the company. Sanford C. Bernstein restated an “underperform” rating and issued a $30.00 price target on shares of Intel in a research note on Thursday. Instinet restated a “buy” rating and issued a $40.00 price target on shares of Intel in a research note on Thursday. Rosenblatt Securities reaffirmed a “sell” rating on shares of Intel in a report on Thursday. Needham & Company LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $43.00 price objective on shares of Intel in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, B. Riley reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $44.00 price objective on shares of Intel in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have issued a hold rating and twenty-seven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Intel presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $40.05. Shares of Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) opened at 36.07 on Thursday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $35.82 and its 200-day moving average price is $36.12. The stock has a market cap of $170.54 billion, a PE ratio of 17.01 and a beta of 1.03. Intel has a one year low of $29.50 and a one year high of $38.45. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The chip maker reported $0.79 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.75 by $0.04. Intel had a return on equity of 20.95% and a net margin of 17.37%. The firm earned $16.40 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15.75 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.74 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 10.1% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts anticipate that Intel will post $2.80 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Shareholders of record on Sunday, May 7th will be given a dividend of $0.2725 per share. This represents a $1.09 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.02%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 3rd. This is a boost from Intel’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.26. Intel’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 49.29%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/03/macquarie-initiates-coverage-on-intel-co-intc.html. In other news, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 79,051 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.49, for a total transaction of $2,884,570.99. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 394,406 shares in the company, valued at approximately $14,391,874.94. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, EVP Stacy J. Smith sold 29,497 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, January 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $36.76, for a total value of $1,084,309.72. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 244,734 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $8,996,421.84. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 273,023 shares of company stock worth $9,898,612 in the last ninety days. Insiders own 0.09% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the stock. HighPoint Advisor Group LLC raised its stake in shares of Intel by 1.5% in the third quarter. HighPoint Advisor Group LLC now owns 36,790 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $1,288,000 after buying an additional 556 shares in the last quarter. Court Place Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of Intel by 2.1% in the third quarter. Court Place Advisors LLC now owns 128,070 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $4,835,000 after buying an additional 2,638 shares in the last quarter. Raymond James Trust N.A. raised its stake in shares of Intel by 3.6% in the third quarter. Raymond James Trust N.A. now owns 214,209 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $8,086,000 after buying an additional 7,374 shares in the last quarter. Albion Financial Group UT raised its stake in shares of Intel by 237.5% in the third quarter. Albion Financial Group UT now owns 80,767 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $3,049,000 after buying an additional 56,838 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Korea Investment CORP raised its stake in shares of Intel by 13.3% in the third quarter. Korea Investment CORP now owns 3,427,798 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $129,399,000 after buying an additional 402,824 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 65.90% of the company’s stock. About Intel Intel Corporation is engaged in designing and manufacturing products and technologies, such as the cloud. The Company’s segments are Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group (NSG), Intel Security Group (ISecG), Programmable Solutions Group (PSG), All Other and New Technology Group (NTG). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
NZ New Zealand Australia Forums Log in Forgotten password? Join now Home News Videos Reviews Previews Features Screenshots Podcast Game Servers Sponsored Introducing Corsair One, the first fully built gaming PC from Corsair One rig, four flavours. Gameplanet Staff 3 April 2017, 12:29 pm ▰ 9 comments Tweet Corsair has announced its first fully built gaming PC, the Corsair One. Designed to deliver premium PC performance in an incredibly small package, Corsair One brings together decades of Corsair memory, cooling, power supply, and chassis engineering with the latest in cutting edge PC hardware to create a PC unlike anything else available. Powered by the latest 7th Generation Intel Core Processors, the Intel 200 Series chipset and an Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 or GTX 1070 graphics card, Corsair One wields the performance of a top-end full-size PC, contained in a system that’s small enough to fit into any desktop, living room or VR setup. Quiet, compact, and with the performance of full-size desktop PC, this is the ONE. "With over 22 years powering the world’s best PCs, we knew now was the right time to bring together all our knowledge to create a truly exceptional PC," said Corsair CEO and founder Andy Paul. "Corsair One is the result – unbelievably compact, quiet and with incredible performance, it changes what people will expect from a high-end PC." From its milled aluminum exterior to subtle blue integrated lighting, Corsair One changes what PC enthusiasts should expect from a pre-built gaming PC. Every part has been specifically designed and selected to fit the high-end hardware and cooling of a full-size desktop PC into an incredibly compact system that’s only 12L in volume. Measuring just 200mm x 176mm x 380mm, Corsair One fits perfectly onto a gaming desktop, performance workstation or Premium VR showcase, delivering high-end performance with a minimal footprint. Thanks to an integrated liquid-cooling system, Corsair One is designed to balance power with extremely quiet operation, even at full load. A revolutionary assisted convection cooling system draws air through a pair of passive 240mm radiators*, combining liquid-cooling with a Corsair magnetic levitation ML-140 fan to exhaust heat through the case’s milled aluminum top. The result is lower temperatures with minimal noise, allowing both the CPU and GPU to clock higher, for longer. While it’s compact and quiet, Corsair One boasts the very latest in premium PC hardware, from leaders in PC hardware. "We’re pleased to see Corsair extend their core capability from a high-performance enthusiast PC components supplier to an enthusiast-class system OEM," said general manager for Intel’s client channel business Joel Christensen. "The Corsair One is an example of how Intel’s latest 7th Generation Core Processors fosters PC platform innovation. The Corsair One blends a compact form factor and high performance into an elegant design that pushes the boundaries for gaming form factors." Corsair One comes ready to deliver fantastic PC, 3D and VR experiences thanks to a liquid-cooled Intel Core i7 7700 CPU and air-cooled GeForce GTX 1070 8GB, while Corsair One Pro takes performance to the next level with dual liquid-cooling for both an Intel Core i7 7700K and GeForce GTX 1080 8GB. The rest of Corsair One's internals are a list of must-haves for a modern PC: fast SSD storage in either 240GB, 480GB or 960GB options, roomy 1TB or 2TB HDD, an 80PLUS Gold SFX PSU, Z270 motherboard with USB 3.1 type C and 16GB of trusted Corsair VENGEANCE LPX 2,400MHz DDR4. What’s more, Corsair One uses only industry standard sized components, so when it’s time to upgrade through Corsair’s network of certified upgrade centers, it’s easy to keep your Corsair One cutting edge. Corsair has been building the parts to make the world’s best gaming PC for over two decades, so when it came to building its first full system, it was clear that it would come loaded with not just all the essentials every gamer needs, but also none of the bloat they don’t. Pre-installed games launchers from Steam, Origin, Good Old Games, Battle.net and Uplay make getting your games installed quick and easy, all within a clean 64-bit Windows 10 Home operating system, and with no sponsored browsers, applications or anti-virus. "We’re delighted to welcome Corsair‘s fully-built Corsair One to the Windows 10 family of devices," said Microsoft vice president of U.S. OEM Gary Fowle. "The liquid-cooled Windows 10 desktop is VR-ready and great for Xbox Play Anywhere, and its small form factor creates a number of exciting opportunities for casual or hardcore gamers." Featuring the best from Corsair, Intel, Nvidia, Microsoft and more, Corsair One is the desktop PC that’s been more than 20 years in the making. Whether you use your PC to battle, explore or create, this is the ONE. *Dual Radiator Corsair One PRO only, Corsair One uses a single 240mm radiator. Specifications Corsair ONE: Processor: Intel Core™ i7 7700, 4.2GHz Max Turbo Frequency, Liquid-Cooled Graphics Card: NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 1070 8GB, Boost Clock 1,721MHz, Base Clock 1,531MHz, Air Cooled Memory: 16GB Corsair VENGEANCE LPX 2,400MHz Storage: Corsair FORCE LE 240GB SSD, 1TB HDD Motherboard: Custom MSI Z270 Mini-ITX PSU: Corsair SF400 80PLUS GOLD SFX Chassis: Black, Aluminum, VR-Ready OS: Windows 10 Home and future Microsoft updates Corsair One PRO: Processor: Intel Core™ i7 7700K, 4.5GHz Max Turbo Frequency, Liquid-Cooled Graphics Card: NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 1080 8GB, Boost Clock 1,771 MHz, Base Clock 1,632MHz, Liquid-Cooled Memory: 16GB Corsair VENGEANCE LPX 2,400MHz Storage: Corsair FORCE LE 480GB SSD, 1TB HDD Motherboard: Custom MSI Z270 Mini-ITX PSU: Corsair SF400 80PLUS GOLD SFX Chassis: Black, Aluminum, VR-Ready OS: Windows 10 Home and future Microsoft updates Corsair One PRO (Corsair WEBSTORE EXCLUSIVE): Processor: Intel Core™ i7 7700K Liquid-Cooled, 4.5GHz Max Turbo Frequency Graphics Card: NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 1080 8GB Liquid-Cooled, Boost Clock 1,771 MHz, Base Clock 1,632MHz Memory: 16GB Corsair VENGEANCE LPX 2,400MHz Storage: Corsair FORCE LE 960GB SSD Motherboard: Custom MSI Z270 Mini-ITX PSU: Corsair SF400 80PLUS GOLD SFX OS: Windows 10 Home and future Microsoft updates Chassis: Black, Aluminum, VR-Ready Corsair One PRO GTX 1080 Ti (Corsair WEBSTORE EXCLUSIVE): Processor: Intel Core™ i7 7700K, 4.5GHz Max Turbo Frequency, Liquid-Cooled Graphics Card: NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 1080 Ti 11GB, Liquid-Cooled Memory: 16GB Corsair VENGEANCE LPX 2,400MHz Storage: Corsair FORCE LE 960GB SSD Motherboard: Custom MSI Z270 Mini-ITX PSU: Corsair SF500 80PLUS GOLD SFX Chassis: Black, Aluminum, VR-Ready OS: Windows 10 Home ◆ This post was sponsored by Corsair ▰ 9 Tweet Latest 15:51 Dire Wolves are in the LoL OPL Grand Final – here's who could join them 12:09 Psychedelic survival title We Happy Few is getting made into a film 09:10 Saints Row studio details Agents of Mayhem, which is out in August New Zealand and Australia states to battle it out in LoL League of Origin Hi-Rez reality show to find a new shoutcaster ▰ 14 Hardware company Mad Catz has filed for bankruptcy ▰ 13 CD Projekt seems keen to make another Witcher ▰ 3 Total War: Warhammer II announced with four new races, far west setting ▰ 5 Oculus founder Palmer Luckey has left the company ▰ 8 Dean Hall returns to Early Access with Stationeers, a hardcore space sim ▰ 8 Destiny 2 confirmed for Sept 8 on consoles and PC ▰ 4 BioWare to address Mass Effect: Andromeda feedback next week Subscribe Don't miss a thing - get the day's top gaming stories blasted into your brain every evening. Recently Popular News Thursday Star Wars Battlefront 2 reveal coming April 16 At Star Wars Celebration 2017. ▰ 9 News Yesterday Hardware company Mad Catz has filed for bankruptcy Third-party now no party. ▰ 14 News Yesterday CD Projekt seems keen to make another Witcher "We are rational people." ▰ 13 News Friday Dean Hall returns to Early Access with Stationeers, a hardcore space sim Wants to avoid repeating mistakes of past. ▰ 8 Injustice 2 – Introducing Catwoman trailer Paragon – Morigesh launch trailer Agents of Mayhem – Bad Vs Evil trailer Fire Emblem Echoes: Shadows of Valentia – Two Armies trailer Mario Sports Superstars – Nintendo 3DS soccer trailer The Fall Part 2: Unbound story trailer PlayStation VR – Brand New Experiences trailer Stellaris: Utopia feature breakdown dev diary Batman: Arkham VR – PC announce trailer My Space Van announcement trailer The Elder Scrolls Online: Morrowind – Battlegrounds PvP highlights Hacknet Labyrinths trailer War Thunder – Rank IX trailer The Great Whale Road release trailer Total War Warhammer 2 announcement cinematic trailer Ironsights mini-doco trailer Rocket League – The Fate of the Furious trailer FlatOut 4: Total Insanity launch trailer Outcast – Second Contact debut trailer Prey – Neuromod Research Division trailer Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series trailer ▰ 1 Wipeout Omega Collection pre-order trailer Injustice 2 – It’s Good To Be Bad trailer Thimbleweed Park launch trailer ▰ 3 See more videos... Comments 9 View forum thread Show comments Popular Discussions ▬ 1409 [N7] New Mass Effect Andromeda{no spoilers} ▬ 1548 Tom Clancy's The Division ▬ 105 Battlegrounds ▬ 83 Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands. ▬ 124 [Banjo Kazooie/RARE forums] Yooka Laylee Kickstarter. ▬ 4997 Gaming General Discussion Thread ▬ 4757 What are you currently playing? (screenshots) ▬ 80 Crowfall breaks $6M in funding, starts new test session ▬ 39 Call of Duty: WW2 ▬ 9256 Good deal thread Podcast The Gameplanet Show – Mass Effect: Andromeda A galaxy far, far away. ▰ 12 Review Mass Effect: Andromeda PC review Chris weighs in on BioWare's latest. ▰ 45 Review Mass Effect: Andromeda review A new galaxy awaits. ▰ 59 Review The more, the merrier in Ghost Recon Wildlands Gettin' lit up in Bolivia. ▰ 12 Review Styx: Shards of Darkness review A goblin edgelord. ▰ 12 Video Feature Watch us cheese our way through this early Mass Effect: Andromeda battle Adventures of the Pathfaffer. ▰ 7 Our Sponsors About Editorial policy Privacy policy Contact us Copyright © 2000-2017 Gameplanet (NZ) Ltd. All rights reserved. ☄RSS Feed Follow @Gameplanet Gameplanet Network New Zealand Australia
null
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times World Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Comment Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World April 3 2017 Save Print Trump-Russia: Top Democrat Adam Schiff accuses White House of trying to distract from investigation Ashley Parker 13 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Washington: Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, on Sunday accused both the White House and the Republican chairman of the Intelligence Committee of attempting to "distract" from the congressional investigation into whether Russia meddled in the 2016 presidential election. Last month, Chairman Devin Nunes, a Republican, made a point of racing to the White House to brief President Donald Trump on intelligence he had viewed that, he said, showed that some Trump campaign officials had been caught up in the government's surveillance of foreign nationals and that their identities had perhaps been improperly unmasked. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Britain to protect Gibraltar 'all the way' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:37 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 00:58 Intel Committee begins Russia ... Intel Committee begins Russia interference hearing Senator Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, says he won't prejudge the probe into the possible links between the Trump campaign and Russia, saying "We are seeking to determine if there's an actual fire where there's clearly a lot of smoke." Up Next Britain to protect Gibraltar 'all the way' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:37 Video duration 01:37 Britain to protect Gibraltar 'all the way' Britain to protect Gibraltar 'all the way' British Defence Secretary Michael Fallon vows to protect Gibraltar after the European Union offered Spain a right of veto over Gibraltar's future relations with the bloc. Vision courtesy: BBC's Andrew Marr show, Sky News - Sophy Ridge on Sunday Up Next Passengers flee Russian metro blast Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:12 Video duration 01:12 Passengers flee Russian metro blast Passengers flee Russian metro blast An explosion tore through a train carriage on the St Petersburg metro system, killing at least 11 people and injuring dozens more on Monday. Up Next Huge warehouse fire destroys trucks and cars Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:58 Video duration 00:58 Huge warehouse fire destroys trucks and ... Huge warehouse fire destroys trucks and cars A massive blaze in Opa-locka, Florida destroys trucks and cars before 22 fire units are able to get it under control. Up Next Stakes high as China's president heads to US Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:44 Video duration 01:44 Stakes high as China's president heads to ... Stakes high as China's president heads to US US President Donald Trump will push China to take action against North Korea and the US-China trade deficit when he meets his Chinese counterpart, President Xi Jinping, for the first time. Up Next The human microchip is here Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:25 Video duration 01:25 The human microchip is here The human microchip is here Implanted under the skin, a Swedish company is offering human microchips to their employees to replace keys and cards, but at what cost to their privacy? Up Next Dog rescued from 10-metre well Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:30 Video duration 00:30 Dog rescued from 10-metre well Dog rescued from 10-metre well Video captures a Southern California rescue crew saving a 13-year-old Welsh terrier named Lucy from a well 10-metres deep. Up Next Democrats set to block Trump nominee Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:02 Video duration 02:02 Democrats set to block Trump nominee Democrats set to block Trump nominee US Democrats amass enough support to block a senate confirmation vote on President Donald Trump's Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch, but Republicans vow to change the senate rules to ensure the conservative judge gets the lifetime job. More videos Intel Committee begins Russia interference hearing Senator Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, says he won't prejudge the probe into the possible links between the Trump campaign and Russia, saying "We are seeking to determine if there's an actual fire where there's clearly a lot of smoke." News reports later revealed, however, that at least three senior White House officials were involved in handling the intelligence information that Nunes had received - prompting an outcry from Democrats, and even some Republicans, that Nunes had politicised his committee. They said Nunes was simply acting on behalf of the president to try to buttress Trump's earlier claims, on Twitter, that former president Barack Obama had wiretapped Trump Tower during the election campaign. Related Content Ivanka and Jared on perilous ethical grounds Flynn asks for immunity to testify before Congress So far, the White House has been unable to provide any evidence to support the president's assertion. Speaking on CNN's State of the Union, Schiff said Nunes and the White House's actions proved that they were trying to distract from the broader question of what role, if any, Russia had played in the US election. Advertisement "It certainly is an attempt to distract and to hide the origin of the materials, to hide the White House hand," Nunes said. "The question is, of course, why? And I think the answer to the question is this effort to point the Congress in other directions, basically say, 'Don't look at me, don't look at Russia, there is nothing to see here.' You know, I would tell people, whenever they see the president use the word 'fake,' it ought to set off alarm bells. And I think that is really what has gone on here." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Representative Adam Schiff, a California Democrat. Photo: Bloomberg Schiff, who last week went to the White House to view the same intelligence files Nunes had originally seen, also disputed the administration's claim, including from press secretary Sean Spicer, that the files were produced "in the ordinary course of  business." "Well, the question for the White House and for Mr. Spicer is the ordinary course of whose business? Because, if these were produced either for or by the White House, then why all of the subterfuge? There's nothing ordinary about the process that was used here at all." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link President Donald Trump  Photo: AP Schiff also said that he has a "very healthy scepticism" of former national security adviser Michael Flynn's offer to cooperate with congressional investigators in exchange for immunity. "There is a lot we need to learn before entertaining anything like this," Schiff said. "We don't want to do anything that will interfere in any case that the Justice Department may decide to bring. We also have to determine whether he really can add value to our investigation, whether we need him to learn information we can't learn from other sources. So, it's very early, I think, even to be considering this." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes. Photo: AP Asked about Nunes's original claim, that some Trump campaign officials were improperly unmasked in intelligence documents, Schiff declined to comment. "At this point, I can't say whether anything was masked or unmasked improperly," he said. He also said he was not prepared to answer one of the central questions his committee is investigating: whether Trump campaign officials colluded with Russians to damage Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and her campaign. "I don't think we can say anything definitively at this point," Schiff said. "We are still at the very early stage of the investigation. The only thing I can say is that it would be irresponsible for us not to get to the bottom of this." Washington Post ﻿ Related Content Is Rex Tillerson a Foggy Bottom novice, or just low-key? Advertisement Most Popular The secret meeting that established Trump-Putin back channel Japan's protest over Korean 'comfort woman' statue over for now 'Jaw jaw not war war': May hoses down talk of war with Spain Kingsgate seeks compensation from Thailand over Chatree mine closure Trump's son-in-law, Kushner, flies into Iraq with top US general Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World The secret meeting that established Trump-Putin back channel Commuters killed in blast at Russian train station 'Jaw jaw not war war': May hoses down talk of war with Spain Trump's son-in-law, Kushner, flies into Iraq with top US general US ready to act alone over North Korea Canberra Times Canberra losing grip on public service Australian restaurants suffering the MasterChef curse The secret meeting that established Trump-Putin back channel Student reveals terrifying ordeal after carload of men chased her home Cox on the politicians we shouldn't vote for The Sydney Morning Herald Calombaris' restaurants underpaid staff $2.6m Sorry folks, this ain't no property bubble 'She just became disoriented': schoolgirl went missing during camping trip Despair as TV viewer costs golfer major title The secret meeting that established Trump-Putin back channel The Age Company told hours after Essendon DFO crash that plane was in its name Sorry folks, this ain't no property bubble Calombaris' restaurants underpaid staff $2.6m Slow and steady, Hawks losing the race? Most see car parks, but this guy sees a tiny house Brisbane Times Wild weather did not stop Brisbane council issuing parking fines Sorry folks, this ain't no property bubble Brisbane storm clean-up continues: worst-hit areas revealed Tripling of Brisbane units since turn of the century consigns backyards to history Man charged with murder after Holland Park West stabbing WA Today Meth addict aunt on trial accused of encouraging husband to sexually abuse 6yo niece WA teacher who indecently recorded dozens of kids revealed 'The worst position in Freo's history': Paul Hasleby slams Dockers Perth home prices rise after three-year decline, data shows 'She just became disoriented': schoolgirl went missing during camping trip Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Join IEEE | IEEE.org | IEEE Xplore Digital Library | IEEE Standards | IEEE Spectrum | More Sites Follow on: Advertisement Engineering Topics  Special Reports  Blogs  Multimedia  The Magazine  Professional Resources  Search  Nanoclast Semiconductors Processors Intel Now Packs 100 Million Transistors in Each Square Millimeter By Rachel Courtland Posted 30 Mar 2017 | 16:00 GMT Photo: Intel I’ll admit it: journalists like milestones. Nice round numbers and anniversaries make for good headlines. So my ears certainly perked up on Tuesday when Intel said that it can now pack more than 100 million transistors in each square millimeter of chip “for the first time in our industry’s history,” said Kaizad Mistry, a vice president and co-director of logic technology at the company. Delivering more transistors in the same area means the circuitry can be made smaller, saving on cost, or it means that more functionality can be added to a chip without having to make it bigger.  The news came during Intel’s first Technology and Manufacturing Day, a behind-the-scenes look at the company’s latest chip classes and packaging technology, and another opportunity for the chipmaker to declare that Moore’s Law is alive and well—at least for Intel.  “All these things are difficult, but once they’re done they seem normal. And that’s the magic of Moore’s Law.” – Intel’s Kaizad Mistry The nice round 100 million milestone (100.8 million, to be exact) belongs to Intel’s latest-and-greatest chip generation: 10 nanometers. For those uninitiated in semiconductor lingo, the 10 nm designation is a reference to the “node” or manufacturing technology used to make such chips. As a general rule, the smaller the number, the denser the circuitry. But even though node names look like measurements, today the numbers don’t really correspond to the size of any particular feature and there can be significant variation between companies. When I wrote about Intel’s 10-nm plans in our January issue previewing the coming year in technology, the company was not yet ready to say much publicly about the specific dimensions of the transistors. This week, they were more forthcoming with figures [pdf]: it’s 34 nm from one fin to the next in the company’s FinFET transistors and 36 nm from one wire to the next in the most dense interconnect layers (down from 42 nm and 52 nm, respectively, in the previous, 14-nm chip generation). Shorter distances such as these mean that 10nm chips can pack significantly more transistors in a given area. The 100 million density figure comes from a metric that Intel senior fellow Mark Bohr has proposed the industry resurrect, in order to better compare chipmaker offerings. Instead of measuring a chip manufacturing generation by an area taken up by a certain component or set of components, Bohr proposes that we instead measure chip generations by their transistor density—in particular, by the number spit out by an equation that combines the transistor density in a standard 2-input NAND cell and a scan flip-flop logic cell.  Image: Intel Ten years ago, the state-of-the-art for Intel was 3.3 million transistors per square millimeter. And by that metric, Bohr says, Intel has more than doubled its transistor density in recent years. From 22nm to 14nm, the transistor density jumped by a factor of 2.5x. And in the move from 14-nm to 10-nm chip manufacturing technology, the jump was 2.7x, from 37.5 million transistors per square millimeter to more than 100 million. Crucially, the company says, the 10-nm transistors have the capacity for higher speed and greater energy efficiency than their predecessors (although, when I spoke with Bohr late last year, he said the focus lately has been on the latter).  It remains to be seen whether the industry will agree that the new metric is a meaningful one. In comments to EE Times, one analyst said transistor count over a larger area, closer to the size of a real chip, would be a more relevant metric. And an unnamed spokesperson from rival chipmaker TSMC told the site: “I have no idea how Intel does its new calculation...for example, its [first-generation 14nm CPU] Broadwell used to have 18.4 million transistors per mm squared, yet under the new measure it suddenly has 37.5 million transistors per mm2. Are they trying to play paper games?” Not so fast, says Intel. After this story originally posted, a company representative wrote to IEEE Spectrum to stress the difference between talking about a chip’s transistor density and this metric, which is designed to assess the capabilities of a manufacturing node. “Simply taking the total transistor count of a chip and dividing by its area is not meaningful because of the large number of design decisions that can affect it–factors such as cache sizes and performance targets can cause great variations in this value,” Bohr wrote in his proposal, titled “Let’s Clear Up the Node Naming Mess.” Even if there is room to quibble over that specific 100 million figure, Intel is also saying that it is more than doubling transistor density with each new chip generation—and that this more aggressive level of miniaturization helps to counteract the slower cadence that has recently set in with respect to the introduction of each new generation. On balance, Intel said, the company is still on a pace that roughly corresponds to a doubling of transistor density every couple of years. Intel calls the suite of strategies it uses to accomplish this more-than-doubling “hyperscaling.” It includes design improvements, but a big piece is the company’s approach to laying down the patterns that ultimately become the chip’s transistors and wiring, which Intel fellow Ruth Brain outlined in her talk [pdf].  With its 14-nm chips, Brain said, Intel began using a strategy called self-aligned double patterning (SADP). SADP is a form of multiple patterning, a range of strategies that can be used to make chip features much smaller than the 193-nm light that is used to print them by splitting the patterning process into multiple steps. Image: Intel At Intel’s 10 nm, the fins that form the current-carrying transistor channel are taller, more closely spaced, and also a bit nicer looking than in previous chip generations.  Other companies, Brain said, use a simple multiple patterning approach that essentially prints the same pattern multiple times, offset slightly. But that technique relies on a lithography machine’s ability to pinpoint the same spot for each exposure, and variability in this process can degrade chip performance and lower the number of usable chips produced. SADP splits up the patterning in a different way, to sidestep this “overlay” issue. With 10-nm chips, Intel as adopted self-aligned quadruple patterning (SAQP), a similar approach that requires four passes through a lithography machine. Mistry says SAQP has one more generation in it, which would take Intel down to the feature sizes needed to produce the next generation: 7 nm.  Somewhere in there, we may just see extreme ultraviolet (EUV) lithography enter the picture. EUV uses 13.5-nm radiation (pretty much X-rays) instead of 193-nm ultraviolet light for feature patterning. But back to the present and that 100 million transistors per square millimeter figure. It’s easy to underplay the engineering feats that go into making that sort of milestone (assuming it stands the test of time) possible. “You know one of the remarkable things about Moore’s Law is that Moore’s Law’s past seems preordained and ordinary, and Moore’s Law’s future is difficult and requires inventions,” Mistry told IEEE Spectrum.  Now, he says, the FinFET transistor seems par for the course, but it wasn’t when Intel introduced the technology in 2011. “All these things are difficult, but once they’re done they seem normal,” he adds. “And that’s the magic of Moore’s Law.” This article was updated on 31 March to add a response from Intel to the comments from TSMC and to correct a caption. Learn More Intel Moore's Law chip industry lithography logic chips photolithography semiconductor design semiconductors Comments Comment Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="http://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a> Comments powered by Disqus Advertisement Nanoclast IEEE Spectrum’s nanotechnology blog, featuring news and analysis about the development, applications, and future of science and technology at the nanoscale. Subscribe to RSS Feed Follow @thenanoclast     Editor Dexter Johnson Madrid, Spain Contributor Rachel Courtland New York City   Semiconductors The Intel-ARM Core War Competition between Intel and ARM chips in everything from PCs to mobile phones is heating up12 Jan 2012 Semiconductors The Origins of Intel's New Transistor, and Its Future A Q&A with Chenming Hu, coinventor of both the FinFET and its likely competitor9 May 2011   Semiconductors Intel Finds Moore’s Law’s Next Step at 10 Nanometers In 2017, the company will exploit its manufacturing edge to create a new generation of chips 30 Dec 2016 Advertisement Semiconductors Intel Tries, Tries Again Having come up empty with its 2.5G-cellphone chip, the chip giant needs to score big with its 3G alliance1 Jan 2005 Computing Intel Puts Security Front and Center Intel's $7.7 billion purchase of software security firm McAfee makes more sense than some give it credit for1 Sep 2010   Semiconductors Speck-Size Computers: Now With Deep Learning Michigan labs’ “micromotes” aim to make the IoT smarter 28 Mar   Semiconductors X-rays Map the 3D Interior of Integrated Circuits With X-ray ptychography, researchers take the first step toward being able to easily map a chip for reverse engineering 17 Mar   Semiconductors To Get AI in Everyday Gadgets, Engineers Go to Specialized Hardware Energy-efficient, deep-learning processors are what's needed to make smart phones, wearables, and other consumer electronics smarter 14 Feb   Robotics Millimeter-Scale Computers: Now With Deep-Learning Neural Networks on Board University of Michigan "micromotes" aim to make the Internet of Things smarter without consuming more power 10 Feb   Semiconductors HPE's New Chip Marks a Milestone in Optical Computing The experimental 1,000-component optical processor is made for challenges like the “traveling salesman problem” 2 Jan   Semiconductors Large Number of Atoms Trapped In an Array Bolsters Quantum Computing Optical Tweezer Techniqe Holds 50 Atoms in Place for Several Seconds 8 Nov 2016   Semiconductors Leading Chipmakers Eye EUV Lithography to Save Moore’s Law Intel, TSMC, and other chipmakers weigh extreme ultraviolet lithography, which may be ready by 2018 31 Oct 2016   Semiconductors Breaking the Multicore Bottleneck Simple hardware speeds core-to-core communication 28 Oct 2016   Semiconductors New System Could Break Bottleneck in Microprocessors Turning burdensome software into simple hardware speeds core-to-core communication in microprocessors 12 Sep 2016   Semiconductors Transistors Could Stop Shrinking in 2021 A key industry report forecasts an end to traditional scaling of transistors 22 Jul 2016   Semiconductors Full-Duplex Chip Will Create a Wireless Bandwidth Bonanza A full-duplex chip—one that can send and receive simultaneously—could double phone-network data capacity 28 Jun 2016   Computing China's New Supercomputer Is World's Most Powerful The 93-petaflop Sunway TaihuLight takes the top ranking 20 Jun 2016   Transportation NXP's BlueBox Bids To Be The Brains of Your Car Everyone want to supply the brains to tomorrow's cars—because that's where the money is 16 May 2016   Computing Advanced Research Projects from DARPA's Pentagon Demo Day DARPA shows off all of its cool new toys 12 May 2016   Computing IBM Puts a Quantum Processor in the Cloud The company hopes access to the five-qubit chip will help people learn to "think quantum" 4 May 2016 Topics Aerospace At Work Biomedical Computing Energy Gadgets Geek Life Green Tech Robotics Semiconductors Telecom Transportation Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ RSS IEEE Spectrum Contact Us About Newsletters Reprints & Permissions IEEE Partners Advertising & Media Center IEEE Job Site Buyer’s Guide The Magazine Subscribe Now Digital Download © Copyright 2017 IEEE Spectrum Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Opting Out of Cookies | Accessibility | Nondiscrimination Policy Join IEEE About IEEE Conferences & Events Education & Careers Membership & Services Publications and Standards Societies & Communities © Copyright 2017 IEEE — All rights reserved. Use of this Web site signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions. A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Technology Security has to be built-in into Smart Cities, Digital India, other e-governance schemes: Intel Security Group’s Christopher Young Security has to be built-in into Smart Cities, Digital India, other e-governance schemes: Intel Security Group’s Christopher Young In September 2016, Intel and TPG announced an agreement under which the two parties will establish a newly formed, jointly owned, independent cyber security company. By: Sudhir Chowdhary | Published: April 3, 2017 5:24 AM In September 2016, Intel and TPG announced an agreement under which the two parties will establish a newly formed, jointly owned, independent cyber security company. In September 2016, Intel and TPG announced an agreement under which the two parties will establish a newly formed, jointly owned, independent cyber security company. The new company will be called McAfee following transaction close, planned for this month. “When we spinoff as McAfee, we will be one of the largest cyber security players in the market,” says Christopher Young, senior vice-president, general manager, Intel Security Group. With smartphones becoming an integral part of our connected lives, it is important consumers realise threats that exist in the digital world and understand how to safeguard their valued data, he tells Sudhir Chowdhary in an interaction. Excerpts: What is your perspective on the Indian market because the government is pushing to streamline public service offerings? I think it’s exciting in a lot of ways because it’s going to digitise many different aspects of life which will help the Indian consumers in some ways leapfrog more developed economies in terms of what they can do. You can already see that some of the payments and financial transactions, e-commerce capabilities that are available on the mobile device here in India are more forward-looking compared to what we have in the West. How can Intel Security Group partner with the government in these initiatives? We spend a lot of time with the government and in some cases, we are a trusted adviser to the government. We work with them around the threat landscape and we also sell to the government as well. We had a good growth business, we grew 20% last year here. I expect we will see double-digit growth in this market for the course of the next several years. You might also want to see this: I think security has to be built into some of the government initiatives, such as Smart Cities, Digital India and a host of e-governance progammes. As we build our digital infrastructure, whether its cloud infrastructure and the data center or mobile infrastructure, security has to be part of it. It has to be part of the architecture and has to be part of the product set. It’s one of the reasons why we just made the Micromax announcement. As the mobile device is becoming more core to the user experience in India, we just believe that integrating security into that experience out of the box makes a big difference on protecting the consumer. What are some of the biggest security threats perceived by consumers globally? Consumers are worried about viruses. They worry about malware. Increasingly, they are worried about ransomware. The problem is most consumers aren’t that well aware of what the risks really look like. So they rely on security providers. They rely on governments and on others to anticipate what could go wrong for them and to find ways to protect them. That’s a good example of what we are doing with Micromax, what we generally do across our portfolio and consumers. We try to bring security to the experience that they already have. We try to integrate it in as many places as we possibly can, because we know that consumers are not security experts. India is ranked fairly high as vulnerable to cyber attacks. Any suggestions to overcome these challenges? Every country has critical infrastructure vulnerabilities and India is not unique in that respect. We are all chasing and fighting against the cyber security problem and it’s a dynamic model. I think that there is no silver bullet answer; there is not a specific thing you can do to fix every problem. The most important thing is leadership paying attention to it, rewarding good decision-making, and emphasis on cyber security is the first step to improving everything across the board. Tell us something about Intel Security, its growth globally in recent years and in India as well. When we spinoff as McAfee, we will be one of the largest cyber security players in the market. I like to joke that we will be an over $2 billion start-up because we will be a new company, but relatively large in size. We have a robust portfolio. One of the things that makes us unique is we protect consumers as well as businesses and government. So we cut across the entire spectrum of people and places to protect and we are one of the best in the industry doing that. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Shell companies crackdown: ED arrests G D Reddy and K Liakath Ali Prime Minister Narendra Modi mourns vocalist Kishori Amonkar's death; shares film based on her UN wants attackers of Africans in India brought to justice US to ensure UN imposes sanctions on terrorists: Nikki Haley Government exceeds FY17 tax collection target at Rs 17.10 lakh crore Yogi Adityanath government following BJP manifesto to lead UP towards development: BJP Chinese President Xi Jinping gets ready for face off with Donald Trump Pakistan, China, Afghanistan dominated Mattis-Doval meet: US defence official Delhi: Students at government, MCD schools waiting for textbooks Nalini Netto, Kerala's new Chief Secretary, is the 4th woman to hold the top post: 6 things to know about this 'fearless' 1981 batch IAS officer! Ajmer Dargah head asks Muslims to give up beef Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News सीनियर एडवोकेट राम जेठमलानी बोले-गरीब क्लाइंट समझकर मुफ्त में लड़ूंगा अरविंद केजरीवाल का मुकदमा ईवीएम पर लग रहे आरोपों के जवाब में चुनाव आयोग का ओपन चैंलेज- आओ और गड़बड़ी साबित करो PM नरेंद्र मोदी में विदेशी निवेशकों ने दिखाया भरोसा, 1991 के बाद पहली बार रिकॉर्ड FDI से हो रही वित्तीय घाटे की भरपाई Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Handhelds  »  Wearables  »  Review Review: New Balance RunIQ by  Andrew Williams  |  Tuesday 4 April 2017  | Comment Now Rating Overall: 25 Sporty features can’t disguise the fact that this is an uninspiring smartwatch. Supplier New Balance Price $449 AUD > Pricing info Tweet Email this Print this Feedback It's New Balance by name, but old and uneven by nature... This year’s theme for Android Wear is…watches you can wear while you run. But, wait for it, you don’t need to take your phone with you either. Killer feature, right? It should be, but the New Balance RunIQ isn’t a patch on a dedicated runner’s watch when you start using it out on the street. Or the track. Or the moors. Wherever. It’s clunky, the battery life is not good and it runs an outdated version of Android Wear. It looks a bit cooler than a Garmin Forerunner, but if you’re really buying this for the sporty side, you’d be better off with one of those dedicated trackers. Especially when the New Balance RunIQ costs $449.95. NEW BALANCE RUNIQ DESIGN: SUPERMASSIVE BLACK HOLE New Balance has picked a very moody look for the RunIQ. It’s all-black, and the fine details get sucked into this little wrist-worn black hole. For example, there are little blips around the watch face at the usual 5-minute marks of a watch face. It’s no biggie if you like an ultra-simple look, and the New Balance RunIQ doesn’t have the try-hard look of the Huawei Watch 2. The entire watch body is made of finished steel, making it hard as nails. The RunIQ is also chunky, particularly as the face of the thing is pretty large thanks to the generous 1.39in screen. Obvious luxury isn’t really the aim, but there are no complaints about how expensive or well-made the watch feels. It’s also water resistant to 5ATM, meaning you can wear it in the shower or swimming pool if you like. The strap doesn’t really emphasise the high-end build because, like most sport watches, it’s rubbery rather than leathery. There are dozens of little hearts cut out of the silicone to let it breathe and I’m glad the pure black look downplays this. Hearts are fine, but if they were obvious they’d look odd on what is otherwise the watch equivalent of the weights section of a gym. The RunIQ has three buttons on its side. One looks like a dial, but they’re just buttons. The top one starts the exercise app, the middle one is a wake/sleep button and the bottom one fires-up Google Play Music. It’s unusual for a Wear watch to make a big deal of music, but the RunIQ is available with a Bluetooth sport headset. New Balance works the upsell angle like a pro. NEW BALANCE RUNIQ PERFORMANCE: OFF THE PACE New Balance has also teamed-up with Intel to make this watch. It uses the Intel Atom Z34XX CPU, rather than the more popular Qualcomm Snapdragon breed. There aren’t any good benchmark tools for Android Wear to let us find out quite how peppy this processor really is, but in person the results aren’t great. Sometimes swipes and taps don’t seem to register properly, apps seem to take a while to load, the responsiveness of the buttons is poor. Coming from using the Huawei Watch 2, the New Balance RunIQ feels slow. It’s often annoying, although I put a good chunk of the blame for this on the software. Google has already released Wear 2.0 and it’s a huge improvement, but the New Balance RunIQ still runs bad old Android 1.5 at the moment. It’s less intuitive, more complicated, uglier and less useful. This is a watch designed for occasional use without your phone, but it’s Wear 2.0 that introduced next-gen standalone apps. Returning to the old version of Wear is an unpleasant blast from the past. It's a mess, but at least the RunIQ is one of the watches that's been confirmed to be getting Wear 2.0. NEW BALANCE RUNIQ SCREEN: THE DIM PORTHOLE The New Balance RunIQ does at least have a big screen. It’s 1.39in across and uses an OLED panel, the best kind for a watch. Resolution is 400x400, for a pixel density of 287ppi. Thanks to the inner workings of the screen it looks a bit fuzzy close-up, but at the sort of distance you’ll actually hold the New Balance RunIQ, it’s sharp. I’ve been trying to work out if the watch has an ambient light sensor, and if it does, it’s not used anywhere near enough. Used out on a bright day the screen is almost invisible unless you use the Brightness Boost function. And that turns off after a few seconds anyway, leaving you in the (relative) dark. Using the New Balance RunIQ out on a bright summer run isn’t much fun. The most important question, does it have the fitness chops to make it worthwhile? Not really... NEW BALANCE RUNIQ FITNESS FEATURES: HIT AND MISS The New Balance RunIQ has its own fitness app and watch faces, designed to hook up with Strava to give your data somewhere to go. It’s only designed to accommodate outdoor running and cycling, though, so if you want to track gym sessions or other sports you’ll have to investigate another app. As you run or ride you can look at your distance, speed and time on the main screen. Flick to the left and right and you can check out your heart rate, cadence and lap times. Swipe down and you get music playback controls. There aren’t lots of on-watch music player options with Wear yet, so you have to use Play Music. If you’re running with a phone, though, the playback controls of whatever app you use end up in here. As usual, run with your phone connected and the mobile’s GPS will be used. Leave the phone at home and the New Balance RunIQ’s own GPS chip kicks in. It works pretty well, with much better results than I got from the Huawei Watch 2. Tracking accuracy isn’t pin-point, but it seems to lock on within a few seconds, letting you start a run without missing on the first 200m. I’m disappointed the whole thing feels so clumsy, though. A lack of phone-like immediacy is to be expected when you’re using a runner’s watch that hasn’t had scores of dev working on the interface for years, but the slow, intermittent unresponsiveness of the RunIQ is not what I'd expect from what should be a next-gen tracker. As is the norm with this sort of watch, the New Balance RunIQ has a heart rate sensor, an optical model with two green LEDs and a sensor in-between. And, similarly common, its performance isn’t reliable. Let it track over an hour-long session and it might get you a reasonably believable average bpm figure. But I use an HR sensor to see if that feeling of my heart trying to escape my rib cage really relates to a super-elevated heart rate when running, and for that sort of snapshot look, it’s not much use. The results just aren’t accurate. NEW BALANCE RUNIQ BATTERY LIFE: MARATHON STAMINA (JUST) The RunIQ also only has just about enough battery to last through a marathon, with a quoted five hours of GPS tracking. As I tend to run 2-5K at a time rather than 26 miles, I tried this out with a walk rather than a mammoth run, and sure enough the battery level ran down pretty quickly. You’d be lucky to get the quoted five hours when using the maxed-out screen brightness needed to make the display visible outdoors on a bright day. For more conventional Android Wear use, the New Balance RunIQ lasts about a day, but not much more. It’s not one of the longer-lasting smartwatches, despite having a decent 410mAh battery. You charge it using a little docking plate. It looks like a wireless charger, but actually has a set of metal pins that connect to a series of metal points on the back of the watch. Charging takes a couple of hours: nothing special there. The RunIQ may come from a sports brand, but its sporty USPs are pretty thin. You get the dedicated watch face and app, but this only really amounts to a veneer in-between your watch and Strava. With any GPS-equipped Wear 2.0 watch you can use Strava’s own standalone app for the same results. This wouldn’t matter so much if the New Balance RunIQ was a great Wear watch in its own right, but it isn’t. As long as you don’t mind the chunky shape the design is fine, but it already feels out of date thanks to the dated Wear software and generally quite poor performance. NEW BALANCE RUNIQ VERDICT Android Wear watches are becoming more autonomous, and that’s great news if you like the idea of a smartwatch that works as a proper, marathon-tracking sport watch. The New Balance RunIQ is all up for the standalone concept, but is too dated in other respects to pull it off. Wear watches simply can’t launch with pre-2.0 versions of the software anymore, and the difference is compounded by oddly wonky performance here. We’re likely to see several better takes on this concept in 2017. But if exercise tracking is your real goal, a dedicated runner’s watch is still a better idea. Related Reviews Review: Android Wear 2.0 Review: Suunto Spartan Sport Review: Withings Steel HR is a stylish smartwatch Source: Copyright © Stuff.tv See more about:  android wear  |  new balance  |  review  |  runiq  |  smartwatches   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   NOTE: You must be a registered member of PC & Tech Authority to post a comment. Click here to login | Click here to register More in Wearables (1 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: JBL Under Armour Sport Wireless Heart Rate << Prev Next >> View all Wearables articles >> More in Wearables (2 of 10 articles) FEATURE How to: Make the most of Android Wear 2.0 << Prev Next >> View all Wearables articles >> More in Wearables (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Beyond fitness trackers: How can tech make a bigger impact on our health? << Prev Next >> View all Wearables articles >> More in Wearables (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Tag Heuer’s modular Android Wear watch is the king of face-swapping << Prev Next >> View all Wearables articles >> More in Wearables (5 of 10 articles) NEWS This wearable upgrades your whole hand to snowflake status << Prev Next >> View all Wearables articles >> More in Wearables (6 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Huawei Watch 2 is a little disappointing << Prev Next >> View all Wearables articles >> More in Wearables (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Fitbit's latest wearable sticks a heart rate tracker in a tiny shell << Prev Next >> View all Wearables articles >> More in Wearables (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Half-marathon runner disqualified following fitness-tracker investigation << Prev Next >> View all Wearables articles >> More in Wearables (9 of 10 articles) FEATURE What we know: Huawei Watch 2 << Prev Next >> View all Wearables articles >> More in Wearables (10 of 10 articles) NEWS Strava's Apple Watch app lets you ride free without your iPhone << Prev Next >> View all Wearables articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest Competitions   Win!!! A Galax GTX 1070 EXOC SNPR White video card! Get some gaming PC power for your next PC upgrade!   Latest in Wearables News Beyond fitness trackers: How can tech make a bigger impact on our health? Review Review: New Balance RunIQ Feature How to: Make the most of Android Wear 2.0 From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero What's new in Windows 10's Creators Update How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? Tip: Your shop can use a smartphone instead of an EFTPOS terminal How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Oracle could be considering acquisition of Accenture: report CSC and HPE Enterprise Services new company launch date revealed Who partied at CRN Pipeline Melbourne? Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia Cirrus Networks acquires NGage Technology Group The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 It's over: Banks lose Apple Pay fight PwC Australia's move to 'cloud-only' IT Qantas cancels launch of free inflight wi-fi Behind the scenes of Telstra's mission-critical cloud migration 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege The rise and fall of Warhammer games Interview: Stardock's Brad Wardell on the return of Star Control First Thoughts: New-to-franchise player vs Mass Effect Andromeda About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Entertainment Attack On Titan's Season 2 Opener Is More Of The Same Computer Learns To Create Its Own Pokemon, And They're Great Jake And Finn Return To A Radically Different Land Of Ooo In The First Look At Adventure Time: Elements The Joker, The Riddler And All Of Batman's Villains Are Going To War With Each Other Esports The Weekend In Esports: Gears Of War Goes To The Beach Madden Pro Trips Over His Own Players Dueling Dota 2 Pocket Picks Culminate In Bananas Comeback Everything To Watch Out For In Australian Esports Xbox We Need To Talk About Mass Effect: Andromeda's Ending 5 Thoughts After Playing Destiny For The First Time In Months Superman Isn't The Only Bad Guy In Injustice 2 Rockstar Releases Busted GTA Online Car That Costs Nearly A Million In-Game Dollars PlayStation Jak And Daxter Are Back (Kinda) Persona 5 Is A Great Entry Point For Series Newcomers Spend Some Quality Time With Nier: Automata's Director Dark Souls Trolling Hits New Peak With Giant Door Deaths Nintendo The Hardest Things About Trying To Speedrun Breath Of The Wild Five Ways Nintendo Could Fix Breath Of The Wild's Clunky Interface Legendaries Do Not Ruin Competitive Pokemon Link's Best Breath Of The Wild Outfits Are The Simplest PC Ark: Survival Evolved Horse Taming Is Almost Exactly Like Zelda's Mod Brings Crysis' Nanosuit To Grand Theft Auto 5 Valve's Steam Survey: Windows 10 Is Popular, VR Is Not Here's Some Early Benchmarks With The Ryzen 5 1400 CPU Mobile The 12 Best Games For The iPad The Best Samsung Galaxy S8 Plans From Every Aussie Telco New Tom Clancy Mobile Game Is Clash Royale With Sniper Rifles You Can Play Ms Pac-Man In Google Maps Right Now In Real Life That Feudal Japan Miniatures Game Just Raised $5.5 Million Sometimes It's Best To Quit A Game While You're Still Having Fun In Their War With The Wall Street Journal, Top YouTubers Just Played Themselves Off Topic: The Best Fast And Furious Movie Retro The Original StarCraft Holds Up Surprisingly Well ScribbleTaku Speedrunner Gets Sabatoged By His Own Twitch Chat During Super Mario 64 World Record Attempt ScribbleTaku Toggle navigation Entertainment Esports Xbox PlayStation Nintendo PC Mobile In Real Life Retro The Original StarCraft Holds Up Surprisingly Well The Hardest Things About Trying To Speedrun Breath Of The Wild In Their War With The Wall Street Journal, Top YouTubers Just Played Themselves Five Ways Nintendo Could Fix Breath Of The Wild's Clunky Interface Valve's Steam Survey: Windows 10 Is Popular, VR Is Not Alex Walker Apr 4, 2017, 10:30am ⋅ Filed to:  Australian Stories steam steam survey valve Share Image: Valve Steam has finally published its latest findings across its gargantuan platform, and as you'd expect there's some interesting tidbits about millions upon millions of gamers who use the service. Windows 10 has finally reached the tipping point Image: Supplied It took a while, but Windows 10 has finally reached the point of no return. The 64-bit version of the OS was used by 50.15% of respondents, which is nearly twice the amount of users that have refused to move off Windows 7. Interestingly, despite being universally admonished as total garbage and getting bugger all support from developers, 0.1% of users surveyed were still using Windows Vista. Sounds like some cheeky office workers sneaking Nidhogg and Spelunky onto their office PCs, if you ask me. The adoption rate of VR ... isn't much The Vive's more popular than the Rift, but probably not because of Paris Hilton. Both the HTC Vive and Oculus Rift became a little more popular from February to March, with little being the operative word. The Rift's userbase jumped by 0.02% among respondents to 0.13%, while the Vive remained top dog with 0.24% (up by 0.01%) of respondents owning the Newell-sanctioned headset. The survey didn't outline any other competitors bar the devkit variations of the Rift, however, although it's difficult to imagine the userbase of headsets like StarVR, OSVR and LG's prototype challenging the Rift or Vive anytime soon. NVIDIA's GTX 970 is still the most popular gamer GPU Whether it's a system playing predominately DirectX 10, 11 or 12 games, the end result is the same: NVIDIA's GeForce GTX 970 is the most popular GPU among enthusiast gamers. It's not the most common GPU across the whole platform - that's the HD 4000, the integrated GPU that shipped with Intel's Ivy Bridge CPUs around 2012 and early 2013. But for gamers who want something a bit more, the GTX 970 is the way to go. It's the top GPU amongst DX10, DX11 and DX12 systems, with the affordable GTX 960 runner up for older PCs. For PCs on Windows 10 playing DX12 games, the GTX 1060 and GTX 1070 have become the second and third most popular GPUs. The results are a good snapshot of what PCs use the further you go down the list: there are more people, for instance, running the mobile variant of the GTX 960 than the high-end GTX 1080. The GTX 970 is also the most popular GPU among Linux users, beating out the HD 4000 and HD 4400. As for AMD's Polaris GPUs? The RX 480 is only used by 0.70% of respondents on Windows 10 PCs, and 0.81% of respondents on all variants on Windows. The real interesting part here is where the HD 7700, HD 7900 and HD 8800 GPUs, cards that are five and four years old respectively, was more commonplace in the survey than last year's RX 480. For PC gamers, that's a long time between upgrades. Intel is getting more popular - for now Image: Supplied Nearly 80% of respondents were using an Intel CPU, a 1.46% bump from the previous year. That's a substantial chunk of the market, but it's also worth considering that the AMD Ryzen CPUs only launched in market at the start of the month. Most importantly, the Ryzen 3 and 5 series CPUs aren't available yet. And those are the CPUs targeted at the biggest chunk of gamers on Steam: just over half of respondents were using a system with only 4 CPUs, with almost 44% on a system with only 2 CPUs. Given that the Ryzen 1700, 1700X and 1800X are targeted at developers, streamers, desktop workstations and gamers who dabble in between all three, it wasn't likely that Steam's survey would reflect any kind of shift towards AMD in the March results. (Only 0.32% of users surveyed was using a hexacore PC, which gives you an indication of what the PC market really looks like.) We'll get a better idea of how the Ryzen CPUs are received across Steam towards the end of the year, when all of the Ryzen CPUs have begun to disseminate throughout the market. Nearly 18% of people don't know whether they have a microphone Image: Kotaku/Mike Fahey This one says more about the people using their system than the survey, I think. Needless to say, 17.93% of those surveyed weren't sure about whether they could spout profanities to their fellow gamers on Steam. 18.67% of people knew for sure they didn't have a microphone at all - or just preferred to say they didn't. Nearly 1% of Steam users are still using Windows XP God bless your souls, you fine people. WATCH MORE: PC Gaming News Comments vaegrand @vaegrand Apr 4, 2017, 10:35am 970 is a pretty solid card, I am completely unsurprised. Reply 0 mypetmonkey @mypetmonkey Apr 4, 2017, 10:50am My little 670 still troopering on! I am the 0.41% Reply 0 vaegrand @vaegrand Apr 4, 2017, 10:55am Filthy sub-human, six series user. :P Reply 0 coastal @coastal Apr 4, 2017, 12:38pm 660 here. Not even sure if it's the Ti version at the moment. Reply 0 snoweee @snoweee Apr 4, 2017, 10:48am Wow, twice the amount of people are using XP than the Vive and the Rift combined. Let's hope that tech can be saved by other industries. Reply 0 leigh @leigh Apr 4, 2017, 11:10am Virtual Reality (how weird is it to actually type that out, the term has been overtaken by its own abbreviation) has been riding a wave of good PR, for a long time. It's just not cutting through. The peripheral (no pun intended...... :D ) distractions like Luckey/etc should be largely ignored in favour of decent software to take advantage of the amount of chatter in the games press/streaming communties surrounding it. But that's not happening. Instead of continually trying to charm us with VR, I hope we get to see more people talk about why it continues to fail so spectacularly. For years, publishers and the press were falling over themselves to build up the 'identity' aspect of the console/pc industry and foster communities so we could all band together and play everything that had multiplayer bolted on, and then we got system-level tat like achievements and trophies to show off to all our paying subscriber mates. Now, they've gone the other direction: You. All alone. Wearing that headset. Emotional. Personal. Solitary. I don't know the exact name for this weird about-face, but as someone in the audience I think it's called whiplash. Reply 0 Zombie Jesus @zombiejesus Apr 4, 2017, 11:17am Lost opportunity to say "VR has had good PR". 50 DKP minus. Reply 0 lichbane @lichbane Apr 4, 2017, 2:18pm It didnt help that the community that has fractured around the two main headset are acting like a bunch of monkeys throwing poo at each other. Not only does it make the technology look immature, but the community too. But it is very much an enthusiast's market right now. As long as companies keep putting investment into improving the tech, the rest will follow. As as for being solitary, not so much. Apps like Bigscreen Beta allow virtual LANS. The more users out there, the more opportunity for sharing experiences. Reply 0 Gooky @mrtaco Apr 4, 2017, 4:24pm I don't see how there is any kind of about-face at all. Both involve sitting at home alone playing games in solitude - all the multiplayer that was being pushed was online, not splitscreen. In fact it's one of the bigger problems facing VR games at the moment - there are way too many games that are multiplayer-focused (no AI = much easier to make), but the install base isn't large enough to support so many different multiplayer games so it's often pretty hard to find a match if you want to play something that isn't the latest and greatest. Reply 0 thyco @thyco Apr 4, 2017, 11:20am VR's problem is that its still to expensive and the fact that its a Peripheral thats being treated as seperate consoles with exculsives because of 2 gigantic arsehole companies refuse to play nice Reply 1 edenist @edenist Apr 4, 2017, 1:38pm Only Occulus has engaged in anti-competitive behaviour such as proprietary APIs and bribing developers for hardware exclusivity. I'd argue it's only one gigantic arsehole company. Reply 0 lichbane @lichbane Apr 4, 2017, 2:28pm And Steam's API is proprietary as well. It is not open source ... it is open licence as well. Big difference. And does not support all functions of the Rift, such as ASW. As for the "bribing developers" .... it's called FUNDING DEVELOPMENT. It's something that Valve doesn't do. Developers have got to eat too, you know. And if their funding development, there has to be a payoff. If that means timed exclusives, then rhats a small price to pay. Reply 1 Zombie Jesus @zombiejesus Apr 4, 2017, 3:42pm The implementation is proprietary, the API is open source under BSD. Anyone can write their own implementation if they want to. Reply 1 lichbane @lichbane Apr 4, 2017, 4:45pm And yet the core is tightly controlled by Valve. I'll wait for OpenXR which is an implementation that is not controlled by a single entity. Reply 0 edenist @edenist Apr 4, 2017, 4:28pm https://uploadvr.com/serious-sam-oculus-offered-shitton-money-rift-exclusivity/ It's not "funding development" when the game's already been developed for both platforms by a reputable, stable developer. I understand their are serious costs in software development, and for many people everything is on the line getting the product out the door with no guarantee on return. That was not the case here. It's one thing for Occulus to pay for content to be created for their platform [and, sure, exclusivity is a reasonable assumption of said paid development]. It's another to throw money at an already developed game for it to be made exclusive on their platform. Regarding the API, I was going to link to the openVR github page, but @zombiejesus beat me to it. Reply 0 lichbane @lichbane Apr 4, 2017, 4:50pm If a company can afford to fund the software development on their own, then great! Croteam could afford it. Other developers can't. As such, there is a lot more VR content out there now than there would be otherwise. As I pointed out with the core of the API, Valve still controls it. OpenXR will at least be controlled by more than one entity .... and Valve and Oculus will have an equal stake. Reply 0 h0bkn0b @h0bkn0b Apr 4, 2017, 1:49pm I'm surprised there are so many machines packing an HD4000. What are they playing? Is solitaire on steam? Reply 0 edenist @edenist Apr 4, 2017, 1:58pm Lies, damn lies, and statistics..... You can make many an argument based on interpretation of stats. It's pretty easy to paint a picture from this article that the average "enthusiast" gamer is sporting an Ivy Bridge i5/7 + 970, a pretty powerful PC when new, all the while being welcoming of the move to windows 10. Looking a bit further into the details, a different picture can be seen. The most standout for me is desktop resolution. Sure, most popular is 1920x1080 at 45.26%, but in second place is 1366 x 768 at 23.26%. That screams entry-level laptop for sure. This also ties into the top GPU stats. The 970 may be the most popular external, discrete GPU, but tying it to much else is a bit of a stretch. The top 4 most popular GPUs are all intel integrated GPUs, and account for 50% of the total. Now, that may be skewed a little if it counts both an IGP as well as a discrete, but I'm pretty sure the survey only takes the one being used for the primary display. The most popular VRAM amount is 1GB! Either way, seems to me the average gamer runs an entry-level laptop they have for school or work, with an integrated GPU and most likely shipping with windows 10. That's more than enough to play most games at decent speeds [particularly at 1366 x 768 resolution]. Dota 2, CSGO and the like will run more than well on such systems. It's a long way from someone running a 970. Reply 0 Zombie Jesus @zombiejesus Apr 4, 2017, 4:08pm Either way, seems to me the average gamer runs an entry-level laptop You probably don't want the average on bracketed data like this, the median is more useful. For screen resolution the median is in the 1920x1080 bracket (only 48.14% of users have resolutions below that) so the median gamer is running 1920x1080. The reason you probably don't want the average is because the average screen resolution is 1703x980 (which is closer to 1920x1080 than it is to 1366x768). You can't average the GPU brackets at all unless you assign them numeric scores somehow, but you can find the median (which I'm not going to do because there are way too many of them to bother). We can kinda see whether the median is in a mobile or desktop GPU though - 15.67% of DX12 GPUs are mobile, and DX12 GPUs make up 74.76% of all GPUs. To be able to hit the median mobile would need another 38.2% of total share but only 25.24% of GPUs are non-DX12 - in short, it's guaranteed that a desktop GPU is the median GPU, I'm just not sure which one specifically. Reply 0 edenist @edenist Apr 4, 2017, 4:19pm The term "average" doesn't really work here I suppose. A more accurate term would be the "majority" of users are using integrated graphics on a laptop. Reply 0 Zombie Jesus @zombiejesus Apr 4, 2017, 4:35pm I understand what you mean, I did outline why the data doesn't support that though. Out of all GPUs surveyed, 63% are desktop DX12 GPUs which puts laptop GPUs in the minority. The 1366x768 resolution is an interesting one but it turns out there are quite a lot of desktop monitors that have that native resolution. They're dirt cheap and I'd never buy one myself, but it could account for some of that 23.26% resolution share. Reply 0 over30yearsofsharing @over30yearsofsharing Apr 4, 2017, 2:38pm 'Free' Windows 10 upgrade vs a couple grand for the VR experience i wonder why 1 is more popular then the other Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Marvel VP Of Sales Blames Women And Diversity For Sales Slump Beth Elderkin 03 Apr 2017 9:00 AM Marvel Comics aren't doing well. Sales have declined, even as Marvel has pushed out every major event and crossover it can over the past two years. In a recent interview during the Marvel Retailer Summit, Marvel VP of Sales David Gabriel decided to ignore all the problems and criticism in order to place the blame on diversity. Valve Says They're Making Big Changes To Steam To Stomp Out 'Fake Games' Nathan Grayson 04 Apr 2017 8:00 AM Recently, Valve had two popular YouTubers, John "TotalBiscuit" Bain and Jim "Jim Sterling" Sterling, visit their offices. Over the course of a day-long series of meetings, the company laid out a roadmap for the future of Steam. Want Kotaku's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: How VPNs Can Protect Your Online Privacy Deals: Build The Game Of Your Dreams With This Unity 3D Training Deals: Stream Your Favourite Content For Life Without Geo Restrictions Deals: Boost Your Mac's Functionality With This App Bundle Trending Articles 1 Marvel VP Of Sales Blames Women And Diversity For Sales Slump 2 Valve Says They're Making Big Changes To Steam To Stomp Out 'Fake Games' 3 The Original StarCraft Holds Up Surprisingly Well Future Teens Will Probably Have Better Fake IDs Than We Did The Original Ending Of Alien Was Both Terrifying And A Huge Bummer And Here Are Some Samsung Galaxy S8 Accessories For You To Buy Someone Finally Hijacked Deep Learning Tech To Create More Than Nightmares Breath Of The Wild Voice Actor Drops In On Streamer Attack On Titan's Season 2 Opener Is More Of The Same Ark: Survival Evolved Horse Taming Is Almost Exactly Like Zelda's Mod Brings Crysis' Nanosuit To Grand Theft Auto 5 Think Of Budgeting As A Habit, Not A Task TV Tech Showdown: Samsung 4K QLED Vs LG 4K OLED Mexico May Not Be The Best Holiday Destination Right Now Lessons From Apple's Decision To Make Its Own GPUs ASOS is actually benefiting from the weak Brexit pound Here's what economists are saying about today's RBA rate decision AUSTRALIAN STOCKS SLIP: Here's what you need to know Traders at Credit Suisse's giant annual Asian investment conference have gone bearish on Australian stocks © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Kotaku International × Log in to Kotaku Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Kotaku User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Kotaku International Kotaku US Kotaku UK Close
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 3 Stocks to Watch in April These three tech giants will need to impress investors with their quarterly results. Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Apr 3, 2017 at 6:56PM A barrage of quarterly earnings reports are coming this month, but the most interesting will be from three tech giants, each with something to prove. International Business Machines (NYSE:IBM), fresh off guiding for a return to earnings growth in 2017, will need to keep the momentum going and continue to expand its cloud business at a breakneck pace. Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), attempting to close a massive acquisition as it faces down multiple lawsuits, has the challenge of convincing investors that its cash-cow licensing business isn't under threat. And Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), which has enjoyed essentially no competition in its core markets in recent years, now needs to find a way to grow in a world where its chips aren't the only option. Here's what to look for in these three upcoming earnings reports. International Business Machines IBM stock has been on a tear since bottoming out in early 2016, gaining nearly 50% and erasing a big chunk of the preceding mult-year decline. IBM has been working for years to transform itself for the cloud computing era, divesting and de-emphasizing legacy businesses while investing in growth businesses like cognitive computing and analytics. When the company reports its first-quarter results after the market closes on April 18, investors will be looking for continued signs of progress. Image source:IBM. Analysts aren't expecting IBM to return to revenue growth this year, with the average estimate calling for a 1.6% decline during the first quarter and a 1.5% decline in 2017. But the company does expect to return to earnings growth. Along with its fourth-quarter report in January, IBM guided for adjusted earnings of at least $13.80 per share, up from $13.59 in 2016. IBM should reaffirm that guidance on April 18, barring any surprises. IBM's strategic imperatives, which include all of the company's major growth businesses, accounted for 41% of total revenue during 2016. Investors will be looking for continued double-digit growth, although that will become more difficult as the numbers get bigger. IBM's cloud business should also continue to expand quickly. During 2016, cloud delivered as a service reached an $8.6 billion annual revenue run rate, up 61% year over year. IBM's turnaround is now showing tangible progress. The company will need to keep giving investors good news for the gains of the past year to stick. Qualcomm There's a lot going on with mobile chip giant Qualcomm at the moment. The company is working to close its $47 billion blockbuster acquisition of NXP Semiconductors, a deal which, if successful, will make Qualcomm the leading supplier of automotive semiconductor products. At the same time, Qualcomm is facing multiple lawsuits from Apple as well as a complaint from the Federal Trade Commission charging the company with anti-competitive behavior. All of this uncertainty has led the stock to tumble this year, down 13.5% year to date. When Qualcomm reports its fiscal second-quarter results after the market close on April 19, investors will be looking for both updates and reassurances that the company's lucrative licensing business will continue to throw off billions of dollars of profit each year. Analysts are expecting a solid quarter from Qualcomm, calling for 6.8% year-over-year revenue growth and non-GAAP EPS of $1.20, up from $1.04 during the prior-year period. Qualcomm sees a good year for the licensing business ahead, predicting a 7% increase in global 3G/4G device shipments in 2017. With licensing accounting for the vast majority of Qualcomm's pre-tax profit, that should be music to shareholders' ears. Intel When Intel reports its first-quarter results after the market closes on April 27, it will need to convince investors that it can continue to thrive despite the emergence of real competition in both the PC and server chip markets. Advanced Micro Devices launched the first of its Ryzen PC CPUs in March, and it will fill out its lineup with lower-end chips in the coming months. Reviews of Ryzen have been mixed, but the performance gap between Intel and AMD is now narrower than it's been in quite some time. In the server chip market, Intel faces both AMD's upcoming Naples server chips as well as a significant push by the major cloud computing companies to support multiple architectures. Microsoft announced in March that it plans to use ARM server chips in its data centers, and Alphabet's Google announced last year that it was designing a server architecture that supported IBM's Power chips. Analysts are expecting Intel to post both revenue and earnings growth during the first quarter, calling for a 7.3% year-over-year increase in revenue and a 20% increase in non-GAAP EPS. Given all of the threats Intel is now facing, the company's guidance and general outlook will be more important than the headline numbers. Whether Intel can continue to grow earnings in a far more competitive environment is an open question. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Timothy Green owns shares of IBM and NXPI. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends GOOG, GOOGL, AAPL, and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on AAPL and short January 2018 $95 calls on AAPL. The Motley Fool recommends Intel and NXPI. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Tim writes about technology and consumer goods stocks for The Motley Fool. He's a value investor at heart, doing his best to avoid hyped-up nonsense. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @TMFBargainBin Article Info Apr 3, 2017 at 6:56PM Technology and Telecom Stocks IBM NYSE:IBM $174.50 up $0.36 (0.21%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.16 up $0.09 (0.25%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $56.50 down $0.84 (-1.46%) Read More Why Long-Term Investors Should Prefer NVIDIA Over Intel 4 Tech Stocks to Buy with Dividends Yielding More than 3% How IBM Is Getting In on the Cloud in China Here's How Intel Corporation Could Refresh Server Chips in 2018 Intel Corporation’s Exciting Plan to Chop Up Future Chips Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 3 Stocks to Watch in April @themotleyfool #stocks $IBM, $INTC, $QCOM
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO As computing changes, Intel takes a fresh approach to chip design As computing changes, Intel takes a fresh approach to chip design With Intel's new designs, high-performance x86 and ARM CPUs could co-exist on a single chip package Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 04 April, 2017 06:41 - - - - print email Comments For more than 30 years, Intel has made a name with its CPUs, which rule the PC and server markets. Chip advances have helped Intel make devices smaller, faster, and more power-efficient. Computing is now spreading into cars, robots, drones, smart devices, and a wide range of other electronics. Chip requirements have changed with new hardware and applications like artificial intelligence and graphics. Intel is preparing for the future and making big changes in the way it designs chips. It is realizing that CPUs aren't a big enough business model and has acquired a wide variety of chips to put into devices. The company is even researching quantum computers and neuromorphic chips. Intel intends to team up its CPUs with Altera FPGAs in cars and Movidius computer vision chips in drones. It will also use its Nervana deep-learning chips in servers and other devices. Intel will make chips for different types of computers but also offer faster throughput inside its chips with its new design approach. The fresh approach to chip design is necessitated by a slowdown in Moore's Law, and difficulties in making smaller chips. Some applications like AI also need superfast throughput inside chips. One of Intel's changes is a mix-and-match heterogeneous design where different types of cores can be put in a single chip package. Under the new design, it'll be possible to mix different architectures on a single chip. Chip packages could also have cores made using different manufacturing processes. Another technology improvement is the EMIB, or Embedded Multi-die Interconnect Bridge, which allows for the integration of multiple chips inside a single package using a much higher-bandwidth interconnect than alternative technologies. Intel is already using the technology on its Stratix 10 FPGA but will expand it to other chips. With this approach, Intel could put a high-performance ARM and x86 core inside a single chip package. Intel has already been able to do that but the new approach will make communication between the cores much faster. Intel so far has integrated chips into system-on-chip designs. But EMIB is a much faster interface and is also an efficient way to create chips for heterogeneous computing. EMIB provides the opportunity to design chips for a much wider range of devices outside of PCs, said David Kanter, president at consulting firm Real World Technologies. "What's different is when you have different chips to connect together, now you have a way to do that," Kanter said. The alternatives, like silicon interposers, are expensive, Kanter said. EMIB bridges chips with more pins and wires, which gives it much wider bandwidth than a conventional PCI-Express throughput technology, which has power constraints. The technology will come to PCs and servers but only in devices when needed. The throughput on EMIB could into the terabyte range, which most applications don't need, Kanter said. EMIB will also support multiple throughput technologies, paving the way for Intel to put Infiniband and silicon photonics throughput technologies inside its chips. Intel has said it wants to enable cores to communicate using lights and lasers via silicon photonics. The new approach also allows Intel to use cores made of exotic material inside its chips, Kanter said. Intel could connect its x86 chips to a separate core made of III-V material, which could ultimately replace silicon. Ultimately, the new approach to chip development comes down to economics, performance, and power budgets. Systems have thermal constraints on voltage regulation and cooling, and all of these packages need to be able to fit into the economics of chip-making. The EMIB-like integration should work well for furthering AI hardware, assuming the thermals don't constrain the approach. The design allows low-cost changes to the hardware. AI workloads are especially complicated, with large datasets and unpredictable data access patterns. A huge amount of chip connectedness would be just the ticket to compensate for that. For chip designers, the EMIB-like design is also an invitation to design for Intel's x86 CPUs. Intel's conventional x86 CPUs have been a barrier to entry, and it takes a serious investment to even think about trying to compete. Intel is showing signs that external IP can be easily attached to its chips. But attaching external IP hasn't always worked out in chip design, and it remains to be seen if Intel will actually be open to easy integration of external IP. ​CIO Executive Council member profile: Emmanuel Steve Dulvin More from CIO Executive Council Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AlteraARMIntel Editor's Recommendations When will the IT project madness end? Ridley leads charge on 'intelligent built environments' in digital age Regaining trust after a digital government failure Tech dreams come true: Origin’s Kelly Ferguson reveals personal journey Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Accelerating digital business in the 4th industrial revolution Mastering the science of IT spend Read more Silver Peak Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Delivering Quality of Service with Pillar Axiom 600 Latest Jobs Project Coordinator/Administrator NSW Senior Project Manager - Digital / Media NSW Contracts Manager NSW ICT Project Manager NSW Contracts Manager NSW Contracts Manager NSW Head of Architecture, Global Financial Institution NSW Manager Portfolio Planning QLD Delivery Executive SA New Business Lead - Professional Services (Pre-Sales) NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Brugeaud’s app to back blocking of bad booty at the border The laptop is dead Getting prepared for mandatory data breach reporting CMO In pictures: Breakfast - Information governance in a digital world 10 things you may not know about Google New era, new buzzphrase: We're headed for 'Digital Cohesion' CSO Security industry “has failed the customer”, exec concedes as reborn McAfee spruiks consulting, integration growth McAfee is once again an independent company Intel divests McAfee after rough marriage, will now secure hardware Notorious iOS spyware has an Android sibling Banking hackers left a clue that may link them to North Korea Computerworld Australian enterprises face threat from compromised MSPs CBA launches analytics platform for SMBs Justice Dept. says replacing U.S. workers may bring lawsuit Senate bill would pay doctors to use Facetime with patients Android grabs most-popular OS prize from Windows ARN Optus beefs up connectivity and support for the Gold Coast 2018 Commonwealth Games Lenovo launches new data centre partner program in A/NZ ​How vendors can help partners grow in 2017 New local jobs flagged amid DXC Technology launch Windows 7 is in no rush to leave Techworld Intel divests McAfee after rough marriage, will now secure hardware Notorious iOS spyware has an Android sibling New ONOS release helps automate network configuration Banking hackers left a clue that may link them to North Korea As computing changes, Intel takes a fresh approach to chip design CMO ​Coca-Cola data chief on the art of connecting with customers ExactTarget co-founder joins Experian cross-channel marketing division following sale Google, Coles, Cambridge Analytica on harnessing data to offer personalised experiences CMO interview: Why Emarsys’ marketing chief thinks AI will trigger a creativity renaissance Getting prepared for mandatory data breach reporting Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close By Traders For Traders Live Trading News HOME Investments Real Estate Education Strategy Stocks US Stocks Australia OTC Markets Futures Asia Middle East Currencies Commodities Metals Grains Crude Oil FX Politics America Asia Australia Middle East Terrorism Lifestyle Luxury Travel Dubai Health Opinion Shayne Heffernan Paul Ebeling Sports Fishing Formula One Ferrari Horse Racing Formula One NFL Dubai World Cup Contact Us Privacy Policy Free Trial Consulting IR EB5 CrowdFunding Contributors Marketing Metals Race Horse Syndication Monetization of Bank Instruments One Ohana The Deal Sheet Managed FX Asset Management Asia Business Financial Solutions Obama’s Susan Rice Sought Names of Trump Team from Intel By Paul Ebeling on April 3, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Obama’s Susan Rice Sought Names of Trump Team from Intel Last month White House lawyers discovered that the former national security adviser Susan Rice requested the identities of US persons in raw intelligence reports on dozens of occasions that connect to The Trump Transition Team and Campaign. The pattern of Ms. Rice’s requests was discovered in a National Security Council (NSC) review of the government’s policy on “unmasking” the identities of individuals in the US who are not targets of electronic eavesdropping, but whose communications are collected incidentally. Normally, such names are redacted from summaries of monitored conversations. The National Security Council’s senior director for intelligence, Ezra Cohen-Watnick, was conducting the review. In February Mr. Cohen-Watnick discovered Ms. Rice’s multiple requests to unmask US persons in intelligence reports that related to The Trump Transition Teams activities. He then brought the information to the attention of the White House General Counsel’s office, who reviewed more of Ms. Rice’s requests. The intelligence reports were summaries of monitored conversations, primarily between foreign officials discussing The Trump Transition, and in some cases direct contact between members of The Trump Team and monitored foreign officials. The reports contained valuable political information on The Trump Transition such as whom The Trump Team was meeting, the views of President-elect Trump associates on foreign policy matters and plans for his incoming administration. Her role in requesting the identities of Trump Transition Team officials adds an important element to the investigations surrounding the Trump White House since the President’s Inauguration. Representative Devin Nunes (R-CA), is investigating how the Obama White House kept tabs on The Trump Transition after the election through unmasking the names of President-elect Trump’s associates incidentally collected in government eavesdropping of foreign officials. Ms. Rice not spoken directly on the issue of unmasking. This news about Ms. Rice sheds light on the activities of Mr. Nunes in the last 2 weeks. It was learned and reported last week that he traveled to the White House last month just before he declared that The Trump Transition officials were caught up in incidental surveillance. There he viewed computer systems within the National Security Council that included the logs of Ms. Rice’s requests to unmask US persons. Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA) viewed the reports Friday. He has declined to discuss the contents of the reports “Indeed, much about this is highly unusual: if not how the surveillance was collected, then certainly how and why it was disseminated.” said columnist Eli Lake, the former senior national security correspondent for the Daily Beast Ms. Rice did not respond to an e-Mail seeking comment Monday morning.             intelligence, names, NSC, Nunes, Obama, rice, security, team, transition, Trump, unmasking Obama’s Susan Rice Sought Names of Trump Team from Intel added by Paul Ebeling on April 3, 2017 View all posts by Paul Ebeling → The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts Paul Ebeling Paul A. Ebeling, polymath, excels in diverse fields of knowledge. Pattern Recognition Analyst in Equities, Commodities and Foreign Exchange and author of “The Red Roadmaster’s Technical Report” on the US Major Market Indices™, a highly regarded, weekly financial market letter, he is also a philosopher, issuing insights on a wide range of subjects to a following of over 250,000 cohorts. An international audience of opinion makers, business leaders, and global organizations recognizes Ebeling as an expert. Latest posts by Paul Ebeling (see all) Residential Property Sales & Leasing in UAE to be Exempt from VAT - April 4, 2017 President Trump Creating a Lot of Hope in US Economy - April 3, 2017 F1: Will Ferrari Win in China this Weekend too? - April 3, 2017 Related posts: Lots of Donald Trump’s Friends & Associates “Survailled” by Obama and Clinton “Burrowed” Hussein-Obama Holdovers in Our Government to be Purged Barack Hussein-Obama Behind the Unlawful “Deep State” Government Leaking Confirmed, Obama was Spying on Donald Trump Subscribe You must be logged in to post comments :   CONNECT WITH FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAY   Enter Email * First Name * Last Name * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime) Constant Contact Use. By submitting this form, you are granting: heffx, 3 Raffles Place, Singapore, 048617, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy (http://constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement) for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact. Booking.com Category Specific RSS All Topics Stocks FX Politics Horse Racing Opinion Travel Health Asia Business Asset Management Consulting Contact Us Privacy Policy Contributors CrowdFunding EB5 Financial Solutions Free Trial IR Live Trading Room Managed FX Marketing Metals Monetization of Bank Instruments One Ohana Race Horse Syndication The Deal Sheet Copyright 2016 HEFFX.com © 2017, ↑ Live Trading News By Traders For Traders
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Kicking Off April With An Eight-Way BSD/Linux Comparison Written by Michael Larabel in Operating Systems on 3 April 2017. Page 1 of 5. 5 Comments For getting April started, here is a fresh comparison of various BSDs and Linux distributions tested on an Intel Core i7 6800K Broadwell-E box. Tested operating systems included Antergos, Clear Linux, DragonFlyBSD 4.8, FreeBSD 11.0, Scientific Linux 7.3, TrueOS 20160322, Ubuntu 16.04.2 LTS, and Ubuntu 17.04 20170330. Last week using the same intel Core i7 6800K + 16GB DDR4 + Samsung 850 EVO SSD 120GB + GeForce GTX TITAN X system, these eight BSDs and Linux distributions were tested out-of-the-box for a fresh BSD vs. Linux performance look. OpenSUSE Tumbleweed and Debian Testing were left out this round since their latest releases at the time of testing had issues with at least this particular system used during testing. It's quite a straight-forward comparison with all testing driven by the Phoronix Test Suite for automation and reproducibility, so let's get straight to the numbers. Tweet Page 1 - IntroductionPage 2 - BSD vs. LinuxPage 3 - BSD vs. LinuxPage 4 - BSD vs. LinuxPage 5 - BSD vs. Linux Page: 12345Next Page 5 Comments Related Articles Benchmarks & Trying Out DragonFlyBSD 4.8 Trying Out Unity 8 + Mir On Ubuntu 17.04 6-Way Linux Distribution Comparison On AMD's Ryzen Benchmarks Of Ubuntu 17.04 Beta vs. Antergos, Clear Linux, openSUSE Tumbleweed A Few Windows 10 vs. Ubuntu Linux OpenGL Benchmarks With A Core i7 7700K Trending Linux News AMD Ryzen Has Captivated Linux Gamers & Enthusiasts Early Tests Of AMDGPU's DRM-Next Performance For Linux 4.12 AMD Ryzen 7 1700 + B350 DDR4 Memory Speed Tests Wine 2.5 Released, Supports D3D Transform Feedback April Fools' Or Should Wayland Switch Away From Using C? Latest Linux News DRM Maintainers Are Running Out Of Time To Ship New Features For Linux 4.12 Haiku OS Picks Up AMD Ryzen Support, More Driver Improvements The Story of Ubuntu's Mir Abstraction Layer (MirAL) Radeon TONGA Sees Some Gains With AMDGPU DRM-Next 4.12 Mesa 17.0.3 Released Apple To Be Parting Ways With Imagination Graphics A Look At Some Of The Feature Plans For GNOME 3.26 Ioquake3 Needs Some Help ARM Opens Up Compute Library With OpenCL & NEON Acceleration Linux 4.11-rc5 Kernel Released Latest Featured Articles Kicking Off April With An Eight-Way BSD/Linux Comparison 14-Way NVIDIA Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal OpenGL vs. Vulkan With Mad Max On Linux Vulkan vs. OpenGL For Mad Max On AMD Ryzen NVIDIA Vulkan Driver Shows Impressive Mad Max Linux Performance RadeonSI OpenGL vs. RADV Vulkan Performance For Mad Max Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Google's video recognition AI is trivially trollable DataCore's Parallel Server is loose with 'lighthouse' customers Optical boffins tweak antennae with photons so MIMO can make WiFi serve more masters Free Range Routing project takes aim at Cisco with server-as-router project Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH DataCore's Parallel Server is loose with 'lighthouse' customers Optical boffins tweak antennae with photons so MIMO can make WiFi serve more masters Free Range Routing project takes aim at Cisco with server-as-router project Rackspace launches cloud consultancy service while firing staff Google's video recognition AI is trivially trollable Ford slurps 400 BlackBerry devs in smart car software push Android beats Windows as most popular OS for interwebz – by 0.02% Microsoft's in-store Android looks desperate but can Google stop it? Wi-Fi sex toy with built-in camera fails penetration test Drive-by Wi-Fi i-Thing attack, oh my! Kremlin hackers suspected in assault on athletics governing body Power plant cyber threat: Lock up your ICSs and SCADAs The 'data driven enterprise' is actually just the enterprise Converged systems market is so hot it just went backwards Defence in Depth: A 'layered' strategy can repel cold attackers Surprise! Thanks to the cloud, you've got a hybrid infrastructure Continuous Lifecycle: Over 40 reasons to secure your place Massive scale, tight security – what's not to love about Kubernetes 1.6? Well... Continuous Lifecycle Workshops: Choose your preferred deep dive DevOps hype? Sometimes a pizza really is just a pizza Policy The Channel Verizon utters solemn Oath: Yahoo! will remain Yahoo! Google court filing names a second source for Uber's lifted robo-car plans Veaam says it's very attractive but isn't selling itself FTC accuses man of faking its news to further tech support scam Alabama man gets electrocuted after sleeping with iPhone Drone complaints to cops are up twelvefold in three years Florida Man can't pause cycle on Samsung 'exploding' washing machine lawsuit Samsung Galaxy S8: Slimmer bezels, a desktop mode – and yet another me-too AI pal SPB Geek's Guide Mediaeval Yorkshirefolk mutilated, burned t'dead to prevent reanimation Lochs, rifle stocks and two EPIC sea gates: Thomas Telford's Highland waterway Wet, wild Mars stripped off by hot young star, left barren and red faced How hard will it be to measure Planet Nine? Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things UK gov draws driverless car test zone around M40 corridor M3 call for papers extended BMW chief: Big auto will stay in the driving seat with autonomous cars Forget robot overlords, humankind will get finished off by IoT Verity Stob New plastic banknote plans now upsetting environmental campaigners Pirate of the Caribbean to play Hacker of the Caribbean Nuns left in limbo after phone line transfer hell Miss Misery on hacking Mr Robot and the Missing Sense of Fun More like this Scada Ics Security Power plant cyber threat: Lock up your ICSs and SCADAs That's not worrying at all 3 Apr 2017 at 15:19, John Leyden Nuclear power stations have been told to tighten their defences after government officials warned of a "credible" cyber threat. Intel agencies are warning that terrorists, foreign spies and hacktivists are all looking to exploit "vulnerabilities" in the nuclear industry's internet defences, The Telegraph reports. Security bugs in SCADA systems and associated computer networks are becoming increasingly commonplace. Exploiting them successfully is certainly possible, but far from trivial. Energy minister Jesse Norman told the paper that civil nuclear strategy published in February already provides guidance about protecting against cyber threats. John Bambenek, threat intelligence manager at Fidelis Cybersecurity, said that the call for increased vigilance made sense, adding that there was no need to press the panic button. "It should be noted that the reports suggest terrorist groups want to develop capabilities to attack energy and nuclear facilities, but do not yet have that ability," Bambenek said. "However, that doesn't mean vigilance isn't due. Utility operators need to ensure that their critical systems do not have direct internet access and controls are in place so that no one system could cause a catastrophic outage. "The power outages in Ukraine – that have been attributed to the Russian government – show us that even commodity tools can be used against critical infrastructure to great effect. Operators need to ensure their safety testing includes scenarios where there are machines controlled by adversary powers to ensure controls still protect against failures. In addition, what is almost more important than monitoring inbound network traffic is monitoring outbound traffic which often yields more valuable intelligence on potentially compromised devices inside a utility company." Peter Carlisle, VP EMEA at Thales e-Security, added: "Cyberattacks against critical national infrastructure are set to increase dramatically as criminals develop increasingly heinous methods to jeopardise Britain's national security. "From power stations to the transport network, the risk to the public remains severe, especially if hackers are able to gain access to electronic systems." ® Tips and corrections 10 Comments More from The Register Security firm clarifies power-station 'SCADA' malware claim It's not the next Stuxnet, says SentinelOne, it's just very naughty code 4 Comments SCADA malware caught infecting European energy company 'Nation-state' fingered 39 Comments Datto launches backup and disaster recovery technology to combat ransomware 6 Comments Malware 'disguised as Siemens software drills into 10 industrial plants' Four years of active infection, claims security biz Dragos 16 Comments Air-gapping SCADA systems won't help you, says man who knows Faizel Lahkani sounds bleak warning over future Stuxnet-style attacks 66 Comments Disaster-recoverer Zerto wades into Microsoft clouds Adds Azure to its replication bridge target list 2 Comments Whitepapers Dynamic Optimization Technology for Infrastructure Resources and Cloud Services Access this Innovation Insight to read Gartner’s recommendations for incorporating dynamic optimisation technology into your infrastructure and cloud initiatives. Can Machine Learning Prevent Application Downtime? Nimble Labs report outlining the top causes of the app-data gap. The Path to Hybrid Cloud With these advances and the ability to choose between a local data center and multiple public cloud offerings. Proven HFA Vendor Nimble Storage Achieving Rapid Success in the AFA Market A helpful summary of the evolving AFA Market as well as the Nimble technology, business value, customers, and go-to-market strategies. Most read Head of US military kit-testing slams F-35, says it's scarcely fit to fly Microsoft's in-store Android looks desperate but can Google stop it? Boeing and Airbus fly new planes for first time That sound you hear is Splunk leaking data Franken-firm DXC Technology is born today, the fun begins... Spotlight Security co-operation unlikely to change post Brexit, despite threats More fun in the sandbox: Experts praise security improvements to Edge UK vuln 'fessing pilot's great but who's going to give a FoI? MAC randomization: A massive failure that leaves iPhones, Android mobes open to tracking Next Generation Security: No, Dorothy, there is no magic wand Speaking in Tech: A chat with Web 2.0 MySpace worm dude Samy Kamkar The Register's guide to protecting your data when visiting the US Despite the spiel, we're still some decades from true anti-malware AI Sponsored links Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Contact us Advertise with us More content Under the hood Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News AUVSI XPONENTIAL 2017 to Feature Government and Industry Executives Speaking on Opportunities for Unmanned Systems Weather Channel's Jim Cantore to host program with Intel® CEO Brian Krzanich, FAA Administrator Michael Huerta and more thought leaders ARLINGTON, Va., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International (AUVSI) today announced the keynote lineup for XPONENTIAL 2017, which includes thought leaders from government, academia and business who will discuss the opportunities and innovations in the unmanned systems industry. XPONENTIAL will take place at the Kay Bailey Hutchinson Convention Center in Dallas from May 8 to 11, 2017. The keynote program will be hosted by the Weather Channel's Jim Cantore and will feature Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, FAA Administrator Michael Huerta, Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, and executives from Airbus Defence and Space, GE Oil & Gas and Northrop Grumman. AUVSI President and CEO Brian Wynne will open the program on Tuesday, May 9, at 8:30 a.m. CDT, followed by Intel's Krzanich, who will deliver the show's opening keynote, discussing the future of drones and other unmanned systems, and the technology innovations that will impact development. Keynotes on Wednesday, May 10 will begin at 8:30 a.m. CDT and focus on regulatory issues and innovation. FAA Administrator Huerta will start the day's program, followed by Dirk Hoke, CEO of Airbus Defence and Space, and Brian Chappel, Sector Vice President and General Manager, Autonomous Systems, Northrop Grumman. On Thursday, May 11, keynotes will resume at 8:30 a.m. CDT, with Gov. McAuliffe, who will address the state's initiatives to drive innovation in the unmanned systems sector. That will be followed by a keynote panel session including Brad Tomer, Chief Operating Officer, Avitas Systems, a GE Venture and other enterprise leaders. This visionary discussion will focus on why early stage users are investing in unmanned systems, how customer-focused partnerships are facilitating adoption, and what the long-term impacts could be for business operations. "A number of factors, including regulatory changes and technology advancements, are converging to drive rapid, unprecedented growth in the unmanned systems industry," AUVSI's Wynne said. "At XPONENTIAL, we have gathered the industry's thought leaders to share their real-world experience, smart strategies, and a glimpse toward the future." More than 7,000 industry leaders and professionals from over 55 countries are expected to attend XPONENTIAL 2017. The exhibit hall will showcase more than 650 cutting-edge companies from around the world, representing more than 20 industries. Registration for XPONENTIAL 2017 has opened. For more information, visit http://bit.ly/2jgeaLQ   About AUVSI The Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International (AUVSI) — the world's largest nonprofit organization dedicated to the advancement of unmanned systems and robotics — represents more than 7,500 members from more than 60 countries involved in the fields of government, industry and academia. AUVSI members work in the defense, civil and commercial markets. SOURCE Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International (AUVSI) CategoriesUncategorized TagsAirlines/Aviation, Tradeshow News, Transportation/Trucking/Railroad Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Repeat Order from South Korean Customer Next PostNext Minnesota Medical Announces David A. Jonas as Chief Financial Officer/Director Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News AUVSI XPONENTIAL 2017 to Feature Government and Industry Executives Speaking on Opportunities for Unmanned Systems Weather Channel's Jim Cantore to host program with Intel® CEO Brian Krzanich, FAA Administrator Michael Huerta and more thought leaders ARLINGTON, Va., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International (AUVSI) today announced the keynote lineup for XPONENTIAL 2017, which includes thought leaders from government, academia and business who will discuss the opportunities and innovations in the unmanned systems industry. XPONENTIAL will take place at the Kay Bailey Hutchinson Convention Center in Dallas from May 8 to 11, 2017. The keynote program will be hosted by the Weather Channel's Jim Cantore and will feature Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, FAA Administrator Michael Huerta, Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, and executives from Airbus Defence and Space, GE Oil & Gas and Northrop Grumman. AUVSI President and CEO Brian Wynne will open the program on Tuesday, May 9, at 8:30 a.m. CDT, followed by Intel's Krzanich, who will deliver the show's opening keynote, discussing the future of drones and other unmanned systems, and the technology innovations that will impact development. Keynotes on Wednesday, May 10 will begin at 8:30 a.m. CDT and focus on regulatory issues and innovation. FAA Administrator Huerta will start the day's program, followed by Dirk Hoke, CEO of Airbus Defence and Space, and Brian Chappel, Sector Vice President and General Manager, Autonomous Systems, Northrop Grumman. On Thursday, May 11, keynotes will resume at 8:30 a.m. CDT, with Gov. McAuliffe, who will address the state's initiatives to drive innovation in the unmanned systems sector. That will be followed by a keynote panel session including Brad Tomer, Chief Operating Officer, Avitas Systems, a GE Venture and other enterprise leaders. This visionary discussion will focus on why early stage users are investing in unmanned systems, how customer-focused partnerships are facilitating adoption, and what the long-term impacts could be for business operations. "A number of factors, including regulatory changes and technology advancements, are converging to drive rapid, unprecedented growth in the unmanned systems industry," AUVSI's Wynne said. "At XPONENTIAL, we have gathered the industry's thought leaders to share their real-world experience, smart strategies, and a glimpse toward the future." More than 7,000 industry leaders and professionals from over 55 countries are expected to attend XPONENTIAL 2017. The exhibit hall will showcase more than 650 cutting-edge companies from around the world, representing more than 20 industries. Registration for XPONENTIAL 2017 has opened. For more information, visit http://bit.ly/2jgeaLQ   About AUVSI The Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International (AUVSI) — the world's largest nonprofit organization dedicated to the advancement of unmanned systems and robotics — represents more than 7,500 members from more than 60 countries involved in the fields of government, industry and academia. AUVSI members work in the defense, civil and commercial markets. SOURCE Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International (AUVSI) CategoriesUncategorized TagsAirlines/Aviation, Tradeshow News, Transportation/Trucking/Railroad Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Repeat Order from South Korean Customer Next PostNext Minnesota Medical Announces David A. Jonas as Chief Financial Officer/Director Search Recent Posts INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against BioAmber Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Statement by Digital Citizens Alliance on President Trump’s Signing of Data Privacy Legislation Offis Multi-Cloud Services Sponsors RightScale 2017 ANZ State of the Cloud Report A New and Improved Version of Personalized Jewellery Website Launched Poetry from the Heart: How to Express Feelings through Music Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News AUVSI XPONENTIAL 2017 to Feature Government and Industry Executives Speaking on Opportunities for Unmanned Systems ARLINGTON, Va., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International (AUVSI) today announced the keynote lineup for XPONENTIAL 2017, which includes thought leaders from government, academia and business who will discuss the opportunities and innovations in the unmanned systems industry. XPONENTIAL will take place at the Kay Bailey Hutchinson Convention Center in Dallas from May 8 to 11, 2017. The keynote program will be hosted by the Weather Channel’s Jim Cantore and will feature Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, FAA Administrator Michael Huerta, Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, and executives from Airbus Defence and Space, GE Oil & Gas and Northrop Grumman. AUVSI President and CEO Brian Wynne will open the program on Tuesday, May 9, at 8:30 a.m. CDT, followed by Intel’s Krzanich, who will deliver the show’s opening keynote, discussing the future of drones and other unmanned systems, and the technology innovations that will impact development. Keynotes on Wednesday, May 10 will begin at 8:30 a.m. CDT and focus on regulatory issues and innovation. FAA Administrator Huerta will start the day’s program, followed by Dirk Hoke, CEO of Airbus Defence and Space, and Brian Chappel, Sector Vice President and General Manager, Autonomous Systems, Northrop Grumman. On Thursday, May 11, keynotes will resume at 8:30 a.m. CDT, with Gov. McAuliffe, who will address the state’s initiatives to drive innovation in the unmanned systems sector. That will be followed by a keynote panel session including Brad Tomer, Chief Operating Officer, Avitas Systems, a GE Venture and other enterprise leaders. This visionary discussion will focus on why early stage users are investing in unmanned systems, how customer-focused partnerships are facilitating adoption, and what the long-term impacts could be for business operations. „A number of factors, including regulatory changes and technology advancements, are converging to drive rapid, unprecedented growth in the unmanned systems industry,” AUVSI’s Wynne said. „At XPONENTIAL, we have gathered the industry’s thought leaders to share their real-world experience, smart strategies, and a glimpse toward the future.” More than 7,000 industry leaders and professionals from over 55 countries are expected to attend XPONENTIAL 2017. The exhibit hall will showcase more than 650 cutting-edge companies from around the world, representing more than 20 industries. Registration for XPONENTIAL 2017 has opened. For more information, visit http://bit.ly/2jgeaLQ   About AUVSI The Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International (AUVSI) — the world’s largest nonprofit organization dedicated to the advancement of unmanned systems and robotics — represents more than 7,500 members from more than 60 countries involved in the fields of government, industry and academia. AUVSI members work in the defense, civil and commercial markets. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/auvsi-xponential-2017-to-feature-government-and-industry-executives-speaking-on-opportunities-for-unmanned-systems-300433391.html SOURCE Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International (AUVSI) CategoriesUncategorized TagsTrade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Donate Life America Celebrates National Donate Life Month Next PostNext Trivago to Show Journalists and Influencers how to Leverage Travel Content at #PortadaLat Search Recent Posts IBS Investment Bank Acquires Interest in The Progressive Orthopaedic Company, LLC phil&teds launches nationwide car seat rental programme Laschinski Emerson Selected to Receive the FBI Directors Community Leadership Award Expert: New Sesame Street Character Sends Powerful Message to Community Politically Divided USA Is Also Challenging Brands, McCann Finds in New Truth About America Study Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,650 -13.01 -0.06% Nasdaq 5,895 -17.06 -0.29% S&P 500 2,359 -3.88 -0.16% 3:02 A.M. ET Updated How the ‘3M’ option — Merkel, Macron and May— would mean stability for Europe 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.1% higher at 5,089.30 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,299.54 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 379.01 2:54 A.M. ET Updated Even after Brexit, central banks prefer pounds over euros: survey 2:54 A.M. ET Updated How the pending Aramco IPO could cause a surge in oil prices 2:53 A.M. ET Updated The Dow rally’s ‘in trouble’ if this warning flag holds true 2:50 A.M. ET Updated Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy 2:30 A.M. ET Apple price target lifted to $150 from $140 at Pacific Crest 2:29 A.M. ET Nvidia downgraded to underweight from sector weight at Pacific Crest 2:28 A.M. ET South African rand falls another 1.4% against dollar to $13.87 after S&P downgrade 1:52 A.M. ET ABB to buy Bernecker + Rainer 12:57 A.M. ET Euro, dollar weaker against yen as investors shy away from riskier assets 12:44 A.M. ET Oil prices hold after Monday's pullback 12:08 A.M. ET Updated North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship 4/03 Australian trade surplus higher than forecast 4/03 Asian markets pull back amid growing global uncertainty 4/03 India stocks close at 2-year high as investors bullish on Modi 4/03 Updated As weddings become more elaborate and expensive, guests send more regrets 4/03 Price of Australian coking coal skyrockets after cyclone Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release AUVSI XPONENTIAL 2017 to Feature Government and Industry Executives Speaking on Opportunities for Unmanned Systems By Published: Apr 3, 2017 10:32 a.m. ET Share Weather Channel's Jim Cantore to host program with Intel® CEO Brian Krzanich, FAA Administrator Michael Huerta and more thought leaders ARLINGTON, Va., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International (AUVSI) today announced the keynote lineup for XPONENTIAL 2017, which includes thought leaders from government, academia and business who will discuss the opportunities and innovations in the unmanned systems industry. XPONENTIAL will take place at the Kay Bailey Hutchinson Convention Center in Dallas from May 8 to 11, 2017. The keynote program will be hosted by the Weather Channel's Jim Cantore and will feature Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, FAA Administrator Michael Huerta, Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, and executives from Airbus Defence and Space, GE Oil & Gas and Northrop Grumman. AUVSI President and CEO Brian Wynne will open the program on Tuesday, May 9, at 8:30 a.m. CDT, followed by Intel's Krzanich, who will deliver the show's opening keynote, discussing the future of drones and other unmanned systems, and the technology innovations that will impact development. Keynotes on Wednesday, May 10 will begin at 8:30 a.m. CDT and focus on regulatory issues and innovation. FAA Administrator Huerta will start the day's program, followed by Dirk Hoke, CEO of Airbus Defence and Space, and Brian Chappel, Sector Vice President and General Manager, Autonomous Systems, Northrop Grumman. On Thursday, May 11, keynotes will resume at 8:30 a.m. CDT, with Gov. McAuliffe, who will address the state's initiatives to drive innovation in the unmanned systems sector. That will be followed by a keynote panel session including Brad Tomer, Chief Operating Officer, Avitas Systems, a GE Venture and other enterprise leaders. This visionary discussion will focus on why early stage users are investing in unmanned systems, how customer-focused partnerships are facilitating adoption, and what the long-term impacts could be for business operations. "A number of factors, including regulatory changes and technology advancements, are converging to drive rapid, unprecedented growth in the unmanned systems industry," AUVSI's Wynne said. "At XPONENTIAL, we have gathered the industry's thought leaders to share their real-world experience, smart strategies, and a glimpse toward the future." More than 7,000 industry leaders and professionals from over 55 countries are expected to attend XPONENTIAL 2017. The exhibit hall will showcase more than 650 cutting-edge companies from around the world, representing more than 20 industries. Registration for XPONENTIAL 2017 has opened. For more information, visit http://bit.ly/2jgeaLQ   About AUVSI The Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International (AUVSI) — the world's largest nonprofit organization dedicated to the advancement of unmanned systems and robotics — represents more than 7,500 members from more than 60 countries involved in the fields of government, industry and academia. AUVSI members work in the defense, civil and commercial markets. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/auvsi-xponential-2017-to-feature-government-and-industry-executives-speaking-on-opportunities-for-unmanned-systems-300433391.html SOURCE Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International (AUVSI) Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular What happens to your debt when you die? How upgrading humans will become the next billion-dollar industry North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy These dogs make up to $10K per social media post MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
HOME NEWS Channels Archive DOWNLOADS New Downloads Categories Archive GAME REVIEWS ARTICLES Rig of the Month Join ROTM PC Buyers Guide Guru3D VGA Charts Editorials Dated content HARDWARE REVIEWS Videocards Processors Audio Motherboards Memory and Flash SSD Storage Chassis Media Players Power Supply Laptop and Mobile Smartphone Networking Keyboard Mouse Cooling Search articles Knowledgebase More Categories FORUMS NEWSLETTER CONTACT New Reviews AMD Ryzen 7 Memory And Tweaking Analysis review Cooler Master MasterCase Pro 6 review ASUS ROG Strix GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Review Guru3D Rig of the Month - March 2017 GeForce GTX 1080 Ti FCAT Frametime Analysis Review MSI GTX 1080 Ti GAMING X Review Gigabyte Aorus AX370 Gaming 5 review ASUS Crosshair VI Hero Review MSI GeForce GTX 1070 Aero ITX OC Review Corsair Vengeance RGB DDR4 memory review New Downloads AIDA64 Download version 5.90 Prime95 download version 29.1 3DMark Download v.2.3.3663 + Time Spy AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.3.3 driver download GeForce 378.92 WHQL driver download Display Driver Uninstaller Download version 17.0.6.1 AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.3.2 driver download GPU-Z Download 1.18.0 GeForce 378.78 WHQL driver download HWiNFO64 Download v5.46 New Forum Topics Cemu, a potent WiiU emulator The AMD Ryzen All In One Tread /Overclocking/Memory Speeds & Timings/Tweaking/Cooling Guide: AMD Ryzen 7 Memory And Tweaking Analysis The Witcher 3 Official Thread (Pt.4) Mass Effect: Andromeda Buffalo Europe announces series of unmanaged 10GbE network switches ASUS Republic of Gamers Announces Latest Gaming Lineup Radeon RX 550 - 570 and 580 Getting Listed The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild When do you think phones will hit a new level? Guru3D.com » News » DDR4 Memory Frequency World Record Brought to 5280 MHz DDR4 Memory Frequency World Record Brought to 5280 MHz by Aritra Das on: 04/01/2017 06:28 PM | Source | 3 comment(s) A Thai overclocker named Audigy reset the DDR4 memory frequency world record by cranking that memory towards  5280 MHz. The setup used for the world record included ASRock Z170M OC Formula, Teamgroup TForce DDR4 memory and Intel Core i7 7700K. There used to be a time when RAM was clocked at 500 MHz but now we are looking at a whopping 5280 MHz. ASRock Z170M OC Formula is infamous for memory overclocking, actually the top four memory frequency records have been made with this board. The board has been designed by well-known overclocker Nick Shih. This tiny terror board has (only) two memory slots to improve memory signaling and hence improve the memory overclocks. Now, Let us look at the snapshots of the world record and the setup used to make this record. Rate this story Rating: 1 ... Bad 2 ... Not the best 3 ... Average 4 ... Good 5 ... Awesome « ASUS Uncovers ROG GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Poseidon · DDR4 Memory Frequency World Record Brought to 5280 MHz · AMD Ryzen 5 1400 gaming performance leaks - analysed on YT » Related Stories HyperX Offers Fury DDR4 memory - 03/28/2017 08:31 AM HyperX FURY DDR4 Kits for Intel 200 Series Processors and X99 Chipsets and HyperX DDR4 colour options for PC&amp;rsquo;s.... Corsair Launches Vengeance RGB DDR4 Memory - 03/21/2017 04:38 PM You will have noticed it in our review posted here, Corsair just launched their Vengeance RGB DDR4 Memory. RGB brings vibrant RGB lighting to the DIMM slot, all controlled by Corsair LINK. Corsair ... Review: Corsair Vengeance RGB 32GB DDR4 memory - 03/21/2017 03:14 PM Join us as we check out the all new RGB series Vengeance DDR4 memory from Corsair. Not only do these puppies look awesome, they are properly specced as well. We received a 4x8GB DDR4 3000MHz CAS 15 DR... Panther Rage DDR4 memory from Apacer - 03/06/2017 10:13 AM Apacer launched a new line of DDR4 RAM modules. The Panther Rage series should have an appeal towards gamers. Built with advanced technologies and a top-quality heat spreader, PANTHER RAGE DDR4 Illu... G.Skill Trident Z RGB DDR4 Memory LED Video - 02/10/2017 06:34 PM Yesterday we've received a new G.Skill memory kit, this is the all new RGB LED enabled TridentZ kit. This particular DDR4 memory kit is 3600 MHz (Cl16) in a 4x8GB configuration. It is a slow news day... Valken Maha Guru Posts: 1125 Joined: 2011-01-05 #5415172 Posted on: 04/02/2017 08:52 AM Wow... Would love to see A Ryzen with 5 GHZ memory vs Intel at the same ram speed. Amazing... lexer98 Master Guru Posts: 558 Joined: 2009-02-18 #5415306 Posted on: 04/02/2017 05:11 PM Lol CPU clock 1ghz - 1 thread and he even used a old hard drive to gain maximum stability with high BCLK Hiikeri Newbie Posts: 25 Joined: 2015-06-02 #5415363 Posted on: 04/02/2017 08:00 PM +1 memory module (64bit). Post New Comment Click here to post a comment for this news story on the message forum. Guru3D.com © 2017
HOME NEWS Channels Archive DOWNLOADS New Downloads Categories Archive GAME REVIEWS ARTICLES Rig of the Month Join ROTM PC Buyers Guide Guru3D VGA Charts Editorials Dated content HARDWARE REVIEWS Videocards Processors Audio Motherboards Memory and Flash SSD Storage Chassis Media Players Power Supply Laptop and Mobile Smartphone Networking Keyboard Mouse Cooling Search articles Knowledgebase More Categories FORUMS NEWSLETTER CONTACT New Reviews AMD Ryzen 7 Memory And Tweaking Analysis review Cooler Master MasterCase Pro 6 review ASUS ROG Strix GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Review Guru3D Rig of the Month - March 2017 GeForce GTX 1080 Ti FCAT Frametime Analysis Review MSI GTX 1080 Ti GAMING X Review Gigabyte Aorus AX370 Gaming 5 review ASUS Crosshair VI Hero Review MSI GeForce GTX 1070 Aero ITX OC Review Corsair Vengeance RGB DDR4 memory review New Downloads AIDA64 Download version 5.90 Prime95 download version 29.1 3DMark Download v.2.3.3663 + Time Spy AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.3.3 driver download GeForce 378.92 WHQL driver download Display Driver Uninstaller Download version 17.0.6.1 AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.3.2 driver download GPU-Z Download 1.18.0 GeForce 378.78 WHQL driver download HWiNFO64 Download v5.46 New Forum Topics Cemu, a potent WiiU emulator The AMD Ryzen All In One Tread /Overclocking/Memory Speeds & Timings/Tweaking/Cooling Guide: AMD Ryzen 7 Memory And Tweaking Analysis The Witcher 3 Official Thread (Pt.4) Mass Effect: Andromeda Buffalo Europe announces series of unmanaged 10GbE network switches ASUS Republic of Gamers Announces Latest Gaming Lineup Radeon RX 550 - 570 and 580 Getting Listed The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild When do you think phones will hit a new level? Guru3D.com » News » AMD Ryzen 5 1400 gaming performance leaks - analysed on YT AMD Ryzen 5 1400 gaming performance leaks - analysed on YT by Aritra Das on: 04/01/2017 06:32 PM | Source | 160 comment(s) In the Youtube video below the fold you will notice an AMD Ryzen 5 1400 tested on an ASRock Fatal1ty AB350 Gaming K4. The reviewer tested 10 different games against the budget Pentium G4560 and Intel core i5 7400. The analysis also contains the perfomance numbers of the Ryzen R5 1400 after being overclocked to 3800 MHz . The  youtuber named Santiago Santiago uploaded a gaming perfomance analysis video of the Ryzen R5 1400 against the entry level pentium G4560 (which has 2 cores and 4 threads) and Intel Core i5 7400 (which has 4 cores and 4 threads). The cpu was also tweaked / clocked at 3800 MHz which is 300 MHz higher than the turbo boost clock of the i5 7400. In addition to the 1400, he used an ASRock Fatal1ty AB350 Gaming K4 AM4 Motherboard with updated bios which has the updated AGESA code. He used 8 Gb of Kingston HyperX Fury rams clocked at 2666 Mhz.He tested 8 games which included Battlefield 1, Fallout 4, Hitman, Assassin’s Creed Unity, GTA V, Just Cause 3 and Rise Of The Tomb Raider . In video we can see that the Ryzen R5 1400 which is priced at 169$ beats the G4560 in most games, but lacks behind the 7400 by 5 to 10 frames. Here is the Youtube video.   Rate this story Rating: 1 ... Bad 2 ... Not the best 3 ... Average 4 ... Good 5 ... Awesome « DDR4 Memory Frequency World Record Brought to 5280 MHz · AMD Ryzen 5 1400 gaming performance leaks - analysed on YT · Gigabyte launches Aorus GTX 1060 6GB with Faster 9 Gbps GDDR5 Memory » Related Stories AOTS Gets AMD Ryzen CPU Optimizations - Benchmarks - 03/30/2017 10:22 AM One of the game titles that we had not benchmarked in our Ryzen review is Ashes of the Singularity. It was only afterwards that I learned this title probably took the biggest hit at 1080p gaming with ... Arctic Launches Freezer 12 and Freezer 12 CO CPU Coolers for AMD Ryzen - 03/30/2017 08:36 AM With the Freezer 12 and Freezer 12 CO, ARCTIC now offers two compact CPU coolers, which are multi-compatible and also suitable for the AMD Ryzen AM4 socket. ... AMD Ryzen Quad-Core 2+2 versus 4+0 Core Setups Analyzed - 03/27/2017 04:28 PM The game performance of Ryzen processors has been topic of much discussion ever since the CPUs have been released. The 8-core parts are 2x 4 cores clusters called a CCX each. In-between the two CCXes ... AMD Ryzen Processor with 12 Cores and 24 Threads Spotted - 03/25/2017 08:11 PM There's not a day that goes by with something Ryzen. We talked 32,16, 8, 6 and 4 core processors, we can now add a 12-core version as well.  ... AMD Ryzen 5 1600 already selling - 03/23/2017 05:58 PM It seems that some consumers already have been able to order Ryzen 5 processors, interesting as these should not be available for another three weeks. ... 11 pages 1 2 3 4 > » Aura89 Ancient Guru Posts: 5827 Joined: 2008-07-31 #5415029 Posted on: 04/01/2017 06:53 PM I kinda sorta understand that Dota 2 does not generally get benched, but this guy didn't even bench Ashes, which are the two games for sure patched for Ryzen currently........... The Edge Newbie Posts: 28 Joined: 2012-05-02 #5415033 Posted on: 04/01/2017 07:08 PM How the hell is it better specifically in Tomb Raider when that is one of the games where in all reviews Ryzen was really behind Intel. (the OC version of course) And from what I saw, it does not lack behind the Intel i5 when OCed to 3,8GHz. And did he have the updated BIOS ? I thought he said that he is actually expecting the update to come. Paired with better cooler (possible better OC) and especially faster RAM, it could be a nice buy. Seikon Newbie Posts: 21 Joined: 2016-02-09 #5415037 Posted on: 04/01/2017 07:18 PM Ryzen+nvidia + dx12 in rise of the tombraider makes ryzen look bad, when using a amd gpu (witch are true dx12 cards) things change vestibule Newbie Posts: 36 Joined: 2014-04-21 #5415039 Posted on: 04/01/2017 07:22 PM Good viewing ryzen 1400 rocks. PrMinisterGR Ancient Guru Posts: 6214 Joined: 2014-09-27 #5415040 Posted on: 04/01/2017 07:31 PM Quote: Originally Posted by The Edge How the hell is it better specifically in Tomb Raider when that is one of the games where in all reviews Ryzen was really behind Intel. (the OC version of course) And from what I saw, it does not lack behind the Intel i5 when OCed to 3,8GHz. And did he have the updated BIOS ? I thought he said that he is actually expecting the update to come. Paired with better cooler (possible better OC) and especially faster RAM, it could be a nice buy. Is the driver he tested, the same as the one from the reviews? If not, there is the chance that NVIDIA has put some initial Ryzen optimization for it. Aritra Das Newbie Posts: 10 Joined: 2017-03-30 #5415041 Posted on: 04/01/2017 07:37 PM Quote: Originally Posted by The Edge How the hell is it better specifically in Tomb Raider when that is one of the games where in all reviews Ryzen was really behind Intel. (the OC version of course) And from what I saw, it does not lack behind the Intel i5 when OCed to 3,8GHz. And did he have the updated BIOS ? I thought he said that he is actually expecting the update to come. Paired with better cooler (possible better OC) and especially faster RAM, it could be a nice buy. A better cooler would give probably extra 100-200 MHz . chronek Member Guru Posts: 91 Joined: 2016-09-19 #5415042 Posted on: 04/01/2017 07:40 PM so os, api and games optimized for intel cpu, at least because of graphic card drivers optimized for amd... Seikon Newbie Posts: 21 Joined: 2016-02-09 #5415043 Posted on: 04/01/2017 07:43 PM Quote: Originally Posted by PrMinisterGR Is the driver he tested, the same as the one from the reviews? If not, there is the chance that NVIDIA has put some initial Ryzen optimization for it. You dont get it , when using a nvidia card(withc all reviewers did) and using dx12 , Ryzen performs worse , when using a amd gpu the problem is gone. nz3777 Maha Guru Posts: 1546 Joined: 2014-01-21 #5415045 Posted on: 04/01/2017 07:46 PM I counted 15 Fps at max Intel being in the lead this is a 2-way better /worse senario....Amd you get more cores/threads with hope of future optimazations to improve gaming even more/ Or you go the safe route pay a little more but get better gaming performance with Intel. 1080p Intel all the way/ anything over does not really matter anyway right? Silva Member Guru Posts: 110 Joined: 2013-06-04 #5415049 Posted on: 04/01/2017 08:28 PM Quote: Originally Posted by nz3777 I counted 15 Fps at max Intel being in the lead this is a 2-way better /worse senario....Amd you get more cores/threads with hope of future optimazations to improve gaming even more/ Or you go the safe route pay double but get better gaming performance with Intel. 1080p Intel all the way/ anything over does not really matter anyway right? Corrected that for you. Arbie Newbie Posts: 12 Joined: 2008-07-04 #5415051 Posted on: 04/01/2017 08:32 PM When I do upgrade it will be with AMD. Even if Intel offers more performance per dollar (true only in a few cases now), AMD has amazingly reduced the difference to the point where I can accept it in order to help fuel competition. If the market does not reward AMD for their valiant effort in Zen, the company may be forced to give up. How many times can they come from behind in a high-stakes business like this? Then Intel will again quit trying, and several years from now we'll ALL be worse off than if they were still duking it out. Everyone has to make their own decision, and I couldn't buy the Excavator etc fiascos, but the AMD product line now has real contenders - and we need to keep them there. Srsbsns Newbie Posts: 29 Joined: 2015-01-28 #5415060 Posted on: 04/01/2017 08:56 PM Quote: Originally Posted by Seikon Ryzen+nvidia + dx12 in rise of the tombraider makes ryzen look bad, when using a amd gpu (witch are true dx12 cards) things change For those that dont know about this please look here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0tfTZjugDeg The Edge Newbie Posts: 28 Joined: 2012-05-02 #5415061 Posted on: 04/01/2017 09:02 PM Quote: Originally Posted by Seikon You dont get it , when using a nvidia card(withc all reviewers did) and using dx12 , Ryzen performs worse , when using a amd gpu the problem is gone. It's not gone. Just the AMD GPU becomes the bottleneck. It's the same like testing in 1440p with Nvidia. kastriot Master Guru Posts: 557 Joined: 2008-04-23 #5415062 Posted on: 04/01/2017 09:07 PM Ryzen here is not properly utilised just look usage so i will wait for Hilbert because this guy on 1st test had gpu bottleneck 100% he didn't even tried low resolution to see how much cpu-s are utilised but hey i guess everyone has limits, btw intel gets much more utilisation so i guess again we need some optimisation for ryzen or better distribution between cores well.. Alessio1989 Master Guru Posts: 640 Joined: 2015-06-11 #5415064 Posted on: 04/01/2017 09:15 PM Video reviews should be globally banned by UNO. 11 pages 1 2 3 4 > » Post New Comment Click here to post a comment for this news story on the message forum. Guru3D.com © 2017
04042017Headline: Mylar Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 1 min ago Methyltriacetoxysilane Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 3 mins ago Global Agricultural Machinery Market to 2022 – Industry Share, Size,Trends and Forecast By Acute Market Reports 5 mins ago Methyldichlorosilane Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 5 mins ago Methyl Hydrogen Silicone Fluid Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 8 mins ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Global High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022- Acute Market Report Global High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022- Acute Market Report April 3, 2017 | by Anurag | This report studies the global High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) market, analyzes and researches the High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like Cisco Systems Inspur Worldwide Services ALLINEA SOFTWARE LIMITED Clustercorp ACCELEWARE Intel Corporation Atos SA NALLATECH LTD DataDirect Networks ARM Autodesk Mitrionics AB Bull SA Lockheed Martin Corporation Mellanox Technologies Deutsche Telekom AG NVIDIA Corporation Cray D-Wave Systems Eurotech SpA EMC Corporation Emcien LexisNexis Group NEC Corporation NetApp Hewlett Packard Enterprise IBM Corporation Juniper Networks Microsoft Corporation Oracle Corporation Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Browse For Full Report: http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/high-performance-data-analytics-hpda-market-size-status-and-forecast Market segment by Type, High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) can be split into Hardware Analytics Software Analytics Market segment by Application, High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) can be split into Small and Medium Enterprise (SME) Large Enterprise Other 1 Industry Overview of High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) 1.1 High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Market Overview 1.1.1 High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Market by Type 1.3.1 Hardware Analytics 1.3.2 Software Analytics 1.4 High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Market by End Users/Application 1.4.1 Small and Medium Enterprise (SME) 1.4.2 Large Enterprise 1.4.3 Other 2 Global High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Market Size (Value) by Players (2016 and 2017) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 Cisco Systems 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.1.5 Recent Developments Browse For Same Category: http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/ict-market 3.2 Inspur Worldwide Services 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.2.5 Recent Developments 3.3 ALLINEA SOFTWARE LIMITED 3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.3.5 Recent Developments 3.4 Clustercorp 3.4.1 Company Profile 3.4.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.4.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.4.4 High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.4.5 Recent Developments 3.5 ACCELEWARE 3.5.1 Company Profile 3.5.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.5.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.5.4 High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.5.5 Recent Developments 3.6 Intel Corporation 3.6.1 Company Profile 3.6.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.6.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.6.4 High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.6.5 Recent Developments 3.7 Atos SA 3.7.1 Company Profile 3.7.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.7.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.7.4 High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.7.5 Recent Developments 3.8 NALLATECH LTD 3.8.1 Company Profile 3.8.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.8.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.8.4 High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.8.5 Recent Developments 3.9 DataDirect Networks 3.9.1 Company Profile 3.9.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.9.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.9.4 High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.9.5 Recent Developments 3.10 ARM 3.10.1 Company Profile 3.10.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.10.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.10.4 High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.10.5 Recent Developments 3.11 Autodesk 3.12 Mitrionics AB 3.13 Bull SA 3.14 Lockheed Martin Corporation 3.15 Mellanox Technologies 3.16 Deutsche Telekom AG 3.17 NVIDIA Corporation 3.18 Cray 3.19 D-Wave Systems 3.20 Eurotech SpA 3.21 EMC Corporation 3.22 Emcien 3.23 LexisNexis Group 3.24 NEC Corporation 3.25 NetApp 3.26 Hewlett Packard Enterprise 3.27 IBM Corporation 3.28 Juniper Networks 3.29 Microsoft Corporation 3.30 Oracle Corporation Request For The Sample: http://www.acutemarketreports.com/request-free-sample/92738 About – Acute Market Reports: Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements. We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online. Name: Chris Paul ACUTE MARKET REPORTS Designation: Global Sales Manager Toll Free(US/CANADA): +1-855-455-8662 Email:  sales@acutemarketreports.com Website: http://www.acutemarketreports.com Filed in: Business Tags: Global High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA) Market Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Mylar Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Methyltriacetoxysilane Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Global Agricultural Machinery Market to 2022 – Industry Share, Size,Trends and Forecast By Acute Market Reports Methyldichlorosilane Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Mylar Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Methyltriacetoxysilane Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Global Agricultural Machinery Market to 2022 – Industry Share, Size,Trends and Forecast By Acute Market Reports Methyldichlorosilane Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Methyl Hydrogen Silicone Fluid Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Security Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Home Linux World Beyond Windows By Alex Campbell, Tech Hacker, PCWorld | Apr 3, 2017 3:30 AM PT Opinion How to have a Linux home server on the cheap Your options range from totally free to a few hundred dollars. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: PCbots More like this 5 gifts under $50 for open-source geeks Best NAS box for media streaming and backup Mini PC invasion: These radically tiny computers fit in the palm of your hand Video Hardcore Hardware: Asus' new Four Dot One PC gives you 4K gaming in your pocket Ask any Linux enthusiast, and they’ll tell you how awesome an operating system Linux can be. (Well, except Bryan Lunduke, who will say it sucks before he says it’s awesome.) For the desktop user, the freedom from worry about most viruses is a big plus, and not spending $100 upgrading Windows is a big plus too. As awesome as Linux is for desktop use, Linux (and BSD for that matter) truly shines as a server. While providing web-based services is one of those server-y things Linux does really well, Linux can do a lot more than host a blog about family outings. If you’re looking to host your own services instead of paying for or relying on those in the cloud, running your own home server is one of the best ways to keep your files private. [ Further reading: 4 Linux projects for newbies and intermediate users ] Choosing software Choosing the specific Linux distribution for your home server can be daunting in itself since there are so many strains to choose from. Most of the time, I just roll with Ubuntu and recommend that first-time users do the same. The reason is simple: Ubuntu Server is easy to administer, well documented, and has a pretty low learning curve, especially if you’ve ever used desktop Ubuntu. (See these instructions for installing Ubuntu Server.) The next big thing you’ll have to worry about is what programs to run on the server. There is a huge amount of free and open-source software you can host yourself, but finding it can be tricky. Luckily, a GitHub user named Edward D. maintains a list of self-hosted software that you can run on a Linux server. The list has everything from blog software to CRM. It even features some awesome meta packages (which let you bulk-install a group of applications) like sovereign. Indeed, sovereign is a good starting point for users who are looking to be digitally self-reliant. With a couple commands, sovereign will install an email server, a VPN service, nightly backups, a CalDAV and CardDAV server, and ownCloud, just to name a few. Once you have an idea of what you want to host on your server, the next step is choosing the right hardware. Choosing hardware Recycling: Free One of the most common ways to use Linux in a home server is to install the OS on an old desktop. The hardware requirements for Windows have marched forward as time and Windows versions have progressed. While you might technically get Windows 10 to run on a PC that’s been sitting in the garage for five years, its performance might be less than ideal. That old PC could be a nice host for Linux. On top of saving you some money, repurposing an old PC as a Linux server is good for the environment. Reusing the PC keeps e-waste out of landfills (you do know PCs shouldn’t go in the garbage bin, right?) and stretches the life of the heavy metals and precious and/or toxic materials that comprise many PC parts. Amazon Raspberry Pi 3: $35 and up There’s a reason people love the little Raspberry Pi: For 35 bucks you get a palm-sized computer that has networking, USB ports, and general-purpose pins to satisfy all of your tinkering needs. While the Pi is a great tinkerer’s toy, it’s also great as a low-power server. The Raspberry Pi is powered via a Micro-USB connection and sips power compared to big desktop components. If you’re looking for a server to host just a couple of services to a small number of users (like you and your roommate), the Pi is a wonderful platform to start with. The Pi doesn’t have any storage onboard, but if you plan on running a file or media server with it, you can always buy or reuse an external USB hard drive or a large USB stick. Intel NUCs and small PCs: $179 and up Small PCs are often marketed as low-powered desktops or home-theater PCs, but they also make great servers. Intel’s Next Unit of Computing (NUC) models are well equipped for light- to medium-duty server use in a home. Much more robust than their ARM-based Raspberry Pi counterparts, Intel’s NUCs will consume more power but be able to handle more computationally intensive tasks. Some NUC models will have room for a 2.5-inch SSD for onboard storage. Other models will force you to outsource bulk storage of big files to an external drive, not unlike the Pi. If you prefer AMD to Intel, there are some other options as well, including Gigabyte’s Brix, which offers many of the same features as the NUC. Amazon Synology DS716+II Network attached storage (NAS) appliances: $150 and up If you’re worried you don’t have the technical chops to install and maintain your own Linux server, you can always go for a network attached storage (NAS) system. A NAS is basically a small Linux or BSD server with the primary function of hosting files. You can think of a NAS as your own extensible Google Drive or Dropbox. Lots of companies offer NAS solutions in one form or another, but two of the big names are QNAP and Synology. Both companies offer many of the same features, but the web interfaces are different for each. For small businesses that just need something to work, a medium-sized NAS can be a simple, plug-and-play solution. With a NAS, you generally don’t have to fight with drivers or settings during setup; everything can be accomplished using an easy-to-follow web interface. While you can find diskless NAS devices for as little as $150, they will—naturally—come without any hard drives. Hard drives for NAS boxes tend to cost a little more than the typical desktop hard drive, since they are designed to be always-on, and to keep data safe for a long period of time. SAP Servers at SAP’s facility in St. Leon-Rot, Germany. Virtual private server (VPS): $5/month and up Okay, so this isn’t a way to have a Linux server in the home. A virtual private server is exactly what it sounds like: a virtual machine instance in a server farm. “Private” refers to the fact that other VPS machines in the same server farm can’t steal resources or interact with your VPS. In effect, it’s like having your own little Linux box connected to a server farm somewhere. VPS solutions can be great if you need to run a small blog or some other service that you’d rather not run from home. Unlike running a service on a home server, a VPS does not require you to open up ports on your router and fiddle with dynamic DNS. Of the VPS providers out there, Digital Ocean offers some of the better deals for the individual or small business. Its servers start at $5 per month, and you can spin up more in seconds if you need them. Besides being a great way to learn how Linux works, running your own server at home can allow you to break away from commercial services and take back control of your data. To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Linux Servers Alex is a tech tinkerer who built his first computer while in middle school. Alex is also a huge Linux geek and loves all things open-source and web. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 04 Apr 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Abu Dhabi urges professionals to use park-and-ride facilities Qatar to remain a dominating force in LNG market Investors tackle challenges in Saudi real estate sector Qatar restarts development of world's biggest gas field Dubai's new rental law to move away from one-size-fits all regulation Investors tackle challenges in Saudi real estate sector Saudi developer Dar Al Arkan to launch dollar sukuk Second phase of Heart of Sharjah project on schedule Investors tackle challenges in Saudi real estate sector Unveiled: Expo 2020 Dubai's design for central hub Second phase of Heart of Sharjah project on schedule GCC polymer industry expected to grow at 3% by 2022: Report Seeking higher revenues, Saudi sets out stall for light crude Qatar to remain a dominating force in LNG market Qatar restarts development of world's biggest gas field Oil prices edge lower as rebound in Libyan production weighs Qatar makes strategic investments abroad Saudi insurance firms to offer no-claim bonus for policyholders Egypt foreign reserves reach six-year high of $28.5bln Saudi developer Dar Al Arkan to launch dollar sukuk Qatar QIIB gets nod to issue $700mln sukuk Saudi developer Dar Al Arkan to launch dollar sukuk UAE's Mashreq's Iossifidis to become CEO of Noor Bank Abu Dhabi 's TAQA considering formosa bond, sukuk In self-driving car race, winners get all the way around track Etihad, Boeing check on biofuel project at Masdar in Abu Dhabi Would you fly on a plane that uses recycled parts? Huawei introduces Honor 8 Lite Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Saudi raises fighter pilots' pay by up to 60% Egypt foreign reserves reach six-year high of $28.5bln Eleven killed in suspected suicide bombing on Russian metro train Services sector to lead FDI flows across the world Qatar to remain a dominating force in LNG market Qatar makes strategic investments abroad Qatar restarts development of world's biggest gas field Saudi raises fighter pilots' pay by up to 60% U.S. top court to weigh Jordan-based Arab Bank's liability for militant attacks Syrian crisis leaves Lebanon at breaking point Syria talks in Geneva fail again Jordan's King orders projects in Tafileh to empower community Egypt foreign reserves reach six-year high of $28.5bln Egypt seeks more investment from UAE, GCC Dubai, Egypt outperform, Abu Dhabi's TAQA surges again Egypt a major investment destination US growth robust despite delays to fiscal stimulus Trump's son-in-law, Kushner, flies into Iraq with top US general Iraq, Russia's Lukoil's trading arm to form marketing venture Death around corner for civilians living on Mosul's frontline Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Seeking higher revenues, Saudi sets out stall for light crude Gulf shares may have soft tone as oil, global shares move little Qatar QIIB gets nod to issue $700mln sukuk Gold rises on political uncertainty, shrugs off dollar gains Gulf shares may have soft tone as oil, global shares move little Dubai, Egypt outperform, Abu Dhabi's TAQA surges again Good news for Saudi Aramco IPO as tax rate is cut DFM achieves 100% compliance in annual results disclosure Dollar wobbles but holds above 4-month lows Egypt's Mar foreign reserves at over $28.5bln, highest since 2011 Fed signals it could promptly start shedding bonds from portfolio this year Dollar near flat after Fed's Dudley, U.S. data deflate rise Seeking higher revenues, Saudi sets out stall for light crude Gold rises on political uncertainty, shrugs off dollar gains Oil prices edge lower as rebound in Libyan production weighs Kuwait to import fuel oil in 2018 after Clean Fuel project start-up Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Dubai's new rental law to move away from one-size-fits all regulation Saudi insurance firms to offer no-claim bonus for policyholders Escorts in Saudi cannot travel without the passport holder Aviation security experts to explore flight-ban solutions Dubai's new rental law to move away from one-size-fits all regulation Abu Dhabi urges professionals to use park-and-ride facilities Saudi insurance firms to offer no-claim bonus for policyholders Aviation security experts to explore flight-ban solutions Eleven killed in suspected suicide bombing on Russian metro train Aviation security experts to explore flight-ban solutions Kuwait MP: Stop giving driving licences to expats Women prone to distractions while at the wheel Dubai's new rental law to move away from one-size-fits all regulation Aviation security experts to explore flight-ban solutions Sharjah groceries have a deadline to meet new regulations Amazon’s buy means malls must adapt Escorts in Saudi cannot travel without the passport holder Bahrain's high court reduces sentence of top opposition leader Bahrain unveils new investment limited partnership law High demand for private tuition in Qatar despite curbs Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports IPL 10: Watson stands in as Bangalore captain for injured Kohli Saudi universities may open doors for foreign students IPL: The one-franchise men of the league CBSE students in UAE launch petition against tough Maths paper Child-friendly ambulance in Dubai designed to keep children happy Grandmothers can help spot autism earlier Dubai to create long-term Autism support network Dubai adopts e-Dirham system as means to pay for govt health services CBSE students in UAE launch petition against tough Maths paper Gardening in schools promotes healthier habits High demand for private tuition in Qatar despite curbs Sharjah to set up arts academy to provide training to theatre fans INTERVIEW- Middle Eastern art sees rise in interest from international investors: auctioneer Gardening in schools promotes healthier habits Sharjah gears up for 42nd Middle East Watch and Jewellery Show Korean Film Festival coming to UAE cinemas Saudi records 143,000 visitors in 4 days at heritage festival One-humped beauties take the stage in Saudi Arabia Endangered Sea Turtles return home to Saadiyat Island for nesting Pillow fighters battle it out in Hong Kong Tupac Shakur bigger in death than life Unite with Tomorrowland coming to Dubai Zac Efron charms Dubai New York Post apologizes after app apparently hacked IPL 10: Watson stands in as Bangalore captain for injured Kohli IPL: The one-franchise men of the league In self-driving car race, winners get all the way around track Purebred Arabian Paddys Day wins first for Espinoza Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement automotive   Mobileye founder's vision for other company 23 hours ago Fresh off the $15 billion sale of his autonomous vehicle technology firm Mobileye to Intel, Amnon Shashua's next start-up, OrCam, uses similar computer vision technology to help the visually impaired. Laura Frykberg reports Video Transcript With a little help from technology.. A simple touch could aid the visually impaired in the future. A camera mounted on glasses, which communicates with the user. (SOUNDBITE) (English) YONATAN WEXLER, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT OF RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT AT ORCAM SAYING: "Everything happens here. It's like a tiny box that tells you what it sees." The system is created by OrCam - a start-up by Amnon Shashua. The inventor entrepreneur, famed for selling his autonomous vehicle technology firm, Mobileye... For fifteen billion dollars to Intel. (SOUNDBITE) (English) CO-FOUNDER AND CHAIRMAN OF ORCAM AND FOUNDER OF MOBILEYE, AMNON SHASHUA, SAYING: "At Mobileye we're looking for vehicles and pedestrians and traffic signs and traffic lights and understanding the roadway. In Orcam, we are trying to understand text, barcodes, faces, situations, to help people with visual disabilities. The customer functions are completely different but the commonality is computer vision for the benefit of society". Shashua sees OrCam as destined for the same path as Mobileye. The company is already valued $600 million. And finished a $41 million investment round last month. (SOUNDBITE0 (English) CO-FOUNDER AND CHAIRMAN OF ORCAM AND FOUNDER OF MOBILEYE, AMNON SHASHUA, SAYING: "We believe that by the end of 2018, the revenue, the profit of the company will be at such a level together with ability to forecast that it's good enough for an IPO" And if that happens he's eyeing for the top. Saying the listing would either be on the Nasdaq or the New York Stock Exchange. more from technology   Multimedia gallery Expo 2020 Dubai’s central plaza unveiled gallery Britain's Prince Charles and Camilla sample Italian hospitality gallery Suiting up the Swiss Guard VIDEO UAE policy enabling healthcare & pharma investment VIDEO Syrian people do not want Assad as leader: Haley VIDEO Stocks slip on policy uncertainty Advertisement Most Popular Videos One-humped beauties take the stage in Saudi Arabia 1 day ago - Reuters Videos At least 10 dead in St Petersburg metro blast 12 hours ago - Reuters Videos Egyptians go hungry as food prices soar 14 hours ago - Reuters Videos Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Fixed Data Connectivity 2017 Global Market Key Players – Intel, IBM, Oracle, Dell, Amazone, Google, Ebay, HP, Lenovo Analysis And Forecast To 2022 Fixed Data Connectivity Market Description This report studies the global Fixed Data Connectivity market, analyzes and researches the Fixed Data Connectivity development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like Intel, IBM, Oracle, Dell, Amazone, Google, Ebay, HP, Lenovo Request for Sample Report@ www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1139156-global-fixe… Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Fixed Data Connectivity can be split into Wireless Type Wired Type Market segment by Application, Fixed Data Connectivity can be split into Enterprise Government Home Other Enquiry before Buying @ www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1139156-global-fixed-data-… Table of Contents: Global Fixed Data Connectivity Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022 1 Industry Overview of Fixed Data Connectivity 1.1 Fixed Data Connectivity Market Overview 1.1.1 Fixed Data Connectivity Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global Fixed Data Connectivity Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 Fixed Data Connectivity Market by Type 1.3.1 Wireless Type 1.3.2 Wired Type 1.4 Fixed Data Connectivity Market by End Users/Application 1.4.1 Enterprise 1.4.2 Government 1.4.3 Home 1.4.4 Other 2 Global Fixed Data Connectivity Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 Fixed Data Connectivity Market Size (Value) by Players (2016 and 2017) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 Intel 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 Fixed Data Connectivity Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 IBM 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 Fixed Data Connectivity Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.2.5 Recent Developments 3.3 Oracle 3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 Fixed Data Connectivity Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.3.5 Recent Developments 3.4 Dell 3.4.1 Company Profile 3.4.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.4.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.4.4 Fixed Data Connectivity Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.4.5 Recent Developments 3.5 Amazone 3.5.1 Company Profile 3.5.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.5.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.5.4 Fixed Data Connectivity Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.5.5 Recent Developments 3.6 Google 3.6.1 Company Profile 3.6.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.6.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.6.4 Fixed Data Connectivity Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.6.5 Recent Developments 3.7 Ebay 3.7.1 Company Profile 3.7.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.7.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.7.4 Fixed Data Connectivity Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.7.5 Recent Developments 3.8 HP 3.8.1 Company Profile 3.8.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.8.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.8.4 Fixed Data Connectivity Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.8.5 Recent Developments 3.9 Lenovo 3.9.1 Company Profile 3.9.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.9.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.9.4 Fixed Data Connectivity Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.9.5 Recent Developments 4 Global Fixed Data Connectivity Market Size by Type and Application (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Fixed Data Connectivity Market Size by Type (2012-2017) 4.2 Global Fixed Data Connectivity Market Size by Application (2012-2017) 4.3 Potential Application of Fixed Data Connectivity in Future 4.4 Top Consumer/End Users of Fixed Data Connectivity 5 United States Fixed Data Connectivity Development Status and Outlook 5.1 United States Fixed Data Connectivity Market Size (2012-2017) 5.2 United States Fixed Data Connectivity Market Size and Market Share by Players (2016 and 2017) 8 China Fixed Data Connectivity Development Status and Outlook 8.1 China Fixed Data Connectivity Market Size (2012-2017) 8.2 China Fixed Data Connectivity Market Size and Market Share by Players (2016 and 2017) Continued… Buy now @ www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&rep… Contact US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) About Us: Wise Guy Reports Is Part Of The Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. And Offers Premium Progressive Statistical Surveying, Market Research Reports, Analysis & Forecast Data For Industries And Governments Around The Globe. Wise Guy Reports Features An Exhaustive List Of Market Research Reports From Hundreds Of Publishers Worldwide. We Boast A Database Spanning Virtually Every Market Category And An Even More Comprehensive Collection Of Market Research Reports Under These Categories And Sub-Categories. Addres: : Wise Guy Research Consultants Pvt Ltd : Pune – 411028 : Maharashtra, India : Ph: +91 841 198 5042 This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fuel Delivery System Market – key vendors in the market are Bellofram Group of Companies, Metso, Honeywell International Inc Next PostNext Wireless Blood Glucose Meter 2017 Global Market Key Players – GE, Roche, Nova Biomedical, Abbott Diabetes Care, General Life Biotechnology, Menarini Diagnostics, TaiDoc Technology, Foracare Suisse, SmartLAB, Infopia, Ascensia Diabetes Care Analysis And Fo Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Fixed Data Connectivity 2017 Global Market Key Players – Intel, IBM, Oracle, Dell, Amazone, Google, Ebay, HP, Lenovo Analysis And Forecast To 2022 Fixed Data Connectivity Market Description This report studies the global Fixed Data Connectivity market, analyzes and researches the Fixed Data Connectivity development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like Intel, IBM, Oracle, Dell, Amazone, Google, Ebay, HP, Lenovo Request for Sample Report@ www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1139156-global-fixe… Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Fixed Data Connectivity can be split into Wireless Type Wired Type Market segment by Application, Fixed Data Connectivity can be split into Enterprise Government Home Other Enquiry before Buying @ www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1139156-global-fixed-data-… Table of Contents: Global Fixed Data Connectivity Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022 1 Industry Overview of Fixed Data Connectivity 1.1 Fixed Data Connectivity Market Overview 1.1.1 Fixed Data Connectivity Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global Fixed Data Connectivity Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 Fixed Data Connectivity Market by Type 1.3.1 Wireless Type 1.3.2 Wired Type 1.4 Fixed Data Connectivity Market by End Users/Application 1.4.1 Enterprise 1.4.2 Government 1.4.3 Home 1.4.4 Other 2 Global Fixed Data Connectivity Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 Fixed Data Connectivity Market Size (Value) by Players (2016 and 2017) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 Intel 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 Fixed Data Connectivity Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 IBM 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 Fixed Data Connectivity Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.2.5 Recent Developments 3.3 Oracle 3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 Fixed Data Connectivity Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.3.5 Recent Developments 3.4 Dell 3.4.1 Company Profile 3.4.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.4.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.4.4 Fixed Data Connectivity Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.4.5 Recent Developments 3.5 Amazone 3.5.1 Company Profile 3.5.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.5.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.5.4 Fixed Data Connectivity Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.5.5 Recent Developments 3.6 Google 3.6.1 Company Profile 3.6.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.6.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.6.4 Fixed Data Connectivity Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.6.5 Recent Developments 3.7 Ebay 3.7.1 Company Profile 3.7.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.7.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.7.4 Fixed Data Connectivity Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.7.5 Recent Developments 3.8 HP 3.8.1 Company Profile 3.8.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.8.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.8.4 Fixed Data Connectivity Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.8.5 Recent Developments 3.9 Lenovo 3.9.1 Company Profile 3.9.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.9.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.9.4 Fixed Data Connectivity Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.9.5 Recent Developments 4 Global Fixed Data Connectivity Market Size by Type and Application (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Fixed Data Connectivity Market Size by Type (2012-2017) 4.2 Global Fixed Data Connectivity Market Size by Application (2012-2017) 4.3 Potential Application of Fixed Data Connectivity in Future 4.4 Top Consumer/End Users of Fixed Data Connectivity 5 United States Fixed Data Connectivity Development Status and Outlook 5.1 United States Fixed Data Connectivity Market Size (2012-2017) 5.2 United States Fixed Data Connectivity Market Size and Market Share by Players (2016 and 2017) 8 China Fixed Data Connectivity Development Status and Outlook 8.1 China Fixed Data Connectivity Market Size (2012-2017) 8.2 China Fixed Data Connectivity Market Size and Market Share by Players (2016 and 2017) Continued… Buy now @ www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&rep… Contact US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) About Us: Wise Guy Reports Is Part Of The Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. And Offers Premium Progressive Statistical Surveying, Market Research Reports, Analysis & Forecast Data For Industries And Governments Around The Globe. Wise Guy Reports Features An Exhaustive List Of Market Research Reports From Hundreds Of Publishers Worldwide. We Boast A Database Spanning Virtually Every Market Category And An Even More Comprehensive Collection Of Market Research Reports Under These Categories And Sub-Categories. Addres: : Wise Guy Research Consultants Pvt Ltd : Pune – 411028 : Maharashtra, India : Ph: +91 841 198 5042 This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fuel Delivery System Market – key vendors in the market are Bellofram Group of Companies, Metso, Honeywell International Inc Next PostNext Wireless Blood Glucose Meter 2017 Global Market Key Players – GE, Roche, Nova Biomedical, Abbott Diabetes Care, General Life Biotechnology, Menarini Diagnostics, TaiDoc Technology, Foracare Suisse, SmartLAB, Infopia, Ascensia Diabetes Care Analysis And Fo Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Broadband Cable Equipment FTTH ISP Satellite Telco Test & Monitor Broadcast Advertising Ads Targetted Digital Radio DSO DTH/Satellite DTT/DSO FTA Pay TV Services VOD Catch Up Premium Business Funding IPO Joint Venture M&A People Regulation Policy Spectrum Standards Results Content app CA/DRM CDNs Games Piracy Production Rights UGC VR Work flow In Home Home Network PVR STB Mobile APPS Companion devices MNO Mobile TV Portable Media OTT Connected TV HbbTV IPTV Middleware IPG Search/Recommendation OTT UGC Research Consumer Behaviour Equipment Markets Social Media UHD Equipment Production Ultra-HD/4K White Papers China + Thaicom working with Measat and SES By Chris Forrester April 3, 2017 Beijing Star Time Telecommunications Technology has emerged as the ‘secret’ business linked with Thailand’s Thaicom to build two giant communications satellites, and perhaps a new LEO constellation. One satellite is already being built by China’s Great Wall Industry Corp (CGWIC) and scheduled for launch in late 2019. CGWIC is one of Beijing Star Times (BST) owners, and trade magazine Space Intel News is reporting that BST has made approaches to a number of ‘Western’ companies including ViaSat of California and Hughes Network Systems on potential cooperation and specific technical advice. BST is also reportedly working with satellite operators Measat of Malaysia and SES of Luxembourg, although Space Intel says it is not yet clear what the level of cooperation might be. Thaicom’s relationship with BST already extends to a $208 million order for a Ka-band satellite, which is wholly pre-sold in terms of its in-orbit capacity to the Chinese.  BST specifically says: “[the satellite] will be completed its (Ka) network coverage in 2019 in Southeast Asia, Indochina Peninsula and China Mainland, two satellites’ total capacity are up to 120Gbps. BST has reached technical cooperation intention with international satellite industry’s giants such as ViaSat, Hughes and SES. BST will provide users with the best quality broadband Internet experience. At present, BST had completed its international layout in Thailand, Malaysia, Australia, Philippines, Korea, the United States of America, Hong Kong and other countries and areas.” Related posts: Thaicom buying Chinese satellite Measat wants partnership MEASAT-3b progresses towards launch Measat confirms 3 new satellites MEASAT-3b launch timings confirmed You must be logged in to post a comment Login LATEST NEWS Apple wants to sell Premium Bundles Japan: Fully UHD by 2025 4-screen measurement revealed 4K UHD ‘well set’ Japanese networks in streaming pact SpaceX slashes the cost of getting into orbit Friend MTS joins beIN in anti-piracy fight Aussie viewers love TV on their terms Freeview guide expands to meet new channel demand China + Thaicom working with Measat and SES Search Archive Select a Month Click to Select April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 0 Select a Category Click to Select Articles Broadband    Cable    Equipment    FTTH    ISP    Satellite    Telco    Test & Monitor Broadcast    Advertising       Ads       Targetted    Digital Radio    DSO    DTH/Satellite    DTT/DSO    FTA    Pay TV    Services    VOD       Catch Up       Premium Business    Funding    IPO    Joint Venture    M&A    People    Regulation       Policy       Spectrum       Standards    Results Content    app    CA/DRM    CDNs    Games    Piracy    Production    Rights    UGC    VR    Work flow Events Guest Blog    Inside Satellite    Off Message    Third Party Headline In Home    Home Network    PVR    STB Magazines    EuroMedia    IPTV Mobile    APPS    Companion devices    MNO    Mobile TV    Portable Media OTT    Connected TV    HbbTV    IPTV    Middleware       IPG       Search/Recommendation    OTT    UGC Photo Press Releases Research    Consumer Behaviour    Equipment    Markets Research Library    Research TV Channel Social Media UHD    Equipment    Production    Ultra-HD/4K Video White Papers Search by Keyword Broadband Broadcast Business Content In Home Mobile OTT Research Social Media UHD White Papers Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Copyright Advanced Television Ltd © 2001–2017 Maintained by Elrond Limited Advanced Television Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Atomic  »  Review Review: ASRock Fatal1ty H270 Performance motherboard by  Bennett Ring  |  Monday 3 April 2017  | Comment Now Rating Overall: 45 "As usual, ASRock has over-delivered when compared to the competition, and has even pushed the edge when it comes to features like overclocking." Supplier ASRock www.asrock.com Price $190 AUD > Pricing info Specs H270 chipset • 6 x SATA 6Gbps; 2 x Ultra M.2 • SoundBlaster Cinema 3 Audio • Intel Gigabit Ethernet. Tweet Email this Print this Feedback ASRock pushes the H270 to the limit. When Kaby Lake launched, we weren’t exactly blown away by its raw CPU performance, nor its overclocking abilities. While its media engine received a nice upgrade, the CPU cores themselves didn’t seem to have made much ground. What was more exciting was the release of the Z270 chipset, which offered up many more PCIe lanes and widespread support for USB 3.0 Type C and high-speed M.2 drives. This month sees our first review of the next chipset in the Kaby Lake arsenal, the H270. Aimed at a slightly more affordable, mainstream market, what has Intel taken away from the Z270 to save on costs?  When it comes to High Speed IO lanes, both chipsets are identical, with 30 each. However, as we’d anticipated, the number of PCIe 3.0 lanes has dropped a little. The Z270 shipped with 24, while the H270 trims this back to 20. In reality, this means it can support one less M.2 PCIe 3.0 x4 SSD, which isn’t a huge deal. What is more concerning is the lack of configurations for the PCIe 3.0 lanes. The motherboard we’re reviewing comes with twin full length PCIe lanes, one of which runs in x16 mode while the other runs in x4 mode. This means there’s no support for Nvidia’s SLI, but AMD’s CrossFire will work fine. Four more x1 slots are included for your less demanding peripherals.  There’s also no official support for overclocking on the H270 chipset, yet ASrock has enabled overclocking on this board. The total number of USB 2.0 ports supported by the H270 is identical to the Z270, at fourteen, yet the number of USB 3.0 ports has dropped slightly, down to eight from ten. They also both support a maximum of six SATA 6Gbps ports. Other than that, it’s all much of a muchness. Both support the same amount of memory, though the H270 defaults to 2133MHz instead of the 2400MHz of the Z270. This is an extremely minor drop though, so performance should be basically identical to the Z270, as there are no other changes.  Now that we’ve dug deeper into the minor differences between the two chipsets, let’s see how ASRock has implemented the H270 into an affordable gaming motherboard. We’ve already covered the physical PCIe slots, but what about storage options? ASRock has stuck with the default number of SATA 6Gbps slots, with six in total. However, they’ve generously delivered twin Ultra M.2 slots, while video outputs are taken care of by HDMI, DVI-D and D-sub.  The LED lighting system isn’t overly complex, with lights on the power circuitry heatsink, PCH heatsink, and the audio system shield. Speaking of audio, the Realtek ALC1220 is beefed up with high-end capacitors and a dedicated TI® NE5532 headset amplifier, all of which is controlled by Creative’s SoundBlaster Cinema 3 software. Intel’s I219V Ethernet controller delivers network connectivity.  As mentioned earlier, ASRock has enabled overclocking of K-class CPUs on this motherboard, and it also supports 2400MHz memory, which should put its performance right in line with more expensive Z270 boards. Given that Intel wasn’t too happy about manufacturers enabling overclocking on the H170 chipset, it’s a pleasant surprise to see that ASRock doesn’t seem too fussed about including it on the successor.  Triple USB 2.0 ports reside next to another two USB 3.0 Type A connectors and a single USB 3.0 Type-C connector. This doesn’t appear to be Thunderbolt enabled; to get this, you’ll need to attach an optional Thunderbolt AIC to one of two connectors on the board.  As usual, ASRock has over-delivered when compared to the competition, and has even pushed the edge when it comes to features like overclocking. Unfortunately we weren’t able to benchmark this motherboard due to a lack of a CPU at the time, but we’re confident it’ll keep up with higher-priced Z270 boards given our experience with ASRock products in the past and the factory memory overclock. If you’re looking for a new gaming board but don’t want to spend more than $200, you really can’t go wrong with this home for your CPU.  Related Reviews Review: MSI X99A Tomahawk motherboard hits close to the mark Review: MSI Z170A Mpower Gaming Titanium motherboard MSI X99A Xpower Gaming Titanium Gigabyte GA-X99-Designare EX ASRock Fatal1ty X99 Professional Gaming i7 Source: Copyright © PC & Tech Authority. All rights reserved. See more about:  asrock fatal1ty h270 performance  |  motherboard  |  overclocking  |  pc hardware  |  review   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   NOTE: You must be a registered member of PC & Tech Authority to post a comment. Click here to login | Click here to register More in Atomic (1 of 10 articles) NEWS MSI doubles down on RGB lighting with Mystic Light Sync << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (2 of 10 articles) REVIEW One Minute Review: Asus ROG Spatha gaming mouse << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (3 of 10 articles) NEWS The HTC Vive just got $US100 cheaper - and a lot better << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (4 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: ASRock Fatal1ty H270 Performance motherboard << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Asus reveals new watercooled GTX 1080 Ti video card << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (6 of 10 articles) REVIEW One Minute Review: Asus ROG Centurion << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Friday Linky Links: Tasty, newsy, treats << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Intel's Optane aims to give hard drives the speed of SSDs << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (9 of 10 articles) NEWS New 12-core Ryzen processor spotted in the wild << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (10 of 10 articles) NEWS Sign up for MSI's community event next month << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest Competitions   Win!!! A Galax GTX 1070 EXOC SNPR White video card! Get some gaming PC power for your next PC upgrade!   Latest in Atomic News MSI doubles down on RGB lighting with Mystic Light Sync Review One Minute Review: Asus ROG Spatha gaming mouse Feature Friday Linky Links: Now with brains AND brawn Group Test Group Test: X99 Motherboards shift into top gear Gallery Intel Extreme Masters' Expo show floor From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero What's new in Windows 10's Creators Update How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? Tip: Your shop can use a smartphone instead of an EFTPOS terminal How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Oracle could be considering acquisition of Accenture: report CSC and HPE Enterprise Services new company launch date revealed Who partied at CRN Pipeline Melbourne? Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia Cirrus Networks acquires NGage Technology Group The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 It's over: Banks lose Apple Pay fight PwC Australia's move to 'cloud-only' IT Qantas cancels launch of free inflight wi-fi Behind the scenes of Telstra's mission-critical cloud migration 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege The rise and fall of Warhammer games Interview: Stardock's Brad Wardell on the return of Star Control First Thoughts: New-to-franchise player vs Mass Effect Andromeda About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Better late than never: Oppo R9, R9 Plus, and F1s get Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) update 5 minutes ago Apple has placed an order with Samsung for 70 million flexible OLED displays 1 hour ago New details emerge about HTC's next flagship 'Ocean' 2 hours ago Microsoft files patent for a 'Dual Display Device' with an e-paper display 2 hours ago View all recent news Microsoft files patent for a 'Dual Display Device' with an e-paper display 2 hours ago Xbox One Insider build 15063.2011 is now available in the Alpha ring - here's what's new 4 hours ago Microsoft's Beam is celebrating its official Xbox One launch with 'Theme Week' and giveaways 5 hours ago New Windows 10 for PCs cumulative updates are rolling out to Insiders - here's what's new 8 hours ago View all Microsoft news Better late than never: Oppo R9, R9 Plus, and F1s get Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) update 5 minutes ago Google's Daydream isn't yet compatible with the Galaxy S8 and S8+ 10 hours ago Android 7.1.2 Nougat images are now available; Nexus 6 and 9 officially unsupported 12 hours ago StatCounter: Android dethrones Windows as the most used operating system 12 hours ago View all Google news Apple has placed an order with Samsung for 70 million flexible OLED displays 1 hour ago Apple begins to think differently about TV - might bundle HBO, Showtime, and Starz 4 hours ago Apple releases iOS 10.3.1, fixing a Wi-Fi vulnerability 13 hours ago Telegram releases calls to more continents after Europe-only test 17 hours ago View all Apple news Revo Uninstaller Free 2.0.3 23 minutes ago SMPlayer 17.4.0 1 hour ago Insofta Cover Commander 5.0 19 hours ago Shotcut 17.04 19 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Logitech BRIO review: The best webcam you can buy Mar 28, 2017 Oukitel U15S review: A combination of wrong choices Mar 20, 2017 Nintendo Switch Review: Jack of all trades or master (system) of none? Mar 12, 2017 ZTE Blade V8 Pro Review: A phone that attempts to deliver everything you want for under $230 Mar 7, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials Samsung's Galaxy S8 goes shark diving with T-Mobile's latest underwater unboxing Mar 30, 2017 Unboxing and application of the Spigen GLAS.tR SLIM HD screen protector for Nintendo Switch Mar 27, 2017 LG G6 unboxing and first impressions Mar 26, 2017 Unboxing the Nintendo Switch Pro Controller Mar 24, 2017 View all unboxings Android 7.1.2 Nougat is reportedly rolling out to some devices Apr 3, 2017 Windows 10 user base on Steam reaches all-time high of 51.2% Apr 2, 2017 New Windows 10 for PCs cumulative updates are rolling out to Insiders - here's what's new 9 hours ago Microsoft now offering $200 off entry-level Surface Book in the US 20 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Grab a lifetime subscription to TigerVPN for only $29 - limited time offer 17 hours ago Save 96% off this Agile Project Management Training, get for just $39 via Neowin Deals Mar 31, 2017 Get a lifetime subscription to the eduCBA Tech Training Bundle for just $49 Mar 30, 2017 You can pick up the Linksys N600+ Dual-Band Smart Wi-Fi Wireless Router for just $37.99 Mar 29, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ AIDA64 5.90.4200 By Razvan Serea News Reporter Neowin LLC · Mar 31, 2017 with 0 comments AIDA64 Extreme Edition is a streamlined Windows diagnostic and benchmarking software for home users. AIDA64 Extreme Edition provides a wide range of features to assist in overclocking, hardware error diagnosis, stress testing, and sensor monitoring. It has unique capabilities to assess the performance of the processor, system memory, and disk drives. AIDA64 Business Edition is an essential Windows network management solution for small and medium scale enterprises. AIDA64 Business Edition provides a wide range of features to compile, manage, and analyse hardware and software inventory of corporate computer networks. Its capabilities cover local and remote system diagnosis, network monitoring, remote control, and license management. Changes in AIDA64 v5.90.4200: AVX2 and FMA accelerated 64-bit benchmarks for AMD Ryzen Summit Ridge processors Microsoft Windows 10 Creators Update support Optimized 64-bit benchmarks for Intel Apollo Lake SoC Improved support for Intel Cannonlake, Coffee Lake, Denverton, Kaby Lake-X, Skylake-X CPUs Preliminary support for AMD Zen server processors Preliminary support for Intel Gemini Lake SoC and Knights Mill HPC CPU NZXT Kraken X52 sensor support Socket AM4 motherboards support Improved support for Intel B250, H270, Q270 and Z270 chipset based motherboards EastRising ER-OLEDM032 (SSD1322) OLED support SMBIOS 3.1.1 support Crucial M600, Crucial MX300, Intel Pro 5400s, SanDisk Plus, WD Blue SSD support Improved support for Samsung NVMe SSDs Advanced support for HighPoint RocketRAID 27xx RAID controllers GPU details for nVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti, Quadro GP100, Tesla P6 Download: AIDA64 Extreme Edition 5.90.4200 | Portable | ~50.0 MB (Shareware) Download: AIDA64 Business Edition 5.90.4200 | 44.8 MB View: AIDA64 Homepage Tags Finalwire Aida64 Hardware info Benchmark System diagnostic Hardware specs System info Hardware information Hardware benchmark Hardware inventory Shareware Software Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Google Chrome 57.0.2987.133 Next Story VMware Workstation Player 12.5.5 Advertisement Community Activity Refresh Better late than never: Oppo R9, R9 Plus, and F1s get Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) update in Front Page News Ex-Russian Lawmaker Who Turned on Putin Shot Dead in Kiev in Real World News Revo Uninstaller Free 2.0.3 in Front Page News Microsoft files patent for a 'Dual Display Device' with an e-paper display in Front Page News Apple has placed an order with Samsung for 70 million flexible OLED displays in Front Page News Trending Stories Android 7.1.2 Nougat is reportedly rolling out to some devices Apr 3, 2017 with 8 comments Windows 10 user base on Steam reaches all-time high of 51.2% Apr 2, 2017 with 36 comments New Windows 10 for PCs cumulative updates are rolling out to Insiders - here's what's new 8 hours ago with 6 comments Microsoft now offering $200 off entry-level Surface Book in the US 19 hours ago with 1 comment Related Stories Core Temp 1.7 Mar 18, 2017 HWiNFO64 5.46 Mar 8, 2017 Core Temp 1.6 Feb 21, 2017 HWiNFO 5.44 Feb 1, 2017 deals TigerVPN: Lifetime Subscription $780.00 $29.00 96% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $39.00 92% off Pay What You Want: Ashampoo Best Selling Software Bundle $429.92 $1.00 100% off eduCBA Tech Training Bundle: Lifetime Subscription $2,299.00 $49.00 98% off Private Internet Access VPN: 2-Yr Subscription $166.00 $59.95 64% off Show Comments 0 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] The new features and improvements coming soon to Windows 10 tall promo only video LG G6: Unboxing and first impressions lg g6 unpacked 2017 Samsung unveils Galaxy S8 and S8+, with DeX desktop mode and Bixby 'intelligent assistant' samsung galaxy s8 review Logitech BRIO: The best webcam you can buy logitech brio Microsoft to sell Galaxy S8 and S8+ 'Microsoft Edition' at its stores galaxy s8 microsoft edition GET UP TO SPEED! Catch up with our handy walkthrough of the week's top tech news 7 days Creators Update rollout will begin for PCs on April 11; and for Mobile on April 25 tall promo only Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Fog Computing Market Growth, Opportunities, Key Players and Investment Assesment to 2021 Summary Orbis Research Present’s The Global Fog Computing Market to grow at a CAGR of 60.67% during the period 2017-2021. Description New Research into: Global Fog Computing Market 2017-2021 The Following Companies as the Key Players in the Global Fog Computing Market: Cisco Systems, IBM, and Intel. Other Prominent Vendors in the market are: ARM, AT&T, Cradlepoint, Dell, General Electric, Hitachi Data Systems, FogHorn Systems, Fujitsu, PrismTech, Schneider Electric, Microsoft, and Nebbiolo Technologies. Commenting on the report,: “M2M enables machines to connect and interact securely over a network. It also keeps track of safety and security measures by providing remote access, 24×7 monitoring, and automated emergency response. M2M is an important feature in the telecom and IT landscape as it helps connect remote sensing, monitoring, and actuating devices. M2M communication systems in the transportation sector are gaining prominence quickly in the market. These systems enable communication among smart devices over a wired or wireless networking infrastructure.” According to the report, the increased adoption of communication devices in the transportation sector and the emergence of new players in the market have led to a decline in the prices of communication devices. Also, technological advances have helped the transportation and logistics sector to simplify commercial transportation systems. This has accelerated the development of low-cost communication devices. The cost of sensors is also declining as a large number of established and start-up firms develop sensor devices for IoT. The sensors are an important component of IoT in the transportation system. Declining prices of the sensors have encouraged transportation authorities to build smart transportation systems. Thus, the affordability of components of IoT devices has increased the adoption rate of IoT in the transportation sector. Get a PDF Sample of Global Fog Computing Market Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/199568 Further, the report states that the large-scale commercial use of IoT is hindered by the lack of standardization. In the IoT network, standardization is necessary in the technical and application layers. The technical layer involves communication protocols for carrier-level communication, terminal description and service discovery mechanisms, and application data switching mechanisms. The application layer includes terminals, communication protocols, and application specifications. However, there are no specific standards for technical and application layer communications in an IoT framework, which limit the adoption of IoT among the end-users. The study was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the industry. The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors CategoriesUncategorized Tagsand Intel, Cisco Systems, Cloud Computing, Fog Computing, Google News, ibm, IoT, M2M, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality Gear Market Demands, Revenue, Growth and Future Outlook 2021 Next PostNext Global Higher Education Testing and Assessment Market Growth Prospects, Trends Analysis, Demands and Development to 2022 Search Recent Posts Canal Project Turns Wastelands into Farmlands in Northern Afghanistan Global Recruitment Process Outsourcing Market by Key Players, Drivers, Growth and Sales Volume to 2021 Global Recruitment Process Outsourcing Market by Key Players, Drivers, Growth and Sales Volume to 2021 Compte-Nickel and BNP Paribas join forces to strengthen commercial partnership with the Confédération des Buralistes de France Global Higher Education Testing and Assessment Market Growth Prospects, Trends Analysis, Demands and Development to 2022 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News 2017-2022 United States Educational Software Market Report (Status and Outlook), Projections & Estimations, Growth Opportunities & Global Scenario 2021 Market Research Report 2017-2022 United States Educational Software Market Report (Status and Outlook) Big Market Research has added a report, titled, “2017-2022 United States Educational Software Market.” The report provides a detailed information and analysis of production, revenue, drivers & opportunities, key manufacturers, and competitive landscape. Furthermore, current market trends and growth opportunities are discussed along with extensive analysis of each segment for the historic period, 2012–2017 and the forecast period, 2017–2022. The report provides insights on manufacturing cost structure, marketing channels, marketing channels, and distributors & traders analysis. This study is helpful for market players, investors, and shareholders acquire thorough information and statistics to make better decisions for the future. Sample Report of 2017-2022 United States Educational Software Market Available Here !! www.bigmarketresearch.com/request-sample/1027625 An overview of 2017-2022 United States Educational Software Market is offered on the basis of product overview and detailed segmentation of the industry. The research provides market segmentation based on types, applications, and geography. Each type of Powered Data Buoy is analyzed with insights on production and production market share for 2016 along with key manufacturers for each type enlisted using a tabular representation. Furthermore, consumption market share for each application is offered in the research for 2016 in a tabular format. Regional analysis is discussed in terms of current market status and growth prospects for the period, 2012–2022. Geographies analyzed in the study are North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India. Statistics on revenue and growth rate for each region are mentioned with the help of figures for the historic period and the forecast period. Market competition on the basis of manufacturers is discussed in the research along with insights on production, revenue, production market share, and revenue market share for 2016 and 2017. Moreover, significant information on manufacturing base distribution, product type, and sales area of each manufacturer are also covered. Comprehensive information on competitive situation and trends are provided based on market share of top three & top six manufacturers, market concentration rate, and strategies such as mergers & acquisition, expansion, partnerships, and others adopted by them for business growth. Also Request For Discount : www.bigmarketresearch.com/purchase-enquiry/1027625 The research provides an extensive analysis of key manufactures operating In 2017-2022 United States Educational Software Market. In United States market, the top players include many company. With key sales data like sales (volume), revenue, market share for top players. such as Neusoft, Wisedu, Jucheng, Kingsun, Hongen, Guangdong Dongtian Digital Technology, Zhengfang Software, Kingosoft, Beijing China Education Star Technology. Intel House Technology. Production, revenue, average price of products, and gross margin for 2016 and 2017 are discussed in a tabular format. Detailed analysis of type, application, and specifications of products of manufacturers are provided along with an overview of business. This information assists industry players in determining competitive intensity and helps investors in determining investment pockets to gain maximum returns. Manufacturing cost analysis is offered in the research based on manufacturing cost structure, raw material analysis, and manufacturing process analysis. A table offers an extensive analysis production base and market concentration rate of raw materials, whereas a figure provides insights on price trends. Key suppliers of raw materials are enlisted in a tabular format. Figure illustrates manufacturing cost structure and manufacturing process analysis. The industrial chain structure is highlighted based on upstream raw material sources, downstream buyers, and sourcing strategies along with tables to provide thorough understanding. Raw materials sources of major manufacturers of United States Educational Software and distributors & traders are enlisted in a tabular format. Marketing strategies are discussed in the study based on marketing channels and market positioning. Insights on technological progress, changing consumer needs, and environmental change are offered to provide market effect factors analysis. Production, revenue, and consumption analysis based on each segment of the industry for the forecast period. Research findings and conclusions are mentioned at the end of the research. Split by product types/category, covering many types. with sales, revenue and market share for each type, such as • K-12 Educational Software • University Education Software • Adult Education Software • Elderly Education Software Split by applications/end use industries, covers many application. This report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Educational Software in each application. such as • Quality-oriented Education Software Examination-oriented Education Software Enquire About Report @ www.bigmarketresearch.com/report-enquiry/1027625 Table of Contents • 2017-2022 United States Educational Software Market Report (Status and Outlook) • 1 Educational Software Market Overview • Product Overview and Scope of Educational Software • Educational Software Market Segment by Types • United States Educational Software Sales Present Situation and Outlook by Types (2012-2022) • United States Educational Software Sales Market Share by Types in 2016 • K-12 Educational Software • University Education Software • Adult Education Software • Elderly Education Software • United States Educational Software Market Segment by Applications/End Use Industries • United States Educational Software Sales Present Situation and Outlook by Applications/End Industrials (2012-2022) • United States Educational Software Sales Market Share by Types in 2016 • Quality-oriented Education Software • Examination-oriented Education Software • United States Educational Software Overview and Market Size (Value) (2012-2022) • United States Market Educational Software Overview • United States Educational Software Market Size (Value and Volume) Status and Forecast (2012-2022) • United States Educational Software Sales, Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Vendors/Manufacturers • United States Educational Software Sales and Market Share (2012-2017) by Vendors/Manufacturers • United States Educational Software Revenue and Market Share by Vendors (2012-2017) • United States Educational Software Average Price by Vendors in 2016 • United States Educational Software Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area, Product Types by Find More Reports : www.bigmarketresearch.com/lpinformationdata-publisher With the arsenal of different search reports, Big Market Research helps you here to look and buy research reports that will be helpful to you and your organization. Our research reports have the capability and authenticity to support your organization for growth and consistency. With the window of opportunity getting open and shut at a speed of light, it has become very important to survive in the market and only the fittest and competent enough can do so. So, we try and provide with latest changes in the market that can suit your needs and help you take decision accordingly Contact Us: 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive, #205, Portland, OR 97220 United States Direct :+ 1-503-894-6022 Toll Free : + 1-800-910-6452 help@bigmarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Shefik Launches His ‘Invocation’ at Audio Fuzz Next PostNext 2017-2022 United States Data Center Construction Market (Status and Outlook) , Industry Status & Growth Prospects 2022 Search Recent Posts Urgent Announcement Global Feed Phytobiotics Industry Depth Research Estimated to grow at a CAGR 5% in Forecast 2021 Clothing Brand That Donates 49% of Profits to Abused Dogs Trademarks its Slogan- Size Does Not Matter, Fit Does Perlite Canada Inc. Announces its Results for for the First Quarter of 2017 Hormonal Contraception Market Facts, Figures and Analytical Insights, 2016 to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
ITBusiness.ca | Business Advantage Through Technology Follow Us Follow @itbusinessca Like us on FacebookContact Us G+ RSS Search for: Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content ITBusiness.ca Menu CMO Digital HR Mobile Operations Leadership Security Tutorials Finance Sports Blogs Events Videos Slideshows Executive Operations Sales and Marketing Security Return of McAfee corporate brand brings mix of risk and reward, experts say Brian Jackson @brianjjackson Published: April 4th, 2017 What’s old is new again as McAfee is once again operating as an independent company, and the latest twist in this 30-year branding story brings a strange mix of being affiliated with its controversial namesake as well as market recognition as a security leader. On Tuesday, McAfee Corp. announced it’s now operating as an independent cybersecurity firm, with a valuation that ranks it among the most valuable brands in the field. The announcement follows up on a September 2016 deal between Intel Corp. and TPG to spin out Intel Security as a jointly-owned and independent company in which TPG would own 51 per cent and Intel would own 49 per cent. The decision to go back to the McAfee name wasn’t made lightly, according to Steve Grogman, chief technology officer at the new organization. “There was nothing that forced us to use the McAfee brand,” he says. “But when we analyzed it we found the McAfee brand has immense value in the cyber security space both as a consumer and a business cyber security brand.” In going back to the McAfee brand, the company is basically undoing what Intel CEO Brian Krzanich announced during a CES keynote in 2014. There, he said McAfee would be rebranded as Intel Security. Intel acquired McAfee in 2010 for $7.7 billion and closed the acquisition in February 2011. At the time of Krzanich’s announcement, many thought the move was designed to distance Intel from John McAfee, the original founder of the firm. Just six months prior to the announcement, McAfee made a colourful Youtube video How to Uninstall McAfee Antivirus. He was also named as a person of interest by Belize police after the murder of one of his neighbours in 2012. McAfee now resides in the U.S. and helms investment firm MGT Capital Investments Inc., which is building a portfolio of cybersecurity technologies. John and MGT filed a lawsuit seeking to use the McAfee name as its new corporate title, but Intel objected because of its growing activities in the cyber security field. The positives for Intel and TPG’s joint venture is in returning to a corporate brand name that holds a lot of equity in the cybersecurity field, says Axle Davids, CEO of Distility, a corporate branding service based in Toronto. “It isn’t the return of the McAfee brand, as much as the Intel brand leaving the stage,” he says. “Before: Simon & Garfunkle. After: Paul Simon.” Even after Krzanich’s announcement, Intel Security still used the McAfee brand on many of its products. That’s a good way to manage a big brand transition, says Cheryl Sylvester, coach and consultant at Beyond Success Leadership. It’d be normal to see Intel use the old brand on products already introduced, and then slowly push out their new brand as new products were released. “Part of the brand process is to understand the current positioning in the customer base, matched with your ambitions for that brand,” she says. “It’s not just a logo you slap on things, it actually needs to be reflected throughout the entire experience with the brand and product.” It’s likely that Intel’s rebranding activities were postponed once the company started considering a spinoff. But while returning to the tried and true brand of McAfee does carry with it the risk of being associated with a controversial figure in John McAfee, including a legal one given the lawsuits filed late last year. “In a situation like this, a negative association with a personae that is still operating and wants to use their family name as a trademark, that can create all sorts of entanglement in the future and trademark conflict,” Davids says. “It’s very difficult to trademark a family name, which is why it’s so unpopular to adopt one.” Intel stated in court filings it had no problem with John using his name for businesses not related to security. But it draws the line in the context of a new security company. “I’d want to know from my marketplace what association they have with that brand before I launch it,” Sylvester says. Grogman says McAfee has done just that. “Based on our testing and analysis we are firmly committed and highly confident that the McAfee brand will serve us well and will be better than creating a new brand from scratch,” he says. Intel and TPG aren’t alone in feeling the McAfee name is worth something in the security market. Late last year Toronto-based Equibit Development Corp. announced that John McAfee had accepted a position as its chief security officer. He later denied that, and the firm clairied he was in an advisory role. McAfee brand timeline 1987 John McAfee establishes McAfee Associates. 1994 John McAfee resigns from the company and sells his stake. Aug. 1996 McAfee acquires Calgary’s FSA Corp., which helps them expand security offerings beyond just anti-virus. 1997 McAfee enters a four-way merger agreement with Network General, PGP Corp. and Helix Software. Thus, the company changes its name to Network Associates. 1998 As Network Associates, McAfee acquires Trusted Information Systems for its firewall technology. June 2004 McAfee goes back to its original name after it sells its Sniffer Technologies business to a venture capital firm interestingly called Network General. April 2010 Millions of computers around the world with Windows XP Service Pack 3 got infected by a virus after it was updated by McAfee. Aug. 2010 Intel acquires McAfee for a whopping $7.7 billion. February 2011 Intel makes McAfee a wholly-owned subsidiary of the chip making giant. November 2012 Police in Belize name John McAfee a “person of interest” in connection to the murder of an American expatriate. McAfee later flees Belize to Guatemala seeking political asylum. He is later deported back to the U.S. September 2015 John McAfee decides to run for President of the United States. Creates his own party called the Cyber Party. He later decides to run for the Presidency with the Libertarian Party. September 2016 Intel and TPG agree to form a joint venture and turn Intel Security into an independently run vendor. April 2017 McAfee is officially an independent security vendor. – With notes from Howard Solomon and Paolo Del Nibletto  Post to Twitter Post to Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share with Google+ More Articles BlackBerry CEO trumpets Q4 loss of only $47 million USD, teases potential new tablet Executive Operations, Sales and Marketing, Security branding, Intel, Intel Security, John McAfee, McAfee About Brian Jackson Editorial director of IT World Canada. Covering technology as it applies to business users. Multiple COPA award winner and now judge. Paddles a canoe as much as possible. Follow Follow @brianjjackson on Twitter Facebook Join Brian Jackson on LinkedIn Brian Jackson on Gooogle+ Website Tweets by itbusinessca Related Content Intel to acquire self-driving tech company Mobileye in $15 billion deal Intel changing the way NFL replays are handled Top 5 social media stats from Super Bowl 51 Weekly Update – McAfee DOESN’T join EDC, Black Friday woes, making money in the cloud PageBooks Ayelet Baron – Author, speaker and futurist takes us on a journey to the future of work with an engaging series excerpted from her popular columns in ITBusiness.ca Read More GET NEWS AND INSIGHTS CRITICAL TO YOUR BUSINESS Enter your email to receive the IT Business Newsletter and emails of interest from IT World Canada. Keep this field blank ITWC is obtaining consent to send emails. Your information will not be shared outside of ITWC. You may unsubscribe at any time. ITWC | 55 Town Centre Court | Suite 302 | Toronto | Ontario | M1P 4X4 Websites ITWC.ca IT World Canada.com Computer Dealer News.com Direction Informatique.com Publications Digital Security CanadianCIO Computer Dealer News Computing Canada Community Subscribe About Us Contact Us Social Media Tech Videos Tech News Tech Blogs Tech Slideshows Tech Events CMO Digital Find Follow Produced By: © 2017 ITBusiness.ca
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones TVs Computing Apps Cloud Brand Centres Components Desktop PCs Laptops & Convertibles Monitors Networking & WiFi Security Servers & Storage Software & Services Tablets & eBook Windows Hardware & Software Batteries & Energy Blu-ray Cameras (Stills) Cameras (Video) Virtual Assistants Drones Gadgets GPS and Sat Nav Headphones & Earbuds Home Appliances Home Theatre & Entertainment Media Streamers Printers, Scanners & MFDs Set Top Boxes and PVR Smart Watch & Wearables Smart Home Software & Services Speakers VR and AR Wireless routers & networking Business Centre Business Center Home Cloud Cryptocurrency, Bitcoin & Blockchain eCommerce & Retail Fintech Govt. & Telecomms Hardware Innovation IoT Mobility NBN Networking Search Security Servers & Storage Software & Dev Whitepapers Games & Gaming Console PC More 3D Printing A.I. Car Tech Books Broadband Coding & Hacking Copyright & DRM Education Events Fashion Google Government Health Internet Kids & Toys Music & Audio NBN Netflix & SVOD New & Future Tech Privacy Quantum Computing Recycling & Green Tech Science & Space Social Media Sports Robots Tor & Darknet Travel Web/Geek/Nerd culture Wikileaks & Censorship Shop Good Gear Guide > Opinions > ​There's more to Moore’s Law than transistor count... ​There's more to Moore’s Law than transistor counts The implied increase in power is meant to transform into more-meaningful computing Jaan Turon (PC World) on 04 April, 2017 14:40 0 - - - - print email Picture: Krbo (Flickr) The PC industry has faithfully followed Moore’s Law since Gordon Moore first announced in 1965 that the density of transistors on a chip will double every year. What many people don’t know is that Moore’s law was actually revised in 1975 to state that the density doubles every two years instead. Things have been a bit shaky of late and this law is stagnating. The announcement of Intel’s 8th Gen CPU, which is still being powered by a 14nm processor, effectively means that we’ve had the same chip density on the market for some five years. So is Moore’s law dead? Many say it is. I disagree. Moore’s Law, from a purist’s point of view, has always been about computing power. But it isn’t just about cramming more transistors into a space. Instead, it’s about making computing power affordable for the masses. Take a step back and think about the first man on the moon and colour TVs, then the progression to the personal computer — what is the true meaning of Moore’s law? According to Moore: Die sizes were increasing at an exponential rate and as defective densities decreased, chip manufacturers could work with larger areas without losing reduction yields - (cost) Simultaneous evolution to finer minimum dimensions - (functional use, practicality, access) "Circuit and device cleverness" as Moore called it - (systems/devices as a whole that serve a purpose) I interpret these critical points as cost reduction, practical usage, and sub-components working as part of an overall system that is affordable, accessible, usable and purposeful. Depending on who you ask within the industry, the interpretation of Moore’s Law differs. In Moore’s reasoning, it is a “log-linear relationship between device complexity (higher circuit density at reduced cost) and time.” Simply put, it is more-meaningful computing power at affordable prices. This triggers a secondary off-shoot (or complementary law) of Moore’s Law, which is Rock’s Law, but we can save that one for another time. So does that mean that Moore’s Law is akin to a moving goal post? It isn’t about more transistors crammed into a set area; it’s a changing set of guidelines for people to make more meaningful systems. After all, what good is a processor on its own anyway? To better understand this point, let’s look quickly to PC history for some clues. Read more: ​Kogan Atlas UltraSlim Pro laptop: full, in-depth review A quick historical recap (Source: Professor Wouter Den Haan, Chair LSE) Changed Business Practices, Pre-Internet Phase 1, 1970-1995 •1970 mechanical calculators, repetitive retyping, file cards, filing cabinets •1970s. Memory typewriters, electronic calculators Read more ​The rush to be thinnest, fastest and first with technology •1980s. PCs with word processing and spreadsheets •Late 1980s. E-mail, electronic catalogues, T-1 lines, proprietary software Completing the Change, 1995-2005 •Late 1990s. The web, search engines, e-commerce Read more ​Making the PC great again •2000-05 flat screens, airport check-in kiosks •By 2005 the revolution in business practices was almost over (Source: Professor Wouter Den Haan, Chair LSE) Concluding recent PC history From 2005 until now, offices use proprietary information, desktop computers and laptops in pretty much the same way they did post-1994. The current major tech companies and trends that we consider as recent champions of tech growth are Amazon (1994), Google (1998), Wikipedia (2001), iTunes (2001), BlackBerry (2003), Facebook (2004), the iPhone (2007) and the iPad (2010). The effect of the smartphone boom in 2007 and the tablet boom of 2010 I think needs to be discussed separately and I will leave that for another date. It is important to note however, that both inventions have not transformed the way business is done at its core unlike, say, email, the Internet and the PC, which have. The smartphone and tablet are improvements on a category that have already done most of its disruptiveness in the office. The advent of smart watches and Fitbit-like devices can now be seen mostly as a fad that failed to go mainstream and it is something that I personally was challenged with launching into a few years ago. I would say our team did a great job in bypassing this category at the time (IOT and smart devices still have a place, just not for us right now). We also argued that tablets would go the way of Netbooks (remember them?) and it looks like they are not a category that will be able to stand by themselves. We have an onslaught of 2-in-1 devices coming and they seem to be a rather logical evolution of the notebook PC, taking the good elements from tablets and becoming a meaningful device for some users, but for now, let’s go back to Moore’s law. To put it really simply, Moore’s Law means something different to everyone. For me as a computer designer, it means making powerful computers that are affordable and useful. Hence, from that perspective, I think Moore’s Law is far from dead. Thus, as a team, we are going to carry on making more powerful computers that can do more, not just because they have double the density of transistors, but because this implied increase in power is meant to transform into more-meaningful computing. At the end of the day, wouldn’t having better battery life, a faster hard drive, better screen and Wi-Fi be meaningless unless it amounted to better performance and a more positive value-added computing experience? If we could also keep it affordable, then Moore’s Law is well and truly alive and it continues to benefit us all. A sustainability angle should probably also be added to it i.e. we need to think of the full product life-cycle of a device and its flow-on effects of its own ecosystem (e.g. cable, etc). After all, Moore’s law has changed before and it can be adjusted again. Jaan Turon is Chief Designer and Director of Venom Computers | Twitter | Instagram: jaanturon HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 More from HP Inc Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags notebooksintelVenom Computers Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Jaan Turon PC World Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Essentials Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive Learn more > Microsoft L5V-00027 Sculpt Ergonomic Keyboard Desktop Learn more > Epson EcoTank Expression ET-2500 Learn more > Linksys AC5400 MU-MIMO Gigabit router Learn more > Samsung portable 1TB T3 drive Learn more > Epson WorkForce ET-4550 Learn more > Everki ContemPRO Roll Top Laptop Backpack Learn more > UE Boom 2 Bluetooth speaker Learn more > Smart LED Bulb LB130 Learn more > Mobile Belkin MIXIT Metallic Lightning to USB Cable Learn more > Logitech G403 Prodigy mouse Learn more > Google Daydream VR headset Learn more > Huawei Mate 9 Learn more > Acer Swift 7 Learn more > Lexar® Portable SSD  Learn more > 3SIXT Ultra HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S45 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Surface Book Learn more > Epson WorkForce DS-360W Learn more > Epson EB-1776W Learn more > Exec Surface Pro 4 Learn more > Dell Inspiron 5000 series 2-in-1 Learn more > Garmin Fenix Chronos smartwatch Learn more > Dell XPS 13 laptop Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20c USB Type-C flash drive  Learn more > Blade 28 backpack by Arc’teryx Learn more > Audio-Technica ATH-ANC70 Noise Cancelling Headphones Learn more > HD Pan/Tilt Wi-Fi Camera with Night Vision NC450 Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1800x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards  Learn more > HP Pavilion x360 13” Learn more > Dell P2715Q Learn more > Budget Smart Wi-Fi Plug HS110 Learn more > Samsung 960 EVO M.2 hard drive Learn more > Canon EOS 1300d Learn more > Jabra Sport Pace earbuds Learn more > Evapolar USB air conditioner review Learn more > Lifeproof Fre phone case Learn more > Oppo R9s Learn more > Boost Mobile SIM Learn more > Back To Business Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Subaru XV 2017 review 2 ​Gigabyte Aorus GA-AX370-Gaming 5 AMD Ryzen AM4 motherboard review 3 ​Kogan curved 4K UHD 55-inch LED LCD TV review 4 ​Panasonic Blu-ray recorder PVR set-top box review 5 ​Garmin Fenix Chronos fitness tracker smartwatch review Latest News Articles ​There's more to Moore’s Law than transistor counts Sonos Playbase review: Oddly enough, it sounds better playing music than movie soundtracks Intel divests McAfee after rough marriage, will now secure hardware Notorious iOS spyware has an Android sibling How to rescue your PC from ransomware Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles PCW Evaluation Team Azadeh Williams HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 A smarter way to print for busy small business owners, combining speedy printing with scanning and copying, making it easier to produce high quality documents and images at a touch of a button. Andrew Grant HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 I've had a multifunction printer in the office going on 10 years now. It was a neat bit of kit back in the day -- print, copy, scan, fax -- when printing over WiFi felt a bit like magic. It’s seen better days though and an upgrade’s well overdue. This HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 looks like it ticks all the same boxes: print, copy, scan, and fax. (Really? Does anyone fax anything any more? I guess it's good to know the facility’s there, just in case.) Printing over WiFi is more-or- less standard these days. Ed Dawson HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 As a freelance writer who is always on the go, I like my technology to be both efficient and effective so I can do my job well. The HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 Inkjet Printer ticks all the boxes in terms of form factor, performance and user interface. Michael Hargreaves Windows 10 for Business / Dell XPS 13 I’d happily recommend this touchscreen laptop and Windows 10 as a great way to get serious work done at a desk or on the road. Aysha Strobbe Windows 10 / HP Spectre x360 Ultimately, I think the Windows 10 environment is excellent for me as it caters for so many different uses. The inclusion of the Xbox app is also great for when you need some downtime too! Mark Escubio Windows 10 / Lenovo Yoga 910 For me, the Xbox Play Anywhere is a great new feature as it allows you to play your current Xbox games with higher resolutions and better graphics without forking out extra cash for another copy. Although available titles are still scarce, but I’m sure it will grow in time. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content LG G6 phone: full, in-depth review ​Subaru XV 2017 review ​Samsung Galaxy A5 2017 phone: Full, in-depth review Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTSocial Media ExecutiveNSW FTFinance Senior Business Analyst (Workforce Management)NSW FTGraduate Application Support Analyst -SMSF SoftwareNSW FTProcurement Business AnalystVIC FTSeeking all Java Developers!WA FTSenior Test AnalystSA FTTechnical Business AnalystVIC FTScrum MasterNSW TPDigital Business AnalystNSW FTSAP ABAP Technical specialistACT FTSeeking all Java Developers!SA CCSenior Business AnalystNSW CC.net Developer (Front and Back end)QLD CCCommunications Network EngineerWA FTSAP Payroll and Time ConsultantVIC FTChief Architect - Public SectorACT CCBusiness Analyst - Cyber Security EnvironmentACT FTFull stack Developer | 3 mth ContractVIC FTEDRMS Officers roles - APS3/APS4/AP6ACT FTApplication Support Analyst - SMSF solutions - www.class.com.auNSW FTSenior Change ManagerNSW TPSenior SAP Time and Payroll Functional ConsultantQLD CCSAP Transition ManagerACT TPProject SchedulerVIC FTContracts ManagerNSW Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles Australian enterprises face threat from compromised MSPs computerworld.com.au Security industry “has failed the customer”, exec concedes as reborn McAfee spruiks consulting, integration growth cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au Optus beefs up connectivity and support for the Gold Coast 2018 Commonwealth Games arnnet.com.au ​Coca-Cola data chief on the art of connecting with customers cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Salone Monitor.com Online Reviews By Salone Monitor Search Main menu Skip to primary content Home Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Post navigation ← Previous Next → Dell Online (Case Study) Posted on April 3, 2017 by admin Background (General Facts from Case Study) Dell is a computer corporation recognized for manufacturing computer systems through parts assemble. In 1983, Michael Dell saw an opportunity in using IBM compatible computers for a new assembly line that can be sold to local businesses. The idea as explained by Michael Dell, in an interview with Joan Magretta[1], is that in the early days of computers’ manufacturing, companies had to be able to produce every part of the system. As the industry matured, companies started to focus on single parts and to become specialized in creating items that can be assembled with other parts to prepare a computer. As a result, Dell understood that to have a competitive edge in the market, they needed to focus on activities that drive sales instead of putting capital in producing items that other manufactures are already creating. In the 1990’s, the computer market revolved around desktops, notebooks, and network servers. Dell competed with high-end machines from IBM, HP, and Compaq with a product line that provided value-priced systems for consumers and highly reliable networked systems for business. In the late 90’s, around 40% of households owned a pc in the US. On the contrary, from the business side, around 80% of the companies still had old server and desktop machines. Management had to approve purchasing orders, which resulted in only 2.2% of servers’ sale in comparison to the total purchases for desktop PCs in 1996. In order for Dell to achieve $7.8 billion from sales in the late 90’s, it had to skip over the traditional channels of using retail or value-added resellers (VARs) to sell directly to the consumers . The “direct-model “or as Michael Dell comments on how his new employees call it “The model” is not that all powerful system. It is simply a way for Dell to cut on the standard supply chain cycle and deliver goods directly from the manufacturer to the customer. They created partnerships with several suppliers such as Sony, Intel, and others to deliver goods effectively at the time of the order to Dell’s plant where the assembly took place. The delivery and shipment were outsourced through a dedicated service that also insured delivering the monitors directly from the supplier at the same time. Mr. Dell talks about how suppliers are benefiting from the fact that Dell buys more items from the suppliers keeping no inventory and only requesting faster delivery upon orders. In 1996, Dell capitalized on the growing number of customers who are using the Internet and launched its online store at dell.com. The online venture then proved to be the most appropriate sales channel that matched the supply chain direct model implemented by Dell. In its path to compete in the market, Dell had to provide additional services such as DellPlus that enabled Dell to install commercial software packages, DellWare which provided hardware and software from other vendors, and after sales and on-site support services. These actions, as described by Michael Dell, required establishing more partnerships, which Mr. Dell describes as a process of “trial and error”. The integration with partners was changing as the technology is evolving and many venders go volatile while others remain sold. Furthermore, looking for an IT company to build the online store brought in very few players, which made Dell accept the overhead of developing the portal in-house. Enterprise Architecture Issues Supply Chain Management: The purchase and number of transactions that Dell took in required a properly configured and concise business process. In-sourcing: To meet the demand of the market some parts of the process required the services of other companies that can be in partner with Dell. Quality Assurance: The computer industry is a very dynamic one, which makes quality products stand out when faced with technology-oriented consumers. Business Automation: As Dell advanced into online markets, its sales staff feared from losing their jobs in favor of automated sales transactions. Dynamic Industry: The technology industry requires closely monitoring consumers’ trend to maintain a low gap between the point of demand and the point of supply. Analysis Supply Chain Management Supply Chain Management (SCM) aims at integrating all corporate activities to improve relationships at all levels (internal operations, supplier networks, and distribution channel) to meet the competitive edge and satisfy the customer (Al-Mashari and Zairi 2000)[2]. In order to build an effective and complete business process that supports SCM, information among all business partners need to be shared. Information sharing through the Internet reduce the gap for business-to-business (B2B) commerce by enabling seamless integration with enterprise processes among partner corporations (Archer 2006)[3]. Dell developed its internal business process by creating production cells that start assembly at the point of order. It also established an internal information system to make the details of the products under production electronically available to all parties within the chain. To manage the supply of computer parts, Dell maintained close relationships with their suppliers and logistics providers to make their vendors manage the inventory system while Dell focused on product assembly (Kumar and Craig 2007)[4]. In addition, Dell used enterprise technology to make their database and methodologies available to the supplier to understand how Dell works. On the consumer side, orders made through the phone or online through dell.com produced a tracking code that the consumer can use to track the status of his or her order at any time through the phone or on Dell’s website. In sourcing Organizations worldwide are benefiting from the specialized services offered by various companies. In the shipping and transport arena, companies Like UPS (United Parcel Service) and DHL stand out as masters in their industry. UPS and DHL have established offices and transportation vehicles all across the world. They provide business services through in-sourcing which enables them to be part of the internal business process of companies (Marcum 2007)[5]. To a company like Toshiba for example, after-sales support service would require shipping the damaged computer to and from the consumer’s side. For that, UPS would say, “Look, instead of us picking up the machine from your customers, bringing it to our hub, then flying it from our hub to your repair facility and then flying it back to our hub and then from our hub to your customer’s house, let’s cut out all the middle steps. We, UPS, will pick it up, repair it, and send it right to your customer” (Friedman 2006)[6]. Dell understands that it need not compete unless it would get the advantage in the market. Michael Dell says that one should evaluate the competition field and pick the best one. In that context, after-sales services were contracted with firms who are specialized in that field and can be contacted directly through the integrated supply system to fulfill the requests of the consumers. Furthermore, shipping is handled through multiple shippers to deliver systems to consumers or to resellers across the world. In addition, Dell has saved the overhead cost of monitors’ delivery by requesting shippers to deliver from the monitor’s supplier directly to the consumer at the same time. Quality Assurance In a competitive arena, companies seek to have an advantage through means that are not necessarily related to price. Constraints against outsourcing due to excessive decentralization within organizations can have a negative impact on the value chain process. Combing various options and being open to diversification would support in increasing the speed-to-market and enhancing the quality of products (Ernst 2000)[7]. Dell has an operational facility in Penang Malaysia, which places Dell at a central position near to where most suppliers actually have their factories. Orders for goods come directly to Penang center through the integrated suppliers’ logistic centers (SLCs) chain[8]. The Penang center sends emails to suppliers requesting the parts that will be assembled based on the customer’s order. The entire model was efficient enough to require no more than 36 hours from order to shipping. In terms of quality of service, Dell has won numerous awards for highest quality. In spite of that, it continues to find means to increase the efficiency of its products. Michael Dell suggested that reducing the human interaction with hard drives during assembly would decrease its failure rate. As a result, the reduction of the number of “touches” dropped the failure rate to 20%. Business Automation The general attitude from individuals and employees within organizations is that automation through information systems complicate their internal processes, and might result in cutting down the number of staff (Khatibi, V.Thyagarajan and Seetharaman 2003)[9]. There are several psychological and behavioral problems associated with reluctance to change, which appear to impede the growth of E-commerce. On the other hand, retailers no longer think their web sites are simply an added benefit for their customers since the ROI (Return on Investment) percentages from online websites have far outweighed their bricks-and-mortar counterparts (Casey 2004)[10]. For that reason, the staff involved in the traditional sales process requires training to embrace new technologies and to learn how they can benefit from it. For Dell online store the response from the consumers was huge, however, at first the sales representatives feared that the online website would reduce the number of sale deals they closed. To overcome this, Dell introduced the cost saving model showing how the online store would support sales representative close more deals and at the same time would produce cost effective results that would have a positive ROI on the business. Dynamic Industry Customer relations management (CRM) is a very vital competency that was born from the amount of transactional sales deals through call centers. The process of understanding customers goes through the initial phase of collecting data then analyzing trends and eventually building a knowledge base that will drive the profitable relationship (Liew 2008)[11]. Organizations’ use of CRM models is an attempt to get firsthand knowledge that would improve marketing effectiveness, bring more personalization, and build brands among other objectives based on the nature of the business (Anderson, Jolly and Fairhurst 2007)[12]. Michael Dell model is based on keeping no inventory, in order for Dell to maintain that they focused on segmenting their customers into scalable businesses that can be analyzed for their level of demand. Sales executives at Dell used communication skills to elicit information from customers that would further support the demand forecast initiatives at the company. In addition, Dell sent surveys to customers to further understand the satisfaction level with the services provided by Dell and modify its product line and services accordingly. Furthermore, Michael Dell discussed how regional meetings in various countries invited potential customers to further enrich the relationship and give room for comments and feedback about Dell’s services. On top of all that, Dell strived to provide information for its customers to help them make proper choices for their IT requirements and gain privileged information about new and upcoming technologies. Dell invested in developing a web portal in the form of “Premier Pages” for high-end customers and another for small to medium businesses at Dellmarketplace.com[13]. Both sites aim at providing information to customers and establishing a single point of access for customers’ IT service requirements. Conclusions Dell is simply a success story; it shows how one can gain market advantage by simply understanding what brings value to customers. No one, even Michael Dell himself when he started, thought that people would enjoy customizing their PC orders and wait patiently as the order makes its way back to their homes. Some studies talk about how people challenged the initial delivery estimates provided by Dell to see if they were met. The level of expansion Dell strived to achieve brought in problems as with any growing business. However, by adapting techniques such as In-sourcing and mutual benefit partnerships it reduced its potential staff from 80,000 to only 15,000. Dell also was aware of factors that would hinder its supply chain. For example, they maintained a multiple list of shippers as not to be affected by unexpected delays and organizational issues. In addition, they understood the importance of developing their own enterprise systems in-house to control all the variables and maintain their business processes. This is one of the best case studies in the IT industry. I believe the level of commitment Dell showed in the model he created is inspiring. On the editorial side, I believe more highlights on the internal infrastructure of Dell’s network would have helped in building an understanding of how the supply chain actually worked. Did they use CRM modules, ERP, SCM, or a combination of all? How did Dell secure its information link with its suppliers, were all of them mature enough when it came to Information systems? Recommendations Organizations should focus on value adding activities like establishing online portals for their customers. Businesses should conduct frequent surveys to measure the level of service they provide and work on enhancing their products. Organizations should decentralize and enable expansion through global techniques such as out-sourcing and in-sourcing. Building internal enterprise information systems is the most effective methodology for information and knowledge sharing. Establishing multiple touch points with customers, strengthen the relationship and increases satisfaction levels. Meeting global quality standards is the only way to get an advantage in a competitive arena. Internal organization assessment and training is vital to maintain the high spirit of employees and increase their productivity. Management support and funding is a key element in the success of any information system implementation. References Joan Magretta , “The Power of Virtual Integration: An Interview with Dell Computer’s Michael Dell.” Harvard Business Review 76, no. 2 (Mar/Apr 1998): 72-84, 13, 2. Majed Al-Mashari and Mohamed Zairi, “Supply-chain re-engineering using enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems: an analysis of a SAP R/3 implementation case.” International Journal of Physical Distribution & Logistics Management 30, no. 3/4 (2000): 296-313 Norman P. Archer, “Supply chains and the enterprise” Journal of Enterprise Information 19, no. 3 (2006): 241-245, 242 Sameer Kumar and Sarah Craig, “Dell, Inc.’s closed loop supply chain for computer assembly plants.” Information Knowledge Systems Management 6, no. 3 (2007): 197-214,18. Marcum, Jennifer. “In-Source or Outsource?” BioProcess International, June 2007 Thomas L. Friedman, The World Is Flat (New York: Farrar, Straus and Giroux, 2006), 168. Dieter Ernst, “Inter-Organizational Knowledge Outsourcing: What Permits Small Taiwanese Firms to Compete in the Computer Industry?” Asia Pacific Journal of Management (Springer Netherlands) 17, no. 2 (August 2000): 223-255, 248 Friedman, The World is Flat, 516 Ali Khatibi, V.Thyagarajan, and A. Seetharaman, “E-commerce in Malaysia: Perceived Benefits and Barriers.” Vikalpa: The Journal for Decision Makers 28, no. 3 (Jul-Sep 2003): 77-82, 6. Bernadette Casey, “Online Monday blacker than in-store Friday.” DSN Retailing Today, December 13, 2004: 13-13,0. Chor-Beng Anthony Liew, “Strategic integration of knowledge management and customer relationship management.” Journal of Knowledge Management 12, no. 4 (2008): 131-146. Anderson, Joan L., Laura D. Jolly, and Ann E. Fairhurst. “Customer relationship management in retailing: A content analysis of retail trade journals.” Journal of Retailing & Consumer Services 14, no. 6 (November 2007): 394-399, 6. Alorie Gilbert, “Dell Online Marketplace Targets Small Businesses.” Electronic Buyers’ News, October 2, 2000: 58, 0. Source by Sally Ahmed This entry was posted in Uncategorized by admin. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Shooting Ammunition & Reloading Archery Machine Guns MILSIM Optics Pistol Rifle Shooting Accessories Shooting Tips & How To Shotgun Radian Weapons Model 1 Rifle | First Impressions Ammo Watch: Honey Badger – Hunter – Inception Tips to Improve Your CCW Skills Remembering How the Beretta M9 Became America’s Sidearm by Jason J. Brown Close Mission Gear Mission Footwear Low Vis Packs Mission Accessories Mission Outerwear Mission Protection Mission Racks Agilite Axis Kneepads: Part Man or Machine Mechanix CG Impact Pro Gloves Chase Tactical Bump Helmet Review HATCH Task Heavy Knuckle Gloves Reviewed Close Hunt & Survive Food & Water Knives & Tools Medical Preppers Survival Gadgets Survival Gear Survival Tips & How To Bow Hunting Hunting Hunting Accessories Kershaw Tanto Blur- Add another Andrew Demko Started with the Clip to Build the Cold Steel Grik Boker Plus Lancer Knife | First Impressions The SOB Puncher | An Emergency Backup Weapon Close Adventure Camping Accessories Destinations Lights Sleeping Tents & Shelters Travel Packs Water & Boats Hackmasters: 15 Must-Own Axes, Tomahawks, Hatchets & Machetes 5.11 Tactical EDC light Review MSR Windburner Stove System Field Review Stovehinge Collapsible Rocket Stove | Review Close Outdoors Air Bike Climb Running & Adventure Racing Ski Water & Boats Workouts Casual Footwear Insulation Clothing Accessories Shells Brandon Webb Reviews Brooklyn Bicycle Co. Marmot Ultimate Ski Glove SUUNTO AMBIT2R: THE SMARTWATCH FOR PEOPLE WHO WANT TO TRAIN LIKE BADASSES THE NEW INOV-8 ROCLITE 305 GTX: RUNNING OR TACTICAL SHOE? YOU DECIDE! Close Downtime Beer Books Celebrities Dogs Electronics/Gadgets Liquor Movies FRAGO Sea to Summit X11 Camp Set Update for ‘The Killing School’ book signing and launch party The 10 Best Scotch Bottles to Drink Before You Die Cyber Security First Steps | Protect yourself against you Close Features Loadouts Reaper Tips Think Like a Green Beret News Op-Ed Admin Our Story Your Hosts Cartel Hitmen and the 50 BMG Gun The Corps’ quest for the best rifle for infantrymen The Vertx EDC Gamut | A Low Profile Backpack Q&A With Ernest Emerson of Emerson Knives | Part 4 Close Fitness Contact Join our Gear Club Gatorz Eyewear | What tribe do you belong to? April 1, 2017 by Richard Moore 2 Comments Each branch of the armed forces, to include the special operations groups, have their go-to eye protection and breaking tribal rules can be rough. So when you must have the protection you need, choosing your own gear can be like your first deployment, your first day on the range or driving around in your first minivan. Being an operator with the 1st CivDiv, or pumping out on a new deployment, and having to pay for your own gear doesn’t mean you give up on choosing the right gear. For this article, I was fortunate enough to review two different pairs of Gatorz Eyewear, one for testing and one pair from my SOFREP Crate Club subscription. Like you, Gatorz Eyewear may not have been my first choice, and so I started with some Intel about the glasses; what material did they use and why should I chose these over a similar priced pair of glasses? Before any mission and gear issuance, a brief needs to happen. Here is your technical briefing on Gatorz. The frame is built from T6 7505 billet aluminum, which is part of the 7000 series alloys. The 7075 alloy sub series are often used in transport applications, including marine, automotive and aviation due to their high strength-to-density ratio. In addition, 7075 can be found in rock climbing equipment, bicycle components and hang glider airframes. 7075 is also used in the manufacturing of M-16 rifles, in particular; high-quality M-16 rifle lower and upper receivers as well as extension tubes, which are typically made from 7075-T6 alloy. Companies such as, SIG Sauer, and French armament company PGM use it for their precision rifles. Texas Black Rifle Co uses the alloy for its weapons and other parts, including the model 1836 AR-15 as well as their Glock Micro Comp. Now that is good skinny, but I wanted to “go all in” like “You know who” from the movie Tropic Thunder and make testing a bit more thorough than simply driving around and looking Operator As F*@%. The best place to learn about materials and how to abuse them, is to head over to NASA and check out the hot and cold temperature pain threshold research on human tolerance to cold. The research showed that onset of pain threshold occurs at 44°C (111.2°F) at the dermal/epidermal interface, 15°C (59°F) skin temperature, numbness occurs at 7°C (44.6°F), and risk of frostbite is risked at 0°C (32°F) when touching aluminum. Here in the Northeast, temperatures can get around and below these temperatures pretty quickly, so I wanted to make sure that when I wore my Gatorz, I wouldn’t get the frostbite ring or end up pulling the skin off like a bud-light bottle at a tailgating party. Checking my vanity in at the armory for a moment; they looked good in the mirror; I wanted to find which pair provided for best spatial awareness and observance. The Blackout Wraptor, due to their design compared with the Magnum had millimeters of more glass for optimal peripheral vision, extremely significant for situational awareness in a fight. Because I wear headgear often, I also found for me personally, that the Wraptor style fit better under a ball cap; just as important that all your gear work symbiotically. I next tested them under the various situations that you may find yourself. I grabbed the Darebee Military Fit program and worked out with my Wraptor on; they held up very well with minimal slippage even though the High Intensity Interval Training (HIIT) program had me wetter than a frogman during hell week. I would still recommend securing them with a Croakies or similar strap. I then took them for a walk outside in 0°C (32°F) degree temperatures and found that wearing a wool watch cap was enough to keep them from getting frosty around my ears. I then placed them in the freezer for 3 hours and immediately put them on. While I did get some tactile skin stick and could feel some numbness the density of aluminum also quickly heated up the stems to body temperature. The verdict is still out on how long you can wear these in cold temperatures, unless you enhance the stem by placing a thin layer of insulator material between your skin and the aluminum. After putting the glasses through some stress testing, I am a firm believer that Gatorz Eyewear are by far the superior choice of Eye Protection. the design and material allow you to fit these to your head shape and provided the full package to protect your eyes. If you are looking for another reference in making a choice and changing opinions, check out this Loadout Room Post – Elite Performance Gatorz Sunglasses by one of our own Navy SEALs. Related Filed Under: Gear Tagged With: EDC, Eyepro, Gatorz Eyewear, Military, Shooting, Sunglasses Share This About the Author Richard Moore Rich Moore is a currently a Cybersecurity Executive and travels OCONUS frequently. He served 15 years in the Marine Corps in the following MOS(s) 0351 Infantry Assaultman, 8531 Primary Marksmanship Instructor, 8111 CRRC Coxswain, 8151 Marine Security Guard (Department of State, U.S. Embassy), 0291 Intelligence Chief. Besides his current work that is subsidizing his gear buying hobbies, he is also an NRA Instructor. See All Richard Moore Articles Scott Gatorz are awesome. Love mine. Now I need to change out the lense for prescription. Getting old stinks… Richard Moore They are pretty sweet! I am looking to update the lens to the transitional ones. What’s Hot News The Cost Of An AK-47 On The Black Market Across The World Footwear Top Six Boot Picks For The Outdoors Shooting Tips & How To Tips to Improve Your CCW Skills Op-Ed Cartel Hitmen and the 50 BMG Gun Knives & Tools CRKT Crawford Kasper Defensive Knife Email Newsletter Sign up to receive email updates daily and to hear what's going on with us! Your Name Your Email Address Recent Comments KRM Phillips on Kershaw Tanto Blur- Add another Pata Niki on These 8 home gyms will make you want to work out Anon Amas on Atibal MROC 3x Optic | Review Mark T on Pantac PDG Slingshot CCW Bag | Review Rex Nanorum on Atibal MROC 3x Optic | Review In Case You Missed It Op-Ed Cartel Hitmen and the 50 BMG Gun April 3, 2017 0 Comments News The Corps’ quest for the best rifle for infantrymen April 3, 2017 0 Comments Crate Club Kershaw Tanto Blur- Add another April 3, 2017 1 Comment Knives & Tools Andrew Demko Started with the Clip to Build the Cold Steel Grik April 3, 2017 0 Comments © Copyright 2017 Hurricane Group, Inc. · All Rights Reserved. Comms Check FRAGO Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertisers
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: This Catalyst Can Take NVIDIA to the Cloud Partnerships and product development should help the chipmaker sustain the rapid growth of its cloud business. Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) Apr 3, 2017 at 9:09PM The boom in data traffic is creating the need for stronger cloud infrastructure, forcing cloud service providers (CSPs) to upgrade their data centers to process the increasing volume and complexity of data. Gartner estimates that public cloud infrastructure investments will grow almost 37% this year, to $34.6 billion, thanks to investments from Amazon, Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), and Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google to bring their data centers up to speed. One way to tap this multibillion-dollar market is through NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA), as its Tesla graphics processing units (GPUs) are helping the CSPs bring raw computing power to their data centers. As it turns out, the chipmaker's data center business has taken off remarkably in recent quarters, outpacing the growth in other key segments. Data Source: NVIDIA. Chart by author. In fact, the data center business is now NVIDIA's second-largest revenue source, and it is likely that it will continue to get bigger given the company's recent moves in this space. NVIDIA is gaining from GPU adoption in the cloud A huge amount of data is being generated thanks to connected cars and other Internet of Things devices. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich believes that a single autonomous car could generate 4,000 gigabytes of data daily if driven for just one hour, thanks to all the sensors and cameras installed. Machina Research, on the other hand, forecasts that the number of connected devices will grow over fourfold, to 27 billion, by 2025. This is going to create a big challenge for CSPs in transferring the data from the cloud to the data center, with Gartner forecasting that 25% of the data generated will go to waste even before it is analyzed. NVIDIA, however, has a solution for the CSPs with its Tesla GPUs that are specifically aimed at this market. Image source: NVIDIA.  The Tesla GPUs accelerate a data center's computing power, enabling service providers to process huge data sets at a fraction of the cost required to build a new facility, which would previously have been required to analyze the same amount of data. NVIDIA does this by allowing service providers to replace central processing units with its high-performance GPUs that can deliver a fivefold boost in computational power and slash costs by 60%. Not surprisingly, Alphabet has decided to use the chipmaker's Tesla K80 GPUs on the Google Cloud Platform to offer deep-learning capabilities to its users. Google Cloud users can now use up to eight GPUs to perform intensive tasks such as high-performance data analysis, seismic analysis, and video transcoding. Google is going to charge $0.70 per hour for each K80 GPU in the U.S. and $0.77 per hour in Asia and Europe, allowing users to carry out deep-learning operations without any significant capital investment. What's more, Tencent has also decided to use NVIDIA's Tesla P100 and P40 GPU accelerators to give artificial intelligence (AI) computing capabilities to its enterprise customers, giving the chipmaker access to China's booming public cloud-infrastructure market. NVIDIA is targeting AI cloud computing AI cloud computing is fast gaining traction thanks to the advent of the Internet of Things and connected cars that require autonomous decision making based on data generated, and NVIDIA does not want to miss the gravy train. The chipmaker recently partnered with Microsoft to bring to market a hyperscale GPU accelerator aimed at AI cloud computing applications. NVIDIA and Microsoft expect their framework -- the HGX-1 -- to be used in healthcare, self-driving cars, and voice recognition, among others, as it is positioned as the standard architecture for AI cloud computing. The HGX-1 is based on an open-source, modular design, indicating that it is scalable in nature since it comes with eight Tesla GPUs that can connect to the central processing unit depending on the workload. NVIDIA has made a smart move by tying up with Microsoft to develop an AI cloud computing solution as the latter's Azure cloud service is growing at a faster pace than the market leader. Amazon Web Services -- the e-commerce giant's cloud computing services subsidiary -- is currently the market leader in this space, but Microsoft's Azure cloud could overtake it in a couple of years according to a Morgan Stanley survey. In all, NVIDIA's data center business has a lot of room for growth as the company's GPUs will play a mission-critical role in cloud computing thanks to the chipmaker's deep-learning and AI capabilities. More important, the company is partnering with the key players to sustain its rapid growth in this space. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Harsh Chauhan has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon, and Nvidia. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) Harsh has been covering technology, and sometimes retail, since 2011. He is focused on finding great businesses for the long run. You can follow him on twitter @techjunk13 Article Info Apr 3, 2017 at 9:09PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $65.55 down $0.31 (-0.47%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $856.75 up $8.95 (1.06%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $108.38 down $0.55 (-0.50%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $838.55 up $8.99 (1.08%) Read More Why Long-Term Investors Should Prefer NVIDIA Over Intel NVIDIA Corporation's New GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Is Selling Out The 3 Best Machine Learning Stocks to Buy in 2017 3 Things That Could Hurt NVIDIA Corp. The World's First Autonomous Race Car Is About More Than Fun Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current This Catalyst Can Take NVIDIA to the Cloud @themotleyfool #stocks $MSFT, $GOOGL, $NVDA, $GOOG
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Blackwater founder held secret Seychelles meeting to establish Trump-Putin back channel By admin in Uncategorized April 3, 2017 Washington: The United Arab Emirates arranged a secret meeting in January between Blackwater founder Erik Prince and a Russian close to President Vladimir Putin as part of an apparent effort to establish a back-channel line of communication between Moscow and President-elect Donald Trump, according to US, European and Arab officials.The meeting took place around January 11 – nine days before Trump’s inauguration – in the Seychelles islands in the Indian Ocean, officials said. Though the full agenda remains unclear, the UAE agreed to broker the meeting in part to explore whether Russia could be persuaded to curtail its relationship with Iran, including in Syria, a Trump administration objective that would likely require major concessions to Moscow on US sanctions. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don’t Play Up Next Britain to protect Gibraltar ‘all the way’ Play Video Don’t Play Video duration 01:37 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 00:58 Intel Committee begins Russia … Intel Committee begins Russia interference hearing Senator Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, says he won’t prejudge the probe into the possible links between the Trump campaign and Russia, saying “We are seeking to determine if there’s an actual fire where there’s clearly a lot of smoke.” Up Next Britain to protect Gibraltar ‘all the way’ Play Video Don’t Play Video duration 01:37 Video duration 01:37 Britain to protect Gibraltar ‘all the way’ Britain to protect Gibraltar ‘all the way’ British Defence Secretary Michael Fallon vows to protect Gibraltar after the European Union offered Spain a right of veto over Gibraltar’s future relations with the bloc. Vision courtesy: BBC’s Andrew Marr show, Sky News – Sophy Ridge on Sunday Up Next Man dead in Russian train explosion Play Video Don’t Play Video duration 01:29 Video duration 01:29 Man dead in Russian train explosion Man dead in Russian train explosion At least 11 people were killed and 20 injured when an explosion tore through a train carriage in the St Petersburg metro system. Up Next Egypt’s el-Sissi: Trump promises long friendship Play Video Don’t Play Video duration 02:05 Video duration 02:05 Egypt’s el-Sissi: Trump promises long … Egypt’s el-Sissi: Trump promises long friendship US President Donald Trump welcomes Egypt’s President el-Sissi to the White House. Up Next Assange’s fate sealed by Ecuador election Play Video Don’t Play Video duration 01:15 Video duration 01:15 Assange’s fate sealed by Ecuador election Assange’s fate sealed by Ecuador election The WikiLeaks founder dodged an eviction order after Ecuador’s right-wing candidate who had vowed to kick him out of the country’s London embassy was set to narrowly lose a presidential election. Up Next Twenty people murdered at a Pakistani Sufi shrine Play Video Don’t Play Video duration 00:55 Video duration 00:55 Twenty people murdered at a Pakistani … Twenty people murdered at a Pakistani Sufi shrine Pakistani police say twenty people were tortured and then murdered with clubs and knives at a Pakistani Sufi shrine in the Sargodha district. Up Next Mexico City installs penis train seat Play Video Don’t Play Video duration 01:15 Video duration 01:15 Mexico City installs penis train seat Mexico City installs penis train seat A train seat with a mould of a protruding penis on Mexico City’s metro aims to spark debate on sexual harassment in the sprawling capital. Up Next Tina Fey slams Trump-voting women Play Video Don’t Play Video duration 00:51 Video duration 00:51 Tina Fey slams Trump-voting women Tina Fey slams Trump-voting women In a fundraiser for the American Civil Liberties Union, comedian Tina Fey blasted university-educated white women who voted for Donald Trump. More videos Intel Committee begins Russia interference hearing Senator Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, says he won’t prejudge the probe into the possible links between the Trump campaign and Russia, saying “We are seeking to determine if there’s an actual fire where there’s clearly a lot of smoke.” Though Prince had no formal role with the Trump campaign or transition team, he presented himself as an unofficial envoy for Trump to high-ranking Emiratis involved in setting up his meeting with the Putin confidant, according to the officials, who did not identify the Russian.Prince was an avid supporter of Trump who gave $US250,000 last year to support the GOP nominee’s campaign, records show. He has ties to people in Trump’s circle, including Stephen Bannon, now serving as the president’s chief strategist and senior counsellor. Prince’s sister Betsy DeVos serves as education secretary in the Trump administration. And Prince was seen in the Trump transition offices in New York in December. Related Content Donald Trump’s problems with Russia Top Democrat says White House is trying to distract from Russia probe US officials said the FBI has been scrutinising the Seychelles meeting as part of a broader probe of Russian interference in the 2016 US election and alleged contacts between associates of Putin and Trump. The FBI declined to comment.The Seychelles encounter, which one official said spanned two days, adds to an expanding web of connections between Russia and Americans with ties to Trump – contacts that the White House has been reluctant to acknowledge or explain until they have been exposed by news organisations. Advertisement “We are not aware of any meetings and Erik Prince had no role in the transition,” said Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary.”Erik had no role on the transition team. This is a complete fabrication,” said a spokesman for Prince in a statement. “The meeting had nothing to do with President Trump. Why is the so-called under-resourced intelligence community messing around with surveillance of American citizens when they should be hunting terrorists?” SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Blackwater CEO and founder Erik Prince. Photo: AP Prince is best known as the founder of Blackwater, a security firm that became a symbol of US abuses in Iraq after a series of incidents including one in 2007 in which the company’s guards were accused – and later criminally convicted – of killing civilians in a crowded Iraqi square. Prince sold the firm, which was subsequently rebranded, but has continued building a private paramilitary empire with contracts across the Middle East and Asia.Prince would probably have been seen as too controversial to serve in any official capacity in the Trump transition or administration. But his ties to Trump advisers, experience with clandestine work and relationship with the royal leaders of the Emirates – where he moved in 2010 amid mounting legal problems for his American business – would have positioned him as an ideal go-between. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link US President Donald Trump. Photo: Bloomberg The Seychelles meeting came after private discussions in New York involving high-ranking representatives of Trump, Moscow and the Emirates.The White House has acknowledged that Michael Flynn, Trump’s original national security adviser, and Trump adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner met with the Russian ambassador to the United States, Sergey Kislyak, in late November or early December in New York. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed-Al Nahyan, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi. Photo: Supplied Flynn and Kushner were joined by Bannon for a separate meeting with the crown prince of Abu Dhabi, Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed al-Nahyan, who made an undisclosed visit to New York later in December, according to the US, European and Arab officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss sensitive matters.In an unusual breach of protocol, the UAE did not notify the Obama administration in advance of the visit, though officials found out because Zayed’s name appeared on a flight manifest. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Erik Prince has ties to Steve Bannon, Trump’s chief strategist. Photo: AP Officials said Zayed and his brother, the UAE’s national security adviser, coordinated the Seychelles meeting with Russian government officials with the goal of establishing an unofficial back channel between Trump and Putin.Officials said Zayed wanted to be helpful to both leaders who had talked about working more closely together, a policy objective long advocated by the crown prince. The UAE, which sees Iran as one of its main enemies, also shared the Trump team’s interest in finding ways to drive a wedge between Moscow and Tehran. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Sergey Kislyak, Russia’s ambassador to the US. Photo: AP Zayed met twice with Putin in 2016, according to Western officials, and urged the Russian leader to work more closely with the Emirates and Saudi Arabia – an effort to isolate Iran.At the time of the Seychelles meeting and for weeks afterward, the UAE believed that Prince had the blessing of the new administration to act as its unofficial representative. The Russian participant was a person whom Zayed knew was close to Putin from his interactions with both men, the officials said. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link White House press secretary Sean Spicer said he was not aware of any meetings. Photo: AP When the Seychelles meeting took place, official contacts between members of the incoming Trump administration and the Russian government were under intense scrutiny, both from federal investigators and the press.Less than a week before the Seychelles meeting, US intelligence agencies released a report accusing Russia of intervening clandestinely during the 2016 election to help Trump win the White House. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Russian President Vladimir Putin. Photo: AP The FBI was already investigating communications between Flynn and Kislyak. The Washington Post’s David Ignatius first disclosed those communications on January 12, around the time of the Seychelles meeting. Flynn was subsequently fired by Trump for misleading Vice President Pence and others about his discussions with Kislyak .Yousef Al Otaiba, the UAE’s ambassador in Washington, declined to comment. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link White House senior adviser Jared Kushner. Photo: AP Government officials in the Seychelles said they were not aware of any meetings between Trump and Putin associates in the country around January 11. Bu… Post navigation Nacional arrive in Brazil for emotional Chapecoense game Donald Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, flies into Iraq with top US general Search for: Recent Posts Vale megadeal puts Morgan Stanley, Bradesco at the top of Brazil M&A RwandAir launches direct flight operations between Mumbai and African city Kigali S.Korean automakers see car sales in China cut in half “American Gods” renewed for season 2 ahead of series premiere: report 60 ceasefire violations by Azerbaijani army registered overnight Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Steam's Survey Shows A Tiny Increase In Linux Gamers For March Written by Michael Larabel in Linux Gaming on 2 April 2017 at 07:13 AM EDT. 33 Comments It looks like the recent Linux game releases of DiRT Rally, HITMAN, and Civilization VI along with the debut of SteamVR for Linux was enough for Linux gamers to fire up their Steam clients in March. During March 2017 there was a tiny increase in the Linux gaming population, according to the Steam Survey. During February was just a 0.75% marketshare for Linux while in March it increased... by 0.02%. The March stats from the Steam Survey show Linux up to a 0.77% marketshare. A quarter of those Steam Linux gamers are Ubuntu 16.04.2 LTS users followed by a mix of other distributions. The recent Ryzen launch wasn't enough to sway the CPU landscape for Linux gamers yet with 82% of the Linux systems said to be Intel while AMD was at 17%. The most common Linux graphics card remains the GeForce GTX 970 followed by Intel integrated graphics, then the GTX 960. In the 12th spot for most popular GPU is finally an AMD offering, the Radeon R9 200 series. Long story short, no major change but at least a 0.02% reported Linux increase. macOS lost ground while Windows also gained a bit too. All the details over on the Steam survey site. 33 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Linux Gaming News Ioquake3 Needs Some Help Xonotic 0.8.2 Released SSVR: The First Encounter Officially Released On Steam Total War: WARHAMMER II Announced, Linux Details To Come Unity 5.6 Released With Vulkan Support, Updated Particle System X-Plane 11 Realistic Flight Simulator Now Available Popular News AMD Ryzen Has Captivated Linux Gamers & Enthusiasts 2017: Should Linux Benchmarking Still Be Mostly Done With Ubuntu? Getting Better Radeon Polaris Performance On Ubuntu 17.04 With Mesa 17.1, Linux 4.11 Ubuntu Hit By A Vulnerability In "Eject" Early Tests Of AMDGPU's DRM-Next Performance For Linux 4.12 AMD Ryzen 7 1700 + B350 DDR4 Memory Speed Tests Latest Linux News DRM Maintainers Are Running Out Of Time To Ship New Features For Linux 4.12 Haiku OS Picks Up AMD Ryzen Support, More Driver Improvements The Story of Ubuntu's Mir Abstraction Layer (MirAL) Radeon TONGA Sees Some Gains With AMDGPU DRM-Next 4.12 Mesa 17.0.3 Released Apple To Be Parting Ways With Imagination Graphics A Look At Some Of The Feature Plans For GNOME 3.26 Ioquake3 Needs Some Help ARM Opens Up Compute Library With OpenCL & NEON Acceleration Linux 4.11-rc5 Kernel Released Latest Featured Articles Kicking Off April With An Eight-Way BSD/Linux Comparison 14-Way NVIDIA Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal OpenGL vs. Vulkan With Mad Max On Linux Vulkan vs. OpenGL For Mad Max On AMD Ryzen NVIDIA Vulkan Driver Shows Impressive Mad Max Linux Performance RadeonSI OpenGL vs. RADV Vulkan Performance For Mad Max Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Headlines Headlines 24.nl verzamelt actueel nieuws via de rss feeds van online kranten. Op elk moment geven wij al het laatste nieuws overzichtelijk weer. Tevens kunt u inloggen om uw eigen nieuws pagina samen te stellen en zo alleen het nieuws te zien dat u interesseert. op Headlines24 op het internet   Zoeken   Home Binnenland Buitenland Computer Cultuur Economie Lifestyle Media Sport Wetenschap Opinie | Journalistiek | Nieuwsblogs Matt Taibbi Putin Derangement Syndrome 03/04 22:00 - Matt Taibbi Putin Derangement Syndrome Putin Derangement Syndrome ArrivesWhatever the truth about Trump and Russia, the speculation surrounding it has become a dangerous case of mass hysteriaMichael Flynn and Donald Trump John Locher/AP By Matt Taibbi2 hours agoMore NewsNotes From the House Select Intelligence Hearing on RussiaTaibbi: Why the Russia Story Is a Minefield for Democrats and the MediaTaibbi: The Russia Story Reaches a Crisis PointAll Stories So Michael Flynn, who was Donald Trump's national security adviser before he got busted talking out of school to Russia's ambassador, has reportedly offered to testify in exchange for immunity.RELATEDTaibbi on Trump the DestroyerTrump has stuffed his Cabinet with tyrants, zealots and imbeciles – all bent on demolishing our government from withinFor seemingly the 100th time, social media is exploding. This is it! The big reveal!Perhaps it will come off just the way people are expecting. Perhaps Flynn will get a deal, walk into the House or the Senate surrounded by a phalanx of lawyers, and unspool the whole sordid conspiracy.He will explain that Donald Trump, compromised by ancient deals with Russian mobsters, and perhaps even blackmailed by an unspeakable KGB sex tape, made a secret deal. He'll say Trump agreed to downplay the obvious benefits of an armed proxy war in Ukraine with nuclear-armed Russia in exchange for Vladimir Putin's help in stealing the emails of Debbie Wasserman-Schultz and John Podesta.I personally would be surprised if this turned out to be the narrative, mainly because we haven't seen any real evidence of it. But episodes like the Flynn story have even the most careful reporters paralyzed. What if, tomorrow, it all turns out to be true?What if reality does turn out to be a massive connect-the-dots image of St. Basil's Cathedral sitting atop the White House? (This was suddenly legitimate British conspiracist Louise Mensch's construction in The New York Times last week.) What if all the Glenn Beck-style far-out charts with the circlesand arrows somehow all make sense?This is one of the tricks that keeps every good conspiracy theory going. Nobody wants to be the one claiming the emperor has no clothes the day His Highness walks out naked. And this Russia thing has spun out of control into just such an exercise of conspiratorial mass hysteria.Even I think there should be a legitimate independent investigation – one that, given Trump's history, might uncover all sorts of things. But almost irrespective of what ends up being uncovered on the Trump side, the public prosecution of this affair has taken on a malevolent life of its own. One way we recognize a mass hysteria movement is that everyone who doesn't believe is accused of being in on the plot. This has been going on virtually unrestrained in both political and media circles in recent weeks.The aforementioned Mensch, a noted loon who thinks Putin murdered Andrew Breitbart but has somehow been put front and center by The Times and HBO's Real Time, has denounced an extraordinary list of Kremlin plants.She's tabbed everyone from Jeff Sessions ("a Russian partisan") to Rudy Giuliani and former Assistant FBI Director James Kallstrom ("agents of influence") to Glenn Greenwald ("Russian shill") to ProPublicaand Democracy Now! (also "Russian shills"), to the 15-year-old girl with whom Anthony Weiner sexted (really, she says, a Russian hacker group called "Crackas With Attitudes") to an unnamed number of FBI agents in the New York field office ("moles"). And that's just for starters.Jeff Sessions Nicholas Kamm/GettyOthers are doing the same. Eric Boehlert of Media Matters, upon seeing the strange behavior of Republican Intel Committee chair Devin Nunes, asked "what kind of dossier" the Kremlin has on Nunes.Dem-friendly pollster Matt McDermott wondered why reporters Michael Tracey and Zaid Jilani aren't on board with the conspiracy stories (they might be "unwitting" agents!) and noted, without irony, that Russian bots mysteriously appear every time he tweets negatively about them.Think about that last one. Does McDermott think Tracey and Jilani call their handlers at the sight of a scary Matt McDermott tweet and have the FSB send waves of Russian bots at him on command? Or does he think it's an automated process? What goes through the heads of such people?I've written a few articles on the Russia subject that have been very tame, basically arguing that it might be a good idea to wait for evidence of collusion before those of us in the media jump in the story with both feet. But even I've gotten the treatment.I've been "outed" as a possible paid Putin plant by the infamous "PropOrNot" group, which is supposedly dedicated to rooting out Russian "agents of influence." You might remember PropOrNot as the illustrious research team the Washington Post once relied on for a report that accused 200 alternative websites of being "routine peddlers of Russian propaganda during the election season." Politicians are getting into the act, too. It was one thing when Rand Paul balked at OKing the expansion of NATO to Montenegro, and John McCain didn't hesitate to say that "the senator from Kentucky is now working for Vladimir Putin."Even Bernie Sanders has himself been accused of being a Putin plant by Mensch. But even he's gotten on board of late, asking, "What do the Russians have on Mr. Trump?"So even people who themselves have been accused of being Russian plants are now accusing people of being Russian plants. As the Russians would say, it's enough to make your bashka hurt.Sanders should know better. Last week, during hearings in the Senate, multiple witnesses essentially pegged his electoral following as unwitting fellow travelers for Putin.Former NSA chief Keith Alexander spoke openly of how Russia used the Sanders campaign to "drive a wedge within the Democratic Party," while Dr. Thomas Rid of Kings College in London spoke of Russia's use of "unwitting agents" and "overeager journalists" to drive narratives that destabilized American politics. This testimony was brought out by Virginia Democrat Mark Warner. Warner has been in full-blown "precious bodily fluids" mode throughout this scandal. During an interview with The Times on the Russia subject a month back, there was a thud outside the window. "That may just be the FSB," he said. The paper was unsure if he was kidding.Warner furthermore told The Times that in order to get prepared for his role as an exposer of 21st-century Russian perfidy, he was "losing himself in a book about the Romanovs," and had been quizzing staffers about "Tolstoy and Nabokov."This is how nuts things are now: a senator brushes up on Nabokov and Tolstoy (Tolstoy!) to get pumped to expose Vladimir Putin.Even the bizarre admission by FBI director (and sudden darling of the same Democrats who hated him months ago) James Comey that he didn't know anything about Russia's biggest company didn't seem to trouble Americans very much. Here's the key exchange, from a House hearing in which Jackie Speier quizzed Comey:SPEIER: Now, do we know who Gazprom-Media is? Do you know anything about Gazprom, director?COMEY: I don't.SPEIER: Well, it's a – it's an oil company.(Incidentally, Gazprom – primarily a natural-gas giant – is not really an oil company. So both Comey and Speier got it wrong.)As Leonid Bershidsky of Bloomberg noted, this exchange was terrifying to Russians. The leader of an investigation into Russian espionage not knowing what Gazprom is would be like an FSB chief not having heard of Exxon-Mobil. It's bizarre, to say the least. James Comey and Mike Rogers at the March 20th House Intelligence Committee hearing on Russia. Matt McClain/The Washington Post/GettyTestimony of the sort that came from Warner's committee last week is being buttressed by news stories in liberal outlets like Salon insisting that "Bernie Bros" were influenced by those same ubiquitous McDermott-chasing Russian "bots."These stories insist that, among other things, these evil bots pushed on the unwitting "bros" juicy "fake news" stories about Hillary being "involved with various murders and money laundering schemes."Some 13.2 million people voted for Sanders during the primary season last year. What percentage does any rational person really believe voted that way because of "fake news"?I would guess the number is infinitesimal at best. The Sanders campaign was driven by a lot of factors, but mainly by long-developing discontent within the Democratic Party and enthusiasm for Sanders himself.To describe Sanders followers as unwitting dupes who departed the true DNC faith because of evil Russian propaganda is both insulting and ridiculous. It's also a testimony to the remarkable capacity for self-deception within the leadership of the Democratic Party.If the party's leaders really believe that Russian intervention is anywhere in the top 100 list of reasons why some 155 million eligible voters (out of 231 million) chose not to pull a lever for Hillary Clinton last year, they're farther along down the Purity of Essence nut-hole than Mark Warner.Moreover, even those who detest Trump with every fiber of their being must see the dangerous endgame implicit in this entire line of thinking. If the Democrats succeed in spreading the idea that straying from the DNC-approved candidate – in either the past or the future – is/was an act of "unwitting" cooperation with the evil Putin regime, then the entire idea of legitimate dissent is going to be in trouble.Imagine it's four years from now (if indeed that's when we have our next election). A Democratic candidate stands before the stump, and announces that a consortium of intelligence experts has concluded that Putin is backing the hippie/anti-war/anti-corporate opposition candidate.Or, even better: that same candidate reminds us "what happened last time" when people decided to vote their consciences during primary season. It will be argued, in seriousness, that true Americans will owe their votes to the non-Putin candidate. It would be a shock if some version of this didn't become an effective political trope going forward.But if you're not worried about accusing non-believers of being spies, or pegging legitimate dissent as treason, there's a third problem that should scare everyone.Last week saw Donna Brazile and Dick Cheney both declare Russia's apparent hack of DNC emails an "act of war." This coupling seemed at first like political end times: as Bill Murray would say, "dogs and cats, living together."But there's been remarkable unanimity among would-be enemies in the Republican and Democrat camps on this question. Suddenly everyone from Speier to McCain to Kamala Harris to Ben Cardin have decried Russia's alleged behavior during the election as real or metaphorical acts of war: a "political Pearl Harbor," as Cardin put it.That no one seems to be concerned about igniting a hot war with nuclear-powered Russia at a time when both countries have troops within "hand-grenade range" of each in Syria other is bizarre, to say the least. People are in such a fever to drag Trump to impeachment that these other considerations seem not to matter. This is what happens when people lose their heads.There are a lot of people who will say that these issues are of secondary importance to the more important question of whether or not we have a compromised Russian agent in the White House.But when it comes to Trump-Putin collusion, we're still waiting for the confirmation. As Democratic congresswoman Maxine Waters put it, the proof is increasingly understood to be the thing we find later, as in, "If we do the investigations, we will find the connections."But on the mass hysteria front, we already have evidence enough to fill a dozen books. And if it doesn't freak you out, it probably should.Watch illustrator Victor Juhasz discuss what it means to draw President Donald Trump.http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/features/taibbi-putin-derangement-syndrome-arrives-w474771?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_content=daily&utm_campaign=040317_15 ... Lees artikel verder op Stan van Houcke   Meer over Stan van Houcke               Meer over showbiz-media Nieuwsblogs 04/04 08:45 Bezuinigingsbijbel helpt Dijsselbloem niet in Brussel 04/04 08:45 ‘Dader aanslag Sint-Petersburg is Russisch staatsburger uit Kirgizië’ 04/04 08:45 Eenmansband Ed Sheeran brengt Ziggo Dome in vervoering 04/04 08:45 Aantal zittenblijvers stijgt voor het eerst in vier jaar 04/04 08:45 Betonschaar 04/04 08:30 Een paar duizend haaien bezoeken even een onderzeese berg 04/04 08:30 Tweede verdachte opgepakt na livestream van verkrachting Chicago 04/04 08:30 VN ‘aanslag Sint-Petersburg laf en barbaars’ 04/04 08:30 ‘Aantal zittenblijvers stijgt voor het eerst in vier jaar’ 04/04 08:15 Financieel rechercheur luidt ‘Afpakken crimineel vermogen vaak onmogelijk’ 04/04 08:00 SG-café dinsdag 04-04-2017 04/04 08:00 Kinderen vs Scheerapparaten 04/04 08:00 Breekt Rusland weg van de Rothschild mafia? 04/04 08:00 Belgische UFO-golf nog steeds omgeven door mysterie 04/04 07:45 Belgische UFO-golf nog steeds omgeven door mysterie 04/04 07:30 Vier verdachten mishandeling homo’s Arnhem melden zich 04/04 07:30 Verdachte homogeweld Arnhem doet zelf aangifte 04/04 07:30 Bezuinigingsbijbel helpt Dijsselbloems niet in Brussel 04/04 07:30 Tweede verdachte opgepakt na livestream van verkrachting 04/04 07:00 Japan worstelt stug door na de Fukushima ramp 04/04 07:00 Schilklier kankers verdrievoudigd in Amerika, ra, ra... 04/04 05:00 De zorgende overheid en de schade 04/04 04:45 Lenen peperduur voor Zuid-Afrikanen na verlaging 04/04 04:45 ‘Ik heb mazzel met mijn huurbaas’ 04/04 04:45 ‘Uitval van treinen komt door achterstallig onderhoud’ 04/04 04:45 Krassen op beeld van tolerantie 04/04 04:45  bedrijven, kom ook wat brengen 04/04 04:45 Onverstoorbaar doorwerken? Zo doe je dat 04/04 04:30 ‘Ik ben de kunstbeurs Salone de Mobile spuugzat’ 04/04 04:00 Deze keer geen crisis acteurs maar echte mensen 04/04 02:30 Bijna 5 procent minder winkels in de straat in tien jaar tijd 04/04 00:45 Bestaat er recht op asiel? 04/04 00:30 Tijdelijke hal Schiphol moet verrassend snelle groei passagiers beteugelen 04/04 00:30 Een man en zijn verzameling 03/04 23:30 Verdachte die Arnhemse homoseksueel sloeg doet aangifte tegen slachtoffer 03/04 23:30 Elf doden na explosie in metro Sint-Petersburg 03/04 23:30  Elf doden bij explosie in metro Sint-Petersburg 03/04 23:00 Bomaanslag in metro Sint Petersburg 03/04 23:00 Deze tanden werden er met een betonschaar uitgeslagen bij een homoseksueel in Arnhem 03/04 22:45 ‘Hij wankelde bebloed de metro uit’ 03/04 22:30 De hand-in-hand actie is een slecht geëvolueerde stille tocht 03/04 22:30 Gast doet beertje rijden in Goebkinski 03/04 22:30 ‘Ik drink net zo lief een wijntje thuis in de zon’ 03/04 22:30 Slachtoffer ‘Ze hebben al mijn voortanden eruit geslagen!’ 03/04 22:00 Matt Taibbi Putin Derangement Syndrome 03/04 21:45  Dodental loopt op naar elf 03/04 21:45 Paul Craig The Real Russiagate 03/04 21:45 CIA finally admits it masterminded Iran’s 1953 Coup 03/04 21:30 Barack Obama’s Nationaal Veiligheidsadviseur Susan Rice deed onderzoek naar medewerkers Donald Trump 03/04 21:30 Hacker legt uit wat de beste manier om het web zo anoniem mogelijk te gebruiken   Member login Emailadres Wachtwoord Log in  Gratis account   Wachtwoord?     Regionaal nieuws   Actueel nieuws   Google   Weer Weersverwachting NederlandWeeronline.nl - Meer weer in Nederland   Verkeer   Nieuwsbrief Emailadres Inschrijven  Uitschrijven     Contact Sitemap Privacy verklaring Disclaimer Binnenland Buitenland Sport Economie Wetenschap Cultuur Showbiz/media Computer Lifestyle Headlines Copyright © 2008 - 2015 - Headlines24.nl. Al het nieuws elke dag overzichtelijk verzameld.- (Pagina gegenereerd in 0.0125 seconden.)
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL MSFT Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Panera (PNRA) rockets higher on reports it's exploring a sale >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > 3 Big Stock Charts for Monday: Sprint Corp (S), Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) and Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) AMZN, AMD and S are all teasing the bulls with technical breakouts Apr 3, 2017, 11:53 am EDT  |  By Johnson Research Group Get AMZN alerts: Submit     View All   From the looks of things on early Monday morning, the market is set to start some slight gains. Last week, we ended by looking at three companies that traders should consider in technical trouble as we head into earnings. This morning, we’ll hit on three technology companies with charts that are suggesting that bullish breakouts may be on the way. Today’s Three Big Stock Charts takes a look at the technical setups of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Sprint Corp (NYSE:S) as each company is currently setting-up for what may be a bullish breakout. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) AMD has been on a roll over the last year, returning more than 400% on shares over the last 12 months. The semiconductor company has taken a clear lead over rival Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) on a relative strength basis and it just released a new series of semiconductor chips with positive reviews. Shares of Advanced Micro have been toying with resistance at $15 for the last two months. AMD shares have maintained momentum, just not the power to break through the chart resistance with authority. Now, Advanced Micro stock is setting-up for a squeeze play as the trendline that connects the recent highs is on course to intersect with the 50-day moving average. This will lead to a breakout for AMD stock. The last two trading sessions have seen AMD shares attempt to break above their top Bollinger Band, a move that should put the stock into a bullish volatility move. Currently, this trigger price is at $14.64. Traders should mark this price as a bullish catalyst level as a close above it will open a path for shares to rally to $16. Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Our chart analysis has been bullish on Amazon since the turn of the calendar year and now the shares are setting to go parabolic again as fundamentally bullish news regarding AWS is teasing the bulls. AMZN stock ended last week by breaking into a volatility rally with the move above $860 and the top Bollinger band. This rally is shifting into gear as volume is increasing on the move. Amazon is still almost a month away from its earnings announcement and AMZN stock is well known for seeing traders “buy the rumor” for weeks ahead of its announcement. The analysis of the recent Bollinger Band break and Amazon stock’s regression channels (which date back to mid-2014) indicate that an intermediate-term price target of $925 is within reach on this bullish move. We expect that the market will throw some resistance in the way as AMZN shares near $900, but a positive earnings report will surely test $925. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/3-big-stock-charts-for-monday-sprint-corp-s-amazon-com-inc-amzn-and-advanced-micro-devices-inc-amd/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 5 Best Stocks to Buy for April Will Panera Sell Out to SBUX or MCD? Tesla Stock Hits New Highs, Threatens Massive Breakout 3 Semiconductors Still Worth Buying Now 3 Entertainment Stocks to Buy as Summer Approaches 4 Things Apple Stock Owners Should Worry About ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 ‘Best of the Best’ Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter The 5 Best Stocks to Buy for April 3 Entertainment Stocks to Buy as Summer Approaches 3 Biotech Trades for the Faux Doomsday Scenario 3 Soaring Semiconductor Stocks Still Worth Buying Most Popular The 10 Best Stocks of the S&P 500 in Q1 7 ‘Best of the Best’ Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter The 7 Best Stocks to Buy for an Income-Rich Retirement 10 Stocks You’d Be Foolish to Buy Right Now The 7 Biggest Land Mines in Your Portfolio Right Now 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Sell in April Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to main content DONATE SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Search form Search Tuesday, April 4, 2017 Home World War & Peace Economy Climate Rights Solutions U.S. Canada Medicare for All! The 'Morally Obscene' Trump Budget Trump Resistance TrumpCare Falls Putin Derangement Syndrome Arrives Published on Monday, April 03, 2017 by Rolling Stone Putin Derangement Syndrome Arrives Whatever the truth about Trump and Russia, the speculation surrounding it has become a dangerous case of mass hysteria by Matt Taibbi 0 Comments Michael Flynn and Donald Trump. 'When it comes to Trump-Putin collusion, we're still waiting for the confirmation,' writes Taibbi. 'But on the mass hysteria front, we already have evidence enough to fill a dozen books.' (Photo: John Locher/AP) So Michael Flynn, who was Donald Trump's national security adviser before he got busted talking out of school to Russia's ambassador, has reportedly offered to testify in exchange for immunity. Trump has stuffed his Cabinet with tyrants, zealots and imbeciles – all bent on demolishing our government from within   For seemingly the 100th time, social media is exploding. This is it! The big reveal! Perhaps it will come off just the way people are expecting. Perhaps Flynn will get a deal, walk into the House or the Senate surrounded by a phalanx of lawyers, and unspool the whole sordid conspiracy. He will explain that Donald Trump, compromised by ancient deals with Russian mobsters, and perhaps even blackmailed by an unspeakable KGB sex tape, made a secret deal. He'll say Trump agreed to downplay the obvious benefits of an armed proxy war in Ukraine with nuclear-armed Russia in exchange for Vladimir Putin's help in stealing the emails of Debbie Wasserman-Schultz and John Podesta. I personally would be surprised if this turned out to be the narrative, mainly because we haven't seen any real evidence of it. But episodes like the Flynn story have even the most careful reporters paralyzed. What if, tomorrow, it all turns out to be true? What if reality does turn out to be a massive connect-the-dots image of St. Basil's Cathedral sitting atop the White House? (This was suddenly legitimate British conspiracist Louise Mensch's construction in The New York Times last week.) What if all the Glenn Beck-style far-out charts with the circles and arrows somehow all make sense? This is one of the tricks that keeps every good conspiracy theory going. Nobody wants to be the one claiming the emperor has no clothes the day His Highness walks out naked. And this Russia thing has spun out of control into just such an exercise of conspiratorial mass hysteria. Even I think there should be a legitimate independent investigation – one that, given Trump's history, might uncover all sorts of things. But almost irrespective of what ends up being uncovered on the Trump side, the public prosecution of this affair has taken on a malevolent life of its own. One way we recognize a mass hysteria movement is that everyone who doesn't believe is accused of being in on the plot. This has been going on virtually unrestrained in both political and media circles in recent weeks. The aforementioned Mensch, a noted loon who thinks Putin murdered Andrew Breitbart but has somehow been put front and center by The Times and HBO's Real Time, has denounced an extraordinary list of Kremlin plants. She's tabbed everyone from Jeff Sessions ("a Russian partisan") to Rudy Giuliani and former Assistant FBI Director James Kallstrom ("agents of influence") to Glenn Greenwald ("Russian shill") to ProPublica and Democracy Now! (also "Russian shills"), tothe 15-year-old girl with whom Anthony Weiner sexted (really, she says, a Russian hacker group called "Crackas With Attitudes") to an unnamed number of FBI agents in the New York field office ("moles"). And that's just for starters. Others are doing the same. Eric Boehlert of Media Matters, upon seeing the strange behavior of Republican Intel Committee chair Devin Nunes, asked "what kind of dossier" the Kremlin has on Nunes. Dem-friendly pollster Matt McDermott wondered why reporters Michael Tracey and Zaid Jilani aren't on board with the conspiracy stories (they might be "unwitting" agents!) and noted, without irony, that Russian bots mysteriously appear every time he tweets negatively about them. Think about that last one. Does McDermott think Tracey and Jilani call their handlers at the sight of a scary Matt McDermott tweet and have the FSB send waves of Russian bots at him on command? Or does he think it's an automated process? What goes through the heads of such people? I've written a few articles on the Russia subject that have been very tame, basically arguing that it might be a good idea to wait for evidence of collusion before those of us in the media jump in the story with both feet. But even I've gotten the treatment. I've been "outed" as a possible paid Putin plant by the infamous "PropOrNot" group, which is supposedly dedicated to rooting out Russian "agents of influence." You might remember PropOrNot as the illustrious research team the Washington Post once relied on for a report that accused 200 alternative websites of being "routine peddlers of Russian propaganda during the election season." Politicians are getting into the act, too. It was one thing when Rand Paul balked at OKing the expansion of NATO to Montenegro, and John McCain didn't hesitate to say that "the senator from Kentucky is now working for Vladimir Putin." Even Bernie Sanders has himself been accused of being a Putin plant by Mensch. But even he's gotten on board of late, asking, "What do the Russians have on Mr. Trump?" So even people who themselves have been accused of being Russian plants are now accusing people of being Russian plants. As the Russians would say, it's enough to make your bashka hurt. Sanders should know better. Last week, during hearings in the Senate, multiple witnesses essentially pegged his electoral following as unwitting fellow travelers for Putin. Former NSA chief Keith Alexander spoke openly of how Russia used the Sanders campaign to "drive a wedge within the Democratic Party," while Dr. Thomas Rid of Kings College in London spoke of Russia's use of "unwitting agents" and "overeager journalists" to drive narratives that destabilized American politics. This testimony was brought out by Virginia Democrat Mark Warner. Warner has been in full-blown "precious bodily fluids" mode throughout this scandal. During an interview with The Timeson the Russia subject a month back, there was a thud outside the window. "That may just be the FSB," he said. The paper was unsure if he was kidding. Warner furthermore told The Times that in order to get prepared for his role as an exposer of 21st-century Russian perfidy,he was "losing himself in a book about the Romanovs," and had been quizzing staffers about "Tolstoy and Nabokov." This is how nuts things are now: a senator brushes up on Nabokov and Tolstoy (Tolstoy!) to get pumped to expose Vladimir Putin. Even the bizarre admission by FBI director (and sudden darling of the same Democrats who hated him months ago) James Comey that he didn't know anything about Russia's biggest company didn't seem to trouble Americans very much. Here's the key exchange, from a House hearing in which Jackie Speier quizzed Comey: SPEIER: Now, do we know who Gazprom-Media is? Do you know anything about Gazprom, director? COMEY: I don't. SPEIER: Well, it's a – it's an oil company. (Incidentally, Gazprom – primarily a natural-gas giant – is not really an oil company. So both Comey and Speier got it wrong.) As Leonid Bershidsky of Bloomberg noted, this exchange was terrifying to Russians. The leader of an investigation into Russian espionage not knowing what Gazprom is would be like an FSB chief not having heard of Exxon-Mobil. It's bizarre, to say the least. Testimony of the sort that came from Warner's committee last week is being buttressed by news stories in liberal outlets like Saloninsisting that "Bernie Bros" were influenced by those same ubiquitous McDermott-chasing Russian "bots." These stories insist that, among other things, these evil bots pushed on the unwitting "bros" juicy "fake news" stories about Hillary being "involved with various murders and money laundering schemes." Some 13.2 million people voted for Sanders during the primary season last year. What percentage does any rational person really believe voted that way because of "fake news"? I would guess the number is infinitesimal at best. The Sanders campaign was driven by a lot of factors, but mainly by long-developing discontent within the Democratic Party and enthusiasm for Sanders himself. To describe Sanders followers as unwitting dupes who departed the true DNC faith because of evil Russian propaganda is both insulting and ridiculous. It's also a testimony to the remarkable capacity for self-deception within the leadership of the Democratic Party. If the party's leaders really believe that Russian intervention is anywhere in the top 100 list of reasons why some 155 million eligible voters (out of 231 million) chose not to pull a lever for Hillary Clinton last year, they're farther along down the Purity of Essence nut-hole than Mark Warner. Moreover, even those who detest Trump with every fiber of their being must see the dangerous endgame implicit in this entire line of thinking. If the Democrats succeed in spreading the idea that straying from the DNC-approved candidate – in either the past or the future – is/was an act of "unwitting" cooperation with the evil Putin regime, then the entire idea of legitimate dissent is going to be in trouble. Imagine it's four years from now (if indeed that's when we have our next election). A Democratic candidate stands before the stump, and announces that a consortium of intelligence experts has concluded that Putin is backing the hippie/anti-war/anti-corporate opposition candidate. Or, even better: that same candidate reminds us "what happened last time" when people decided to vote their consciences during primary season. It will be argued, in seriousness, that true Americans will owe their votes to the non-Putin candidate. It would be a shock if some version of this didn't become an effective political trope going forward. But if you're not worried about accusing non-believers of being spies, or pegging legitimate dissent as treason, there's a third problem that should scare everyone. Last week saw Donna Brazile and Dick Cheney both declare Russia's apparent hack of DNC emails an "act of war." This coupling seemed at first like political end times: as Bill Murray would say, "dogs and cats, living together." But there's been remarkable unanimity among would-be enemies in the Republican and Democrat camps on this question. Suddenly everyone from Speier to McCain to Kamala Harris to Ben Cardin have decried Russia's alleged behavior during the election as real or metaphorical acts of war: a "political Pearl Harbor," as Cardin put it. That no one seems to be concerned about igniting a hot war with nuclear-powered Russia at a time when both countries have troops within "hand-grenade range" of each in Syria other is bizarre, to say the least. People are in such a fever to drag Trump to impeachment that these other considerations seem not to matter. This is what happens when people lose their heads. There are a lot of people who will say that these issues are of secondary importance to the more important question of whether or not we have a compromised Russian agent in the White House. But when it comes to Trump-Putin collusion, we're still waiting for the confirmation. As Democratic congresswoman Maxine Waters put it, the proof is increasingly understood to be the thing we find later, as in, "If we do the investigations, we will find the connections." But on the mass hysteria front, we already have evidence enough to fill a dozen books. And if it doesn't freak you out, it probably should. © 2017 Rolling Stone Matt Taibbi As Rolling Stone’s chief political reporter, Matt Taibbi's predecessors include the likes of journalistic giants Hunter S. Thompson and P.J. O'Rourke. Taibbi's 2004 campaign journal Spanking the Donkey cemented his status as an incisive, irreverent, zero-bullshit reporter. His books include Griftopia: A Story of Bankers, Politicians, and the Most Audacious Power Grab in American History, The Great Derangement: A Terrifying True Story of War, Politics, and Religion, Smells Like Dead Elephants: Dispatches from a Rotting Empire. Share This Article More in: U.S. , Russia, Journalism, Media, Donald Trump Top Comments (Click to see more comments or to join the conversation) Join the resistance! Sign Up for Newsletter   Today's Views Bill Bigelow Arkansas' Howard Zinn Witch-Hunt Fizzles... Jeffrey D. Sachs US Military Should Get Out of the Middle East Paul Buchheit Most Americans Are Getting Poorer. How "Healthcare for the Rich" Is Killing Many of Them... Matt Taibbi Putin Derangement Syndrome Arrives Robert Naiman Pocan, Amash Invoke War Powers as Trump Mulls Pushing Yemen Into Famine Richard Painter, Norman Eisen Ethics Laws Will Sideline Jared and Ivanka Justin Shilad As Egypt-U.S. Relationship Moves Forward, Jailed Egyptian Journalists Left Behind Chris Hedges A Nation of the Walking Dead William K. Black Ecuador’s Tax Evading Oligarchs Try to Reconquer the Nation Linda McQuaig Fighting Fake News About Canadian Health Care John Light The Deep State, Explained Camillo Mac Bica Inappropriate Art: "Open Casket" and "Portraits of Courage"... More Views News That Matters Proposed #CollegeForAll Plan Would Tax Wall Street to Destroy Student Debt Crisis RESIST DAY #74: What You Can Do Today Spicer Won't Give Straight Answer on Reported Changes to Trump Trust Trump, Who Wants to Cut Interior by Billions, 'Gifts' $78,000 to Park Service 'We Agree On So Many Things': Trump Heaps Praise on Egyptian Autocrat Calling the GOP's Nuclear Bluff, Dems Secure 41 Votes Against Gorsuch Federal Judge Blocks Pence's "Extreme" Anti-Abortion Indiana Law As Clock Ticks for Internet Privacy, Calls for Trump to Show "Whose Side He's On" Trump Administration Slapped With Lawsuits Over Blocked Energy Efficiency Standards With Trump As "Final Straw," Immigrant and Workers' Rights Groups Gear Up for May Day Strikes More News Further The Clocks Are Already Striking Thirteen, and Big Brother Is Coming To A Theater Near You On April 4, 1984, Winston Smith, the hero of Orwell’s 1984, begins his rebellion against a dystopian world - one "held in a grip of fear, a world of absolute conformity, continuous surveillance, organized hatred and ceaseless war" - by writing in a diary, "Down with Big Brother." Tuesday, 200 movie theaters will show 1984 to resist its coming and "take a stand for our most basic values: freedom of speech, respect for our fellow human beings, and (the) truth there are (no) ‘alternative facts.'" Read More... More Further Connect With Us About Common Dreams Our Mission: To inform. To inspire. To ignite change for the common good. Common Dreams has been providing breaking news & views for the progressive community since 1997. We are independent, non-profit, advertising-free and 100% reader supported. About Common Dreams Key Staff Writers' Guidelines The Commons - Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Jobs Contact Us Common Dreams P.O. Box 443 Portland, ME 04112-0443 USA via Email: Editor News Tips? Article Submissions News Release Submissions Webmaster / General Info 207.775.0488 (voice)  207.775.0489 (fax) Common Dreams brings you the news that matters. DONATE Sign up for Newsletter Click to Sign Up Connect With Us  
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Global Economy > Competitiveness > No H-1B, No Problem: Tech Companies Set up Foreign Workers in Sunny Guadalajara No H-1B, No Problem: Tech Companies Set up Foreign Workers in Sunny Guadalajara Apr 3, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Why not park your non-American workers a four-hour flight from San Francisco? Getty Images Advertisement There’s a tech-loving governor in Mexico who sees opportunity in the hassles the Trump administration might create for companies eager to hire foreign engineers and coders: He’ll find cubicles for them. Aristoteles Sandoval has been making his pitch to Silicon Valley, selling what he considers the world’s second-best technology nerve center to the likes of Facebook Inc. and Tesla Inc. If you can’t import the talent you need, Sandoval has been telling them, there’s a way around the problem in Guadalajara. After all, most of the big companies have research centers, factories or satellite offices in the picturesque city. Why not park your non-American workers a four-hour flight from San Francisco? “We’ll take you,” Sandoval, 43, said, sleeves rolled up and hair slicked back as he sat at his desk in Casa Jalisco, the official residence of the governor of Jalisco state. “We’re tolerant and inclusive and think talent has no borders. Brilliant minds will always have a place here.” That could, and should, be interpreted as a dig at U.S. President Donald Trump, who has galvanized the industry with orders to ban immigration from some mostly Muslim countries and freeze the expedited processing of H-1B visas for specially skilled workers. And the Citizenship and Immigration Services department just issued new guidelines for the visas, making it more difficult for companies to use them to bring foreign tech workers into the U.S. “We had to raise our hand,” Sandoval said. Popular Now Managing the Financial Supply Chain Five Ways to Optimize Supply Chain Management Biggest 787 Dreamliner Takes Flight in Lift for Boeing Cash Plan The governor toured Silicon Valley in February and said he talked with more than 40 executives from companies including Microsoft Corp. who were “very interested.” The companies declined to comment. “The interest is absolutely there,” said Bismarck Lepe, founder and chief executive officer of Wizeline Inc., a business applications and software provider. Though it’s based in San Francisco, its main operations are on a Guadalajara campus that has the full Silicon Valley vibe going, with ping-pong and foosball tables and scooters for employees, who get free meals. Lepe, a former product manager for Google whose Mexican-born parents moved to America as migrant field workers, said he opened the Guadalajara office in 2013 because the U.S. had gotten “way too expensive.” The 182 people on the payroll there--where wages are about three times less--hail from more than 10 countries, including Egypt and France. Sandoval hasn’t released details about his plan, and it’s unclear just how it would work. “The governor’s openness is headed in the right direction,” said Jesus Palomino, who runs Intel Corp.’s design center in Guadalajara. “The message is excellent, but how to go about it will be a challenge.” Mexican immigration laws wouldn’t pose obstacles for someone from, say, India who wanted to work in Guadalajara for a company in Seattle, said Krizia Delgado, who studied migration at Oxford University. Other governments have established fast-track visa systems for entrepreneurs. Publicly funded Start-Up Chile gives grants and one-year visas to foreigners who want to develop their projects in the country. Guadalajara has the chops, said Bernardo Santos, operations manager for Jabil Circuit Inc. there. He said more than a few of the clients he’s hosted from the U.S., Europe and Asia have decided to move to the Jalisco state capital, the second-largest city in Mexico, which is in a broad valley not far from the Sierra Madre Occidental mountains and has a bustling arts scene. “It’s a very attractive city.” U.S. companies started setting up factories there in 1970, to take advantage of lower labor and other costs and government subsidies for construction licenses and property taxes. Much of the tech activity is still in production, but some, including IBM Corp. and Oracle Corp., have campuses rivaling those up north. Intel’s hub, its largest engineering center in Latin America, covers 25 acres. As much as 40% of the workforce in the city of 1.5 million is tied to tech, as are 52% of its exports, according to Sandoval’s office. After becoming governor in 2013, he moved to enhance that by creating the state Ministry of Innovation, Science and Technology to oversee the promotion of what he called a “culture around innovation.” Sandoval will brag about Guadalajara for as long as anyone has time to listen. “We have everything--great universities, golf courses, excellent shows, you name it.” What’s more, the surfing paradise of Sayulita is a four-hour drive west and there’s no shortage of tequila, which has been made for centuries from the agave plants that blanket fields not far from the city limits. The governor could be onto something, said Gary Burtless, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution in Washington who researches labor markets. If he can “siphon some of those would-be immigrants from the U.S., that’s great news for Mexico.” Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Canadian CEOs Urge Trudeau to Take Rejected US Tech Workers 1 Alibaba Offers to Help Global Tech Companies Navigate China Trump Tries to Soothe Tech Chiefs With Pledge He’s an Ally Rise of the (Foreign) Machines 1 The Global Manufacturer: Setting Your Company on a Path to Flourish THE LATEST Tesla's Stock Value Hits Record, Beats Ford Trump Visa Changes Toughen Hiring of Foreign Programmers No H-1B, No Problem: Tech Companies Set up Foreign Workers in Sunny Guadalajara Ford, Chrysler Sales Disappoint as Cars Plunge US Manufacturing Keeps Expanding at Robust Pace Tesla Beats Estimate with 25,000 Deliveries as Model 3 Nears More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Mar 31, 2017 Exclusive Even In New Digs, Immelt Paints As Big a Picture As Ever for GE 1 Just blocks from his new office (no longer “palatial” and no longer in Connecticut), General Electric CEO Jeff Immelt goes long on digital disruption, how to operate globally after all these years, and how the Trump Administration could affect manufacturing for years to come....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Even In New Digs, Immelt Paints As Big a Picture As Ever for GE Amid Political Rhetoric, More US Jobs Departing for Mexico Biggest 787 Dreamliner Takes Flight in Lift for Boeing Cash Plan The Missing Link Between Manufacturing Data and Profitability Working with High School Students, and Other Wisdom from a Super-Trainer IW Webinars Increase Your International Sales: How to Make Sure You Have the Right Export Documentation Manufacturing's Great Debate Best Practices for IoT Success Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Put Your Labor Data to Work: Unlock Improvements in Manufacturing with Engaged Employees View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Food Manufacturing Report: Enabling Farm-to-Table Track & Traceability with Mobile Technologies What's In the Gear that Service Techs Need? Mobile Vehicle and Heavy Equipment Repair Services The New Service Model Connected Quality Management Accelerating Global Industrial Productivity with The Connected Enterprise More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News OCTANe’s Technology Innovation Forum Plans to Showcase Orange County as a Tech Revolution Powerhouse /EINPresswire.com/ — ALISO VIEJO, CA–(Marketwired – Apr 3, 2017) – OCTANe, Orange County’s technology and life sciences accelerator organization, today announced the agenda for its annual Technology Innovation Forum (TIF) on June 1-2, 2017 in Newport Beach, California. This conference will set the stage for technological advancement in Southern California and include executives and experts from among the leading technology companies in the area, including Cylance, Mavenlink, Microsemi, Experian and Stance, as well as global companies such as Intel, IBM Watson, Google, AT&T and SalesForce. „At TIF, we will showcase the tremendous amount of innovation occurring in Orange County and the Greater Southern California area,” said Bill Carpou, CEO of OCTANe, „There is clear momentum in the Southern California ecosystem which continues to gain recognition as a hub of modern technology. This year, we will feature the numerous technologies that are changing the landscape of our region.” TIF 2017 will deliver high quality content that will connect innovators, investors and OCTANe partners. Some key sections include: A keynote by David Meltzer, CEO, Sports 1 Marketing on a Million Great Ideas — Taking Yours to Market A panel on using AR/VR to Transform Business and Entertainment with Robert Brown, CEO, Meridian AR, along with an all-star lineup of industry experts A discussion on Getting Smarter About Cybersecurity & Data Privacy with Gary Sorrentino, CTO, JP Morgan, as well as companies like: RSM, Microsemi, SecureAuth, and Cylance A panel on Disruptive Transportation and Infrastructure with Kia Motors, Karma Automotive, Hyperloop and Driveway Learn about Investing Resources and Capital in Southern California with Mike Fassula, Arrow Finance Solutions; Steve Litchfield, EVP & Chief Strategy Officer, Microsemi; Murray Rudin, General Partner, Riordan, Lewis & Haden; John Ruffolo, CEO, OMERS Ventures; Tom Shaar, Director of Global Engineering, Indiegogo and Andy Wilson, Founder/Managing Director, Momentum Venture Management Eight presentations by LaunchPad companies showcasing new ideas Since 2010, OCTANe’s LaunchPad SBDC has worked with startup technology and life science companies in Orange County. By using a unique predictive analytics process to position the companies and their underlying business models, LaunchPad helps these companies make effective presentations to investors. Since inception, the LaunchPad SBDC panel process has evaluated over 300 companies, and of that number, 236 have successfully raised over $1.4 billion in investment capital. TIF 2017’s investors include Sequoia Ventures, OMERS Ventures, GE Ventures and JP Morgan.  To learn more about the event and register to attend, please visit the OCTANe event page. OCTANe’s next event is the Ophthalmology Technology Summit on June 23-24, 2017 held at the Island Hotel, Newport Beach.  About OCTANe: OCTANe drives technology innovation and growth by connecting ideas and people with resources and capital. Its members represent technology and medical technology executive leaders, entrepreneurs, investors, venture capitalists, academicians, and strategic advisors, all working together to fuel innovation in Southern California. The organization has helped more than 800 companies via the LaunchPad™ SBDC accelerator. LaunchPad™-certified companies have received more than $1.7 billion in investment and equity exits. OCTANe annually welcomes more than 7,000 people to its programs and events. More than 2,000 business leaders throughout the region are OCTANe members. For more information, visit www.octaneoc.org. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Washington Dulles Airport Marriott unveils extensive guest room renovation Next PostNext Dichloropropane Market Consumption Analysis, Guidelines Overview and Upcoming Trends Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts The Roads Truckers Call The Most Dangerous In America INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Citizens, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Seneca Foods Corporation Acquires the Remaining 50% of Truitt Bros., Inc. Patriot National Delays Filing of Annual Report on Form 10-K Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Eaton Vance Closed-End Funds Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress

Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Should You Get Excited About the Cloudera IPO? Data wrangler Cloudera plans to join the public markets this year. Here's what you need to know. Anders Bylund (TMFZahrim) Apr 3, 2017 at 1:30PM Early investors in Facebook have quadrupled their stakes in five years. But public offerings in the tech sector aren't guaranteed tickets to big riches, as IPO-era buyers of much-hyped market newbies such as Zynga and CafePress can attest. Data management and analysis specialist Cloudera just announced its intention to join the public markets. Should you jump on this bandwagon right away, or is this a value destroyer in the making? Nobody knows for sure, of course, but here's how you should look at Cloudera's balance between risk and opportunity. Image source: Getty Images. What will Cloudera be worth? The company hopes to launch the IPO "as soon as practicable" now that the paperwork has been started. Anonymous insiders close to the Cloudera IPO have told Bloomberg that the company aims for roughly $4.1 billion in initial market value. That's right in line with the implied market value of a $740 million investment Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) made in 2014. In other words, Cloudera's theoretical market value hasn't increased in the past three years, a period packed with interest and business activity in the company's chosen target markets. This looks like a lowball estimate, setting Cloudera up for some drastic jumps on its first day on the market -- perhaps followed by sharp and unpredictable corrections. Buying into IPOs is a risky game at best, but a big gap between the market value at launch and the perceived growth opportunity can make it worse. It's the kind of thing day traders revel in, which often translates into a poor time for long-term investors to take a position. Will this stock ever make sense for long-term buyers? So Cloudera looks like a risky bet on Day One. That said, I'm going to keep a close eye on this company and stock as it matures. Cloud-based analysis of huge data sets is a big idea whose time has come, and Cloudera's Hadoop platform is a pioneer in that field. This company is poised to create a ton of shareholder value in the coming years, following an open-source path similar to Red Hat (NYSE:RHT). Both companies are deeply committed to software platforms with large and active development communities. I already own Red Hat shares, and my investment thesis is based on exactly the qualities that these two companies have in common. Post-IPO share prices might run up to crazy valuations and stay there, in which case I'd be happy to wait for an inevitable market correction before taking further action. That pause would also let me follow Cloudera and its management as they learn the ropes of the public market. Moreover, the young company's earnings and operating cash flows are still firmly negative. On the upside, sales rose 57% in the recently closed 2017 fiscal year, and the soft balance sheet will get turned inside-out when the IPO proceeds arrive. Let Cloudera find its sea legs before you even consider backing up the truck. Anders Bylund owns shares of Intel and Red Hat. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Facebook. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Anders Bylund (TMFZahrim) Anders Bylund is a Foolish Technology and Entertainment Specialist. Where the two markets intersect, you'll find his wheelhouse. He has been an official Fool since 2006 but a jester all his life. Hypoallergenic. Contains six flavors not found in nature. Believes in coyotes and time as an abstract. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. Follow Anders on Twitter, LinkedIn, and Google+. Article Info Apr 3, 2017 at 1:30PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.16 up $0.09 (0.25%) Red Hat NYSE:RHT $86.48 down $0.02 (-0.02%) Read More Square Enters Europe: A Big Opportunity, But a Big Challenge Himax Technologies History: Everything Investors Need to Know The 3 Best Machine Learning Stocks to Buy in 2017 Intel Corporation Not Worried About Samsung Chip Threat Better Buy: Facebook, Inc. vs. Twitter Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Should You Get Excited About the Cloudera IPO? @themotleyfool #stocks $INTC, $RHT
Follow @RollingStone Putin Derangement Syndrome Arrives News Video Music Politics TV Movies Sports Gaming RS Country More News Video Music Politics TV Movies Sports Gaming RS Country Lists Culture Galleries Long Reads Interviews Artists Album Reviews Ram Report Movie Reviews Coverwall Live Reviews 50th Anniversary Podcasts Subscribe Trending Taibbi: Putin Derangement Syndrome Arrives 'The Walking Dead': 5 Things We Learned From the Season... Taibbi on Trump the Destroyer Heaven's Gate 20 Years Later: 10 Things You Didn't Know Putin Derangement Syndrome Arrives Whatever the truth about Trump and Russia, the speculation surrounding it has become a dangerous case of mass hysteria Michael Flynn and Donald Trump Credit: John Locher/AP By Matt Taibbi 13 hours ago More News Notes From the House Select Intelligence Hearing on Russia Taibbi: Why the Russia Story Is a Minefield for Democrats and the Media Taibbi: The Russia Story Reaches a Crisis Point All Stories So Michael Flynn, who was Donald Trump's national security adviser before he got busted talking out of school to Russia's ambassador, has reportedly offered to testify in exchange for immunity. Related Taibbi on Trump the Destroyer Trump has stuffed his Cabinet with tyrants, zealots and imbeciles – all bent on demolishing our government from within For seemingly the 100th time, social media is exploding. This is it! The big reveal! Perhaps it will come off just the way people are expecting. Perhaps Flynn will get a deal, walk into the House or the Senate surrounded by a phalanx of lawyers, and unspool the whole sordid conspiracy. He will explain that Donald Trump, compromised by ancient deals with Russian mobsters, and perhaps even blackmailed by an unspeakable KGB sex tape, made a secret deal. He'll say Trump agreed to downplay the obvious benefits of an armed proxy war in Ukraine with nuclear-armed Russia in exchange for Vladimir Putin's help in stealing the emails of Debbie Wasserman-Schultz and John Podesta. I personally would be surprised if this turned out to be the narrative, mainly because we haven't seen any real evidence of it. But episodes like the Flynn story have even the most careful reporters paralyzed. What if, tomorrow, it all turns out to be true? What if reality does turn out to be a massive connect-the-dots image of St. Basil's Cathedral sitting atop the White House? (This was suddenly legitimate British conspiracist Louise Mensch's construction in The New York Times last week.) What if all the Glenn Beck-style far-out charts with the circles and arrows somehow all make sense? This is one of the tricks that keeps every good conspiracy theory going. Nobody wants to be the one claiming the emperor has no clothes the day His Highness walks out naked. And this Russia thing has spun out of control into just such an exercise of conspiratorial mass hysteria. Even I think there should be a legitimate independent investigation – one that, given Trump's history, might uncover all sorts of things. But almost irrespective of what ends up being uncovered on the Trump side, the public prosecution of this affair has taken on a malevolent life of its own. One way we recognize a mass hysteria movement is that everyone who doesn't believe is accused of being in on the plot. This has been going on virtually unrestrained in both political and media circles in recent weeks. The aforementioned Mensch, a noted loon who thinks Putin murdered Andrew Breitbart but has somehow been put front and center by The Times and HBO's Real Time, has denounced an extraordinary list of Kremlin plants. She's tabbed everyone from Jeff Sessions ("a Russian partisan") to Rudy Giuliani and former Assistant FBI Director James Kallstrom ("agents of influence") to Glenn Greenwald ("Russian shill") to ProPublica and Democracy Now! (also "Russian shills"), to the 15-year-old girl with whom Anthony Weiner sexted (really, she says, a Russian hacker group called "Crackas With Attitudes") to an unnamed number of FBI agents in the New York field office ("moles"). And that's just for starters. Jeff Sessions Nicholas Kamm/Getty Others are doing the same. Eric Boehlert of Media Matters, upon seeing the strange behavior of Republican Intel Committee chair Devin Nunes, asked "what kind of dossier" the Kremlin has on Nunes. Dem-friendly pollster Matt McDermott wondered why reporters Michael Tracey and Zaid Jilani aren't on board with the conspiracy stories (they might be "unwitting" agents!) and noted, without irony, that Russian bots mysteriously appear every time he tweets negatively about them. Think about that last one. Does McDermott think Tracey and Jilani call their handlers at the sight of a scary Matt McDermott tweet and have the FSB send waves of Russian bots at him on command? Or does he think it's an automated process? What goes through the heads of such people? I've written a few articles on the Russia subject that have been very tame, basically arguing that it might be a good idea to wait for evidence of collusion before those of us in the media jump in the story with both feet. But even I've gotten the treatment. I've been "outed" as a possible paid Putin plant by the infamous "PropOrNot" group, which is supposedly dedicated to rooting out Russian "agents of influence." You might remember PropOrNot as the illustrious research team the Washington Post once relied on for a report that accused 200 alternative websites of being "routine peddlers of Russian propaganda during the election season." Politicians are getting into the act, too. It was one thing when Rand Paul balked at OKing the expansion of NATO to Montenegro, and John McCain didn't hesitate to say that "the senator from Kentucky is now working for Vladimir Putin." Even Bernie Sanders has himself been accused of being a Putin plant by Mensch. But even he's gotten on board of late, asking, "What do the Russians have on Mr. Trump?" So even people who themselves have been accused of being Russian plants are now accusing people of being Russian plants. As the Russians would say, it's enough to make your bashka hurt. Sanders should know better. Last week, during hearings in the Senate, multiple witnesses essentially pegged his electoral following as unwitting fellow travelers for Putin. Former NSA chief Keith Alexander spoke openly of how Russia used the Sanders campaign to "drive a wedge within the Democratic Party," while Dr. Thomas Rid of Kings College in London spoke of Russia's use of "unwitting agents" and "overeager journalists" to drive narratives that destabilized American politics. This testimony was brought out by Virginia Democrat Mark Warner. Warner has been in full-blown "precious bodily fluids" mode throughout this scandal. During an interview with The Times on the Russia subject a month back, there was a thud outside the window. "That may just be the FSB," he said. The paper was unsure if he was kidding. Warner furthermore told The Times that in order to get prepared for his role as an exposer of 21st-century Russian perfidy, he was "losing himself in a book about the Romanovs," and had been quizzing staffers about "Tolstoy and Nabokov." This is how nuts things are now: a senator brushes up on Nabokov and Tolstoy (Tolstoy!) to get pumped to expose Vladimir Putin. Even the bizarre admission by FBI director (and sudden darling of the same Democrats who hated him months ago) James Comey that he didn't know anything about Russia's biggest company didn't seem to trouble Americans very much. Here's the key exchange, from a House hearing in which Jackie Speier quizzed Comey: SPEIER: Now, do we know who Gazprom-Media is? Do you know anything about Gazprom, director? COMEY: I don't. SPEIER: Well, it's a – it's an oil company. (Incidentally, Gazprom – primarily a natural-gas giant – is not really an oil company. So both Comey and Speier got it wrong.) As Leonid Bershidsky of Bloomberg noted, this exchange was terrifying to Russians. The leader of an investigation into Russian espionage not knowing what Gazprom is would be like an FSB chief not having heard of Exxon-Mobil. It's bizarre, to say the least.  James Comey and Mike Rogers at the March 20th House Intelligence Committee hearing on Russia. Matt McClain/The Washington Post/Getty Testimony of the sort that came from Warner's committee last week is being buttressed by news stories in liberal outlets like Salon insisting that "Bernie Bros" were influenced by those same ubiquitous McDermott-chasing Russian "bots." These stories insist that, among other things, these evil bots pushed on the unwitting "bros" juicy "fake news" stories about Hillary being "involved with various murders and money laundering schemes." Some 13.2 million people voted for Sanders during the primary season last year. What percentage does any rational person really believe voted that way because of "fake news"? I would guess the number is infinitesimal at best. The Sanders campaign was driven by a lot of factors, but mainly by long-developing discontent within the Democratic Party and enthusiasm for Sanders himself. To describe Sanders followers as unwitting dupes who departed the true DNC faith because of evil Russian propaganda is both insulting and ridiculous. It's also a testimony to the remarkable capacity for self-deception within the leadership of the Democratic Party. If the party's leaders really believe that Russian intervention is anywhere in the top 100 list of reasons why some 155 million eligible voters (out of 231 million) chose not to pull a lever for Hillary Clinton last year, they're farther along down the Purity of Essence nut-hole than Mark Warner. Moreover, even those who detest Trump with every fiber of their being must see the dangerous endgame implicit in this entire line of thinking. If the Democrats succeed in spreading the idea that straying from the DNC-approved candidate – in either the past or the future – is/was an act of "unwitting" cooperation with the evil Putin regime, then the entire idea of legitimate dissent is going to be in trouble. Imagine it's four years from now (if indeed that's when we have our next election). A Democratic candidate stands before the stump, and announces that a consortium of intelligence experts has concluded that Putin is backing the hippie/anti-war/anti-corporate opposition candidate. Or, even better: that same candidate reminds us "what happened last time" when people decided to vote their consciences during primary season. It will be argued, in seriousness, that true Americans will owe their votes to the non-Putin candidate. It would be a shock if some version of this didn't become an effective political trope going forward. But if you're not worried about accusing non-believers of being spies, or pegging legitimate dissent as treason, there's a third problem that should scare everyone. Last week saw Donna Brazile and Dick Cheney both declare Russia's apparent hack of DNC emails an "act of war." This coupling seemed at first like political end times: as Bill Murray would say, "dogs and cats, living together." But there's been remarkable unanimity among would-be enemies in the Republican and Democrat camps on this question. Suddenly everyone from Speier to McCain to Kamala Harris to Ben Cardin have decried Russia's alleged behavior during the election as real or metaphorical acts of war: a "political Pearl Harbor," as Cardin put it. That no one seems to be concerned about igniting a hot war with nuclear-powered Russia at a time when both countries have troops within "hand-grenade range" of each in Syria other is bizarre, to say the least. People are in such a fever to drag Trump to impeachment that these other considerations seem not to matter. This is what happens when people lose their heads. There are a lot of people who will say that these issues are of secondary importance to the more important question of whether or not we have a compromised Russian agent in the White House. But when it comes to Trump-Putin collusion, we're still waiting for the confirmation. As Democratic congresswoman Maxine Waters put it, the proof is increasingly understood to be the thing we find later, as in, "If we do the investigations, we will find the connections." But on the mass hysteria front, we already have evidence enough to fill a dozen books. And if it doesn't freak you out, it probably should. Watch illustrator Victor Juhasz discuss what it means to draw President Donald Trump. More News Notes From the House Select Intelligence Hearing on Russia Taibbi: Why the Russia Story Is a Minefield for Democrats and the Media Taibbi: The Russia Story Reaches a Crisis Point All Stories Topics: Vladimir Putin Donald Trump Russia Don’t Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive breaking news directly in your inbox. Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter. We may use your e-mail address to send you the newsletter and offers that may interest you, on behalf of Rolling Stone and its partners. For more information please read our Privacy Policy How we use your email address Trending Ranked on a scale from 1 to 10, the trending score reflects the number of users reading a story in real time. What is this? Taibbi: Putin Derangement Syndrome Arrives 9.3 'The Walking Dead': 5 Things We Learned From... 8.1 Taibbi on Trump the Destroyer 6.9 Heaven's Gate 20 Years Later: 10 Things You... 5.8 Sinbad Wins April Fools' Day With Real... 4.9 © Rolling Stone 2017 Digital Edition Subscribe Give a Gift Coverwall Contact Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Terms of Use Customer Service Advertise Sitemap
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Consumers File Class Action Lawsuit Against Arris for Defective Cable Modems Schubert Law Firm Investigating Claims Against Cable Modem Manufacturers Concerning Latency Issues in Puma 6 Chipset SAN FRANCISCO, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Consumers today filed a class action lawsuit against Arris International plc (NASDAQ: ARRS), claiming that the telecommunications company sells cable modems containing a serious defect that results in high spikes in network latency, degrading users' Internet connections, according to Schubert Jonckheer & Kolbe, which represents the consumers. The lawsuit, filed on March 31, 2017 in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, alleges that consumers who purchased Arris's SURFboard SB6190 modem—which promised consumers "the fastest speeds" and "most reliable connection" to the Internet—suffer from severe network latency spikes. Hundreds of users have complained in online forums, and Arris itself has acknowledged the issue. Arris, however, has failed to fix the problem for SB6190 purchasers. "Consumers paid top dollar for a high-end cable modem, but even Arris now acknowledges that the SB6190 suffers from a serious flaw," said Noah Schubert, a partner at Schubert Jonckheer & Kolbe, "Arris and other cable modem manufacturers shipping modems with the defect should recall the affected models and issue refunds." According to the lawsuit, the root of the problem is Arris's decision to swap out the Broadcom chipset in this modem with the Puma 6 chipset from Intel Corporation. Arris told online technology websites that the problem stems from Intel's Puma 6's chipset, which causes cable modems to suffer from significant jitter and latency on their network connections. Schubert Jonckheer & Kolbe LLP is actively investigating whether other cable modems containing the Puma 6 chipset, including modems from Netgear, Linksys, Cisco, and Hitron, also suffer from the same severe network latency defect. To see if your cable modem may be affected by this defect, please visit our website at classactionlawyers.com/cablemodems. If you purchased an Arris SB6190 or other cable modem containing the Puma 6 chipset, you may be entitled to a refund of the purchase price. If you think you may be affected by this cable modem defect, please contact us today to learn more. About Schubert Jonckheer & Kolbe Schubert Jonckheer & Kolbe represents shareholders, employees, and consumers in class actions against corporate defendants, as well as shareholders in derivative actions against their officers and directors. The firm is based in San Francisco, and with the help of co-counsel, litigates cases nationwide. Contact Noah M. Schubert Schubert Jonckheer & Kolbe nschubert@sjk.law Tel: 415-788-4220 SOURCE Schubert Jonckheer & Kolbe LLP CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Statement by President Juncker following the attacks in St Petersburg Next PostNext Modular Substation Market Competition Analysis by Type, Region Forecast 2021 Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Tue, Apr 04, 2017 - Page 12　 Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Taiwan in talks with Intel, Cisco to set up IoT centers Staff writer, with CNA The government is in talks with several multinational high-tech firms to establish Internet of Things (IoT) development centers, the Chinese-language Commercial Times newspaper said yesterday. The Asia Silicon Valley Development Agency has started negotiations with up to six US high-tech firms, including semiconductor giant Intel Corp, networking services provider Cisco System Inc and information technology services firm Hewlett Packard Enterprise on working with Taiwan to develop IoT, the newspaper said. The agency seeks to transform Taiwan into an “Asian Silicon Valley” under the supervision of the government, part of the industrial policies launched by President Tsai Ing-wen’s (蔡英文) administration to upgrade Taiwan’s industry and spur economic growth. Agency chief executive officer Kung Ming-hsin (龔明鑫) said talks with the US tech giants could lead to the signing of a memorandum of understanding (MOU) as soon as June, enabling them to establish an IoT foothold in Taiwan. The government has budgeted NT$11.3 billion (US$373 million) for the plan this year, after establishing the agency at the end of last year, the report said. The agency is seeking private sector partners at home and abroad with Kung and chief investment officer Wong Chia-sheng’s (翁嘉盛) guidance. US-based software developer Microsoft Corp and smartphone chip designer Qualcomm Inc have already signed MOUs with the Ministry of Economic Affairs. Cooperation with multinational high-tech firms is expected to help the local industrial sector integrate resources dedicated to IoT development, Kung said, adding that the participation of foreign firms provides a channel to market Taiwan’s innovation globally. As of the end of last month, a total of 140 local enterprises had established an IoT alliance, which is expected to pave the way for international cooperation, the report said. As part of the plan, Taiwan aims to have 5 percent of the global IoT market by 2025, the agency said on its Web site. This story has been viewed 1854 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-03-28 to 2017-04-04 Most read Most e-mailed 1 ‘One country, two systems’ an empty pledge: DPP 2 Most Taiwanese see China as hostile to Taiwan: poll 3 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 4 Abe reaffirms ties between Taiwan and Japan 5 Dalai Lama, Indian border guard meet after 58 years MORE  1 Sunflower activists cleared of charges 2 Air force to receive 15 Black Hawks: ministry 3 Hsinchu Air Base to host Mirage 2000 fighters at air show 4 Documenting Taiwan’s blacklisted dissidents 5 EDITORIAL: How is the economy really doing? MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
No Ads Tuesday | April 4, 2017 Trending Thomas set to be longest-serving justice on Supreme Court 04/03/17 12:01 AM Weekly Trump Report Card: 'D' for fighting with friends 04/01/17 07:29 AM Obama's 'slush fund' settlements may survive under Trump 04/03/17 12:01 AM Trump's sanctuary city threat rests in the hands of Obama-appointed judge 04/03/17 12:01 AM Gingrich: Evidence points to Democratic collusion with Russia 04/02/17 05:24 PM Over Nunes issue, the media pivot from 'substance' to leakers 04/01/17 08:00 AM Byron York: 11 key points to remember about Trump-Russia affair 03/31/17 05:10 PM Trump's Navy buildup 04/03/17 12:01 AM Opening Day: Remember that time Eisenhower had a secret baseball career? 04/02/17 04:44 PM Conservatives gun for a debt ceiling win under Trump 04/03/17 12:01 AM Susan Rice sought unmasking of Trump transition and campaign officials: Report 04/03/17 11:21 AM Byron York: Senate committee targets FBI No. 2 in Trump dossier probe 04/01/17 07:17 PM GOP's agenda hits brakes after healthcare bill collapses 04/03/17 12:01 AM States push marijuana legalization bills despite opposition from the federal government 04/03/17 12:01 AM Rand Paul optimistic about Obamacare repeal after golfing with Trump 04/02/17 05:29 PM The coming Republican fight on spending 04/03/17 12:01 AM Native American tribes find it's not always easy being green 04/03/17 12:01 AM With baseball stadium subsidies, taxpayers strike out before the first pitch 04/02/17 08:00 AM At least 10 dead after explosion rips through St. Petersburg metro in Russia 04/03/17 08:32 AM NRA: Democrats don't accept they lost election in fighting Gorsuch 03/31/17 03:43 PM Trump praises Fox News for running 'the real story' 04/03/17 07:37 AM Cheer up! Brexit is an incredible opportunity! 04/03/17 12:04 AM Last-minute Medicaid expansions complicate Obamacare repeal 04/03/17 12:01 AM Rep. Jim Banks: Trump's Navy fleet plan is 'absolutely necessary' 04/03/17 12:01 AM Jeb Bush warns robots taking US jobs is not science fiction 04/02/17 01:45 PM GOP poll: Democratic candidate in Georgia 6th District sliding 04/03/17 09:44 AM Is it time for a robot tax? 04/03/17 12:01 AM Montana Democrat Jon Tester opposes Gorsuch 04/02/17 08:25 PM Trump warns Freedom Caucus: I'll make an Obamacare replacement deal with Democrats 04/02/17 04:11 PM School choice advocates gear up for big win 04/03/17 12:01 AM Trump: My tweet about Obama 'surveillance' is 'turning out to be true' 04/02/17 03:41 PM Byron York: Schiff mum on what he saw at White House 04/03/17 11:04 AM Americans don't want what feminists want 04/01/17 05:42 PM Oversight Committee could take action against Flynn over Russia payments 04/03/17 10:48 AM Builder's union: 'Damn right' to working with Trump 04/03/17 02:29 PM Democratic Sen. Joe Donnelly announces support for Gorsuch 04/02/17 01:43 PM Colorado Rep. Lamborn to get a primary challenge 04/02/17 04:51 PM Putin seeking meeting with Trump 04/02/17 10:14 AM Opening Day 2017: Baseball's best and worst presidential first pitches 03/31/17 05:16 PM Jason Chaffetz says Mike Flynn shouldn't receive immunity to testify 04/03/17 09:39 AM Trump takes Rand Paul on a golf outing to discuss healthcare 04/02/17 11:28 AM Coal boom: Hiring spikes 'through the roof' 03/31/17 10:18 AM Los Angeles Times predicts Armageddon under Trump 04/03/17 08:19 AM White House releases official Melania Trump portrait 04/03/17 11:59 AM Predicting landslides: Western lawmakers want better ways to save communities 04/03/17 12:01 AM Why the Pentagon doesn't want Turkey's help in Syria 04/01/17 12:01 AM DNC Chair Tom Perez: Trump and Ryan 'don't give a shit about people' 04/01/17 08:47 AM Sunday show wrap-up: Gorsuch, Russia and Nikki Haley dings the boss 04/02/17 01:58 PM Trump surveillance: What does 'unmasking' mean? 04/03/17 01:44 PM Fetal development 101 04/03/17 08:00 AM Home 2016 Election Politics Politics Home White House Congress Washington Secrets Campaigns Policy Policy Home Budgets & Deficits Health Care Economy Law Environment & Energy Technology Defense & National Security Special Reports Magazine Magazine Home Digital Edition Opinion Opinion Home Editorial Cartoons Editorials Columnists Op-Eds Commentary Series Watchdog Watchdog Home Investigative Series Beltway Confidential Media Video Newsletters Podcasts Employee Rights Act About Us About Us Editorial Advertise Contact Us Schiff slammed Nunes for viewing the documents by himself and not sharing them with Democrats on the committee. (Graeme Jennings/Examiner) Byron York: Schiff mum on what he saw at White House By Byron York (@ByronYork) • 4/3/17 11:04 AM Byron York Chief Political Correspondent The Washington Examiner http://s3.amazonaws.com/content.washingtonexaminer.biz/images/static/authors/headshot-byronyork.jpg Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More Adam Schiff, ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, has been sharply critical of the panel's Republican chairman, Devin Nunes, for visiting the White House to view classified documents that Nunes says show the Obama administration intercepted the communications of Donald Trump associates before the president took office in January. Among other things, Schiff slammed Nunes for viewing the documents by himself and not sharing them with Democrats on the committee. So last week, White House counsel Don McGahn invited Schiff to come see the documents for himself. Schiff did so on Friday. Now, both the Republican chairman and the Democratic ranking member on the Intel Committee have seen the documents. And now, the public has a chance to hear another assessment to balance Nunes' claim that he saw "dozens" of intelligence reports involving the incidental collection of Trumpworld figures in Obama administration intercepts, with the names of some of them "unmasked," and that none of it had to do with Russia. In other words, Nunes suggested the Obama administration misused its wiretapping powers to gather information on the Trump team. So with Schiff's visit to the White House, a chance for balance. But after viewing the documents, Schiff has gone nearly completely silent about what he saw. He has kept up his criticism of how Nunes came to view the material, but on what's actually in the documents, Schiff has said virtually nothing. On Friday, immediately after viewing the documents, Schiff released a statement in which he declined to say anything about substance and repeated earlier criticisms of Republicans' handling of the matter. "While I cannot discuss the content of the documents," Schiff said, "if the White House had any concern over these materials, they should have been shared with the full committee in the first place." Schiff made no public comments on Saturday, and then on Sunday morning appeared on CNN, where Jake Tapper asked Schiff if, having seen the documents, "can you understand why Chairman Nunes might have some issues with the surveillance that was going on?" "I can't go into the contents of the documents, Jake," Schiff said, before a quick pivot to Nunes' methods. "I can say I don't agree with the chairman's characterization, which is exactly why it's so important you don't share documents with just one person or even two people. They need to be shared with both full committees." Continuing, Schiff said "the most important thing" about the documents is not what is in them but how they were handled: Also from the Washington Examiner Trump's H-1B visas plan falls short of campaign pledge For the last four years, the cap has been hit in less than a week. By W. James Antle III • 04/04/17 12:01 AM But the most important thing people need to know about these documents is not classified, and it's a couple of things. First, the deputy assistant to the White House informed me when I went to see them that these are exactly the same materials that were shown to the chairman. Now, this is a very interesting point. How does the White House know that these are the same materials that were shown to the chairman, if the White House wasn't aware what the chairman was being shown? And the second point was also made to me. And this is — I think was also underscored by Sean Spicer — and that is, it was told to me by the deputy assistant that these materials were produced in the ordinary course of business. Well, the question for the White House and for Mr. Spicer is the ordinary course of whose business? Because, if these were produced either for or by the White House, then why all of the subterfuge? There's nothing ordinary about the process that was used here at all. All the talk about intercepts, Schiff said, was just an attempt by Trump and Republicans to distract from questions about Trump and Russia. By that time, anyone interested in the substance of the issue — Do the documents show that Obama administration officials picked up Trumpworld figures in electronic intercepts and then identified them by name? — was entirely frustrated. Schiff appeared determined to say nothing about substance. "I guess the question that Nunes is asking or suggesting that we should be asking in the media," Tapper said to Schiff, "[is] who unmasked these Trump advisers, and is it possible that any of this unmasking was being done for political reasons, instead of for legitimate ones?" "Well, first of all, I can't talk about, as I mentioned, the contents of any documents," Schiff said. "So at this point, I can't say whether anything was masked or unmasked improperly." Also from the Washington Examiner Six questions raised by the report Susan Rice unmasked names of Trump advisers The report points the investigation in a number of new potential directions. By Todd Shepherd • 04/04/17 12:01 AM Schiff then pivoted again to criticize Republican procedures. Monday morning, Bloomberg's Eli Lake reported that former Obama national security adviser Susan Rice "requested the identities of U.S. persons in raw intelligence reports on dozens of occasions that connect to the Donald Trump transition and campaign, according to U.S. officials familiar with the matter." If that is accurate, it seems unlikely that the "most important" thing about the documents is how they were handled. After seeing the documents with his own eyes, Schiff had a chance to shed some light on what has become a key question in the Trump-Russia matter. He didn't take it. Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More Comments Sign Up for the Examiner Today newsletter! Please enter your information below to begin receiving the Examiner Today newsletter. You must enter a valid email address in the field above! Thank you for signing up for the Examiner Today newsletter! You should receive your first newsletter very soon. We're sorry, there was an error processing your newsletter signup. Please click here to visit our Newsletter Signup Center to register for this newsletter. TOPICS Beltway Confidential | White House | Congress | Byron York | Russia | Donald Trump | Devin Nunes | Adam Schiff | 100 Days | Intelligence Committee Subscribe to Alerts + Beltway Confidential + White House + Congress + Byron York + Russia + Donald Trump + Devin Nunes + Adam Schiff + 100 Days + Intelligence Committee Learn more about Washington Examiner's Alerts The Washington Examiner http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/s3/wex15/img/wex_eagle_large.png The Washington Examiner 2017 Washington, DC Politics 2017-04-03 http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/byron-york-schiff-mum-on-what-he-saw-at-white-house/article/2619168 2017-04-03T11:04 2017-04-03T11:19 Schiff mum on what he saw at White House Adam Schiff, ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, has been sharply critical of the panel's Republican chairman, Devin Nunes, for visiting the White House to view classified documents that Nunes says show the Obama administration intercepted the communications of Donald Trump associates before the president took office in January. Among other things, Schiff slammed Nunes for viewing the documents by himself and not sharing them with Democrats on the committee. So last week, White House counsel Don McGahn invited Schiff to come see the documents for himself. Schiff did so on Friday. Now, both the Republican chairman and the Democratic ranking member on the Intel Committee have seen the documents. And now, the public has a chance to hear another assessment to balance Nunes' claim that he saw dozens of intelligence reports involving the incidental collection of Trumpworld figures in Obama administration intercepts, with the names of some of them unmasked, and that none of it had to do with Russia. In other words, Nunes suggested the Obama administration misused its wiretapping powers to gather information on the Trump team. Beltway Confidential,Opinion,White House,Congress,Byron York,Russia,Donald Trump,Minusextra,Devin Nunes,Commentary,Adam Schiff,100 Days,Intelligence Committee http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-s_d6239628d7954303ba27d239726b48ae.jpg http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-s_d6239628d7954303ba27d239726b48ae.jpg 280280 Loading Next Article × THANKS FOR SHARING! Sign up for the Examiner Today newsletter which delivers a must-read briefing with exclusive reports and cutting-edge insights direct to your mailbox. I’ve already done this. Please don't show this to me again Can't find what you're looking for? Home About Us Magazine & Archives Editorial Advertise Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Close Ad
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES TECHNOLOGY April 4, 2017 | Last updated 3 minutes ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: Gitex Shopper UAE holidays 2017 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Dubai gold is Dh6.25 cheaper: Time to buy? Dubai gold rates drop as Fed hike looms Gold Rate Sectors23 Markets10 Automotives3 Banking2 Construction1 Employment Features1 General Investment Media Careers Energy65 Retail5 Shipping1 Technology6 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors Apple to open new store in Dubai Mall Mover over Ford, Tesla zooms to No. 2 YouTube ad issue solved by machine learning? Renewables Aviation3 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Etihad Airways bookings to US healthy Aviation event targets more women Lufthansa counting on A350 fleet to end losses Economy12 Property3 GN Property top stories in Property Dubai landlords cut rents, extend leases Dubai moves towards new rental law 45% jump in Dubai property transactions to Dh77b Money1 Dollars and Dirhams Visas Analysis3 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Silicon Valley’s Trump scare spurs bold bid by Mexico’s tech hub Aristoteles Sandoval making his pitch to Silicon Valley, selling the world’s second-best technology nerve centre to the likes of Facebook and Tesla Image Credit: Supplied San Jose, California. Many of the top tech companies though based in San Francisco, their main operations are on a Guadalajara campus that has the full Silicon Valley vibe going. Published: 17:17 April 3, 2017 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Mexico City There’s a tech-loving governor in Mexico who sees opportunity in the hassles the Trump administration might create for companies eager to hire foreign engineers and coders: He’ll find cubicles for them. Aristoteles Sandoval has been making his pitch to Silicon Valley, selling what he considers the world’s second-best technology nerve center to the likes of Facebook Inc. and Tesla Inc. If you can’t import the talent you need, Sandoval has been telling them, there’s a way around the problem in Guadalajara. After all, most of the big companies have research centres, factories or satellite offices in the picturesque city. Why not park your non-American workers a four-hour flight from San Francisco? “We’ll take you,” Sandoval, 43, said, sleeves rolled up and hair slicked back as he sat at his desk in Casa Jalisco, the official residence of the governor of Jalisco state. “We’re tolerant and inclusive and think talent has no borders. Brilliant minds will always have a place here.” That could, and should, be interpreted as a dig at US President Donald Trump, who has galvanised the industry with orders to ban immigration from some mostly Muslim countries and freeze the expedited processing of H-1B visas for specially skilled workers. “We had to raise our hand,” Sandoval said. The governor toured Silicon Valley in February and said he talked with more than 40 executives from companies including Microsoft Corp. who were “very interested.” The companies declined to comment. “The interest is absolutely there,” said Bismarck Lepe, founder and chief executive officer of Wizeline Inc., a business applications and software provider. Though it’s based in San Francisco, its main operations are on a Guadalajara campus that has the full Silicon Valley vibe going, with ping-pong and foosball tables and scooters for employees, who get free meals. Lepe, a former product manager for Google whose Mexican-born parents moved to America as migrant field workers, said he opened the Guadalajara office in 2013 because the US had gotten “way too expensive.” The 182 people on the payroll there — where wages are about three times less — hail from more than 10 countries, including Egypt and France. Sandoval hasn’t released details about his plan, and it’s unclear just how it would work. “The governor’s openness is headed in the right direction,” said Jesus Palomino, who runs Intel Corp.’s design centre in Guadalajara. “The message is excellent, but how to go about it will be a challenge.” Mexican immigration laws wouldn’t pose obstacles for someone from, say, India who wanted to work in Guadalajara for a company in Seattle, said Krizia Delgado, who studied migration at Oxford University. Other governments have established fast-track visa systems for entrepreneurs. Publicly funded Start-Up Chile gives grants and one-year visas to foreigners who want to develop their projects in the country. Guadalajara has the chops, said Bernardo Santos, operations manager for Jabil Circuit Inc. there. He said more than a few of the clients he’s hosted from the US, Europe and Asia have decided to move to the Jalisco state capital, the second-largest city in Mexico, which is in a broad valley not far from the Sierra Madre Occidental mountains and has a bustling arts scene. “It’s a very attractive city.” US companies started setting up factories there in 1970, to take advantage of lower labour and other costs and government subsidies for construction licenses and property taxes. Much of the tech activity is still in production, but some, including IBM Corp. and Oracle Corp., have campuses rivalling those up north. Intel’s hub, its largest engineering center in Latin America, covers 25 acres. As much as 40 per cent of the workforce in the city of 1.5 million is tied to tech, as are 52 per cent of its exports, according to Sandoval’s office. After becoming governor in 2013, he moved to enhance that by creating the state Ministry of Innovation, Science and Technology to oversee the promotion of what he called a “culture around innovation.” Sandoval will brag about Guadalajara for as long as anyone has time to listen. “We have everything — great universities, golf courses, excellent shows, you name it.” What’s more, the surfing paradise of Sayulita is a four-hour drive west and there’s no shortage of tequila, which has been made for centuries from the agave plants that blanket fields not far from the city limits. The governor could be onto something, said Gary Burtless, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution in Washington who researches labour markets. If he can “siphon some of those would-be immigrants from the US, that’s great news for Mexico.” — Bloomberg More from Technology Apple to open new store in Dubai Mall 10 minutes ago YouTube ad issue solved by machine learning? 04:09 am Bold bid by Mexico’s tech hub Imagination shares plunge 69% on Apple rejection Digital economy conference set for DWTC Dubai Expo 2020 hub will look like this Gitex Shopper fifth spring edition ends Apple, Amazon, Google bid for Toshiba unit tags from this storyGoogle follow this tag on MGNIndia follow this tag on MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGNEgypt follow this tag on MGNFrance follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsTechnology tagsGoogle follow this tag on MGN+ MGNIndia follow this tag on MGN+ MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN+ MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNEgypt follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In TechnologyApple to open new store in Dubai Mall Business Gallery Pictures: Gitex Shopper Spring 2017 Manufacturing is order of the day Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Dubai Expo 2020 hub will look like this 02Gitex Shopper fifth spring edition ends 03Gitex: Buy an HP laptop and save Dh897 Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 Play See the latest gadgets and tech from GITEX 2011 Oct 09, 2011 6Images Manufacturing is order of the day Mar 28, 2017 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 36Images Robots, apps and 3D printing at Gitex Oct 22, 2015 29Images In pictures: Defence exhibition Idex 2017 Feb 23, 2017 TheNumber $3.7bn The figure Facebook's profit doubled to in final three months of 2016 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Dubai fire: Police rescue 4 trapped workers Stop driving licences for expats: Kuwait MP 2017 UAE holidays Blood money case puts expat in limbo Are temperatures set to drop in UAE? Dubai moves towards new rental law Dh29 million offered in new Dubai scam UAE businessmen seek second passport Saudi ex-husband takes traffic fine revenge Close Recommended For You YouTube ad issue solved by machine learning?PUBLISHED ON Apr 04, 2017 On to battle they marchPUBLISHED ON Apr 03, 2017 Dubai landlords cut rents, extend leasesPUBLISHED ON Apr 04, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Lime Microsystems Announces LimeNET Campaign to Enable SDR-based Wireless Networks Crowdfund – Launching 27th April LONDON, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Lime Microsystems today announced its LimeNET crowd-funding campaign, to take its software defined radio small-cell and carrier-class base-stations to mass market, will launch on the 27th April. LimeNET is the follow-up to the LimeSDR crowd campaign, which is set to become CrowdSupply’s first $1 million project later this month. This new campaign is intended for use primarily as a mobile and IoT base station. LimeNET base stations hold the potential to completely transform the way telco networks run, shifting the emphasis and value away from proprietary hardware to open hardware with app stores on top. The campaign is running in collaboration with Ubuntu with the two companies seeking to turn the mobile telephony business model on its head. Lime CEO, Ebrahim Bushehri said: „Radio access technology for wide area networks accounts for a significant portion of the overall deployment cost. We’re seeking to make the hardware an open-source commodity sold for a fraction of current offerings, with the real value being in the software it runs. Doing it this way would effectively turn LTE, GSM or LoRa, or even 5G, into just an app.” The LimeNET Mini is an app enabled, small cell base station that combines the LimeSDR technology with Intel’s powerful x86 motherboard. It is ideal for developing residential SDR applications – like IoT. The more-powerful LimeNET version is for carrier-class wide area network deployments. The company will announce pricing and early bird promotions in the run up to the campaign launch for both of these platforms. Supporters of the LimeSDR campaign included the UK’s biggest operator, EE, which is partnering with several universities to deliver innovative systems, such as low-cost 4G rollouts to the remote Highlands and Islands of Scotland. Other applications developed by the LimeSDR community have included IoT gateways, aviation transponders, utility meters, media streaming / broadcasting, radio astronomy, radar, drone command and control, and more. Lime and Ubuntu announced in February that over 3,600 developers are currently involved in efforts to create apps for the platform, with several free and paid-for apps having already appeared on the open community LimeSDR App Store, as well as Lime’s invite-only app store, LimeNET. Technical summary  The LimeNET platforms use Lime’s LMS7002M field programmable RF transceiver to provide continuous coverage between 100 kHz and 3.8 GHz, with a 120 MHz RF bandwidth. The transceiver contains two transmit and two receive chains to enable 2×2 MIMO. The platforms also run an Intel i7-7500U dual-core CPU running at 2.7/3.5 GHz. The LimeNET Mini small cell base station comes with 32 GB of DDR4 2133 MHz memory and 512 GB SSD storage. The LimeNET carrier-class base station comes with 64 GB of memory, with 1 TB of SSD storage. Its list of standards includes, but is not limited to cellular standards, including all regional variants of 2G, 3G and 4G – and those being planned for 5G; IoT protocols, including LoRa, Sigfox, NB-IoT, LTE-M, Weightless; general networking standards such as Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Zigbee, RFID and digital broadcasting. Lime’s app stores are already open to developers. For further information on the crowdfunding campaign visit the CrowdSupply page, shortlink: www.limenet.net. PR agency contact: Tel: +44-(0)1225-470-000 E-mail: rob.ashwell@publitek.com  SOURCE Lime Microsystems CategoriesUncategorized TagsFinancing Agreements, New Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Rye Development Receives FERC License for Allegheny Lock and Dam 2 Hydropower Project to be Located at Riverfront 47 as Part of Innovative Partnership Next PostNext Infrared Glass Optics to be Exhibited by FISBA at SPIE Defense & Commercial Sensing Search Recent Posts Alamos Gold Completes Retirement of US$315 Million Senior Secured Notes Serengeti Announces Positive PEA Results: 21% IRR Pre-tax for Kwanika Copper-Gold Project Serinus Energy Announces Executive Appointment InfraCap MLP ETF (NYSE: AMZA) Declares Quarterly Dividend Freddie Mac Obtains First ACIS Policies of 2017 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Reliance Jio Joins Open Network Automation Platform (ONAP) Project Largest 4G and mobile data service provider in India joins leading global carriers and vendors in ONAP to accelerate open source innovation and automation SANTA CLARA, Calif., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- OPEN NETWORKING SUMMIT 2017 -- The Open Network Automation Platform (ONAP) Project today announced that Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited (Jio) has joined as a Platinum member. The addition of Jio, a top telecommunications, digital platform and services provider in India, to a project that has brought together open source community members and industry leaders from Asia, Europe and North America serves to further differentiate ONAP as the fastest-growing open networking initiative. Jio's membership demonstrates the company's commitment to work with open source communities to help drive innovation across the telecommunication industry, including software-defined networks (SDN) and network functions virtualization (NFV). ONAP is a collaborative open source project hosted by The Linux Foundation and formed in February through the combination of AT&T's ECOMP and The Linux Foundation's Open Orchestrator Project (OPEN-O). The two projects joined under ONAP to develop an open software platform for real-time, policy-driven software automation of virtual network functions. ONAP enables software, network and cloud provider companies as well as open source community developers to collaborate in an open ecosystem, encouraging rapid creation of new services and innovation. ONAP is one of the largest open source networking initiatives, with members including Amdocs, AT&T, Bell Canada, China Mobile, China Telecom, Cisco, Ericsson, GigaSpaces, Huawei, IBM, Intel, Nokia, Orange, Tech Mahindra, VMware, ZTE and other leading network operators, OEMs and platform providers. Jio is the first India-based operator to join ONAP. ONAP Members Welcome World's Largest Data Carrier Reliance Jio, a subsidiary of Reliance Industries Limited, has built a world-class, all-IP network with 4G LTE technology. It is the only network created as a mobile video network from the ground up and supporting voice over LTE technology. Jio has become the largest operator globally in terms of data carried across its nationwide 4G network. "We are excited Reliance Jio is joining ONAP as a Platinum member," said Chris Rice, ONAP Chair and Senior Vice President of AT&T Labs. "The company's membership continues to expand ONAP's global reach as we push toward the acceptance of ONAP as the global, industry platform for SDN and NFV. ONAP aims to create and foster a dynamic community for networking automation and we look forward to Reliance Jio's support." "We are especially excited to collaborate with the ONAP community, using our respective assets and resources in the open source community," said Mathew Oommen, President of Reliance Jio. "By working with AT&T, The Linux Foundation and other ONAP members, we look forward to contributing towards a fundamental shift in the framework of telecommunications to a cloud-centric digital platform that developers, partners and customers alike can shape to deliver value." Jio's participation in ONAP reaffirms its dedication to aggressive network transformation utilizing open source platforms to evolve beyond its all-IP and rich media services 4G LTE network. By contributing to open source initiatives, Jio supports rapid delivery of innovative and affordable services across wireless, wireline, content and at-home services. "Jio is committed to being an active participant in driving the ONAP ecosystem by contributing to the project, driving efficiency and further enhancing its service creation, delivery and management capabilities," said Mr. Oommen. To further its work in open source to support The Linux Foundation and next-gen service innovation and development, Jio is creating global centers of excellence, providing resources for driving new programs and initiatives. Jio's Platinum membership in ONAP provides a platform for accelerating these efforts. About the Open Network Automation Platform The Open Network Automation Platform (ONAP) Project brings together top global carriers and vendors with the goal of allowing end users to automate, design, orchestrate and manage services and virtual functions. ONAP unites two major open networking and orchestration projects, open source ECOMP and the Open Orchestrator Project (OPEN-O), with the mission of creating a unified architecture and implementation and supporting collaboration across the open source community. The ONAP Project is a Linux Foundation project. For more information, visit https://www.onap.org. The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our trademark usage page: https://www.linuxfoundation.org/trademark-usage. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Media Contact: Dan Brown The Linux Foundation 415-420-7880  dbrown@linuxfoundation.org   SOURCE ONAP CategoriesUncategorized TagsComputer Software, Computer/ Electronics, Networks, Telecommunications Carriers and Services, Telecommunications Industry Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Industrial Dryers Market Will hit a CAGR of 3.5% During 2016 – 2024 Next PostNext 20170402 PR City Reminds Residents of Precautions During Severe Weather Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Reliance Jio Joins Open Network Automation Platform (ONAP) Project Largest 4G and mobile data service provider in India joins leading global carriers and vendors in ONAP to accelerate open source innovation and automation SANTA CLARA, Calif., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- OPEN NETWORKING SUMMIT 2017 -- The Open Network Automation Platform (ONAP) Project today announced that Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited (Jio) has joined as a Platinum member. The addition of Jio, a top telecommunications, digital platform and services provider in India, to a project that has brought together open source community members and industry leaders from Asia, Europe and North America serves to further differentiate ONAP as the fastest-growing open networking initiative. Jio's membership demonstrates the company's commitment to work with open source communities to help drive innovation across the telecommunication industry, including software-defined networks (SDN) and network functions virtualization (NFV). ONAP is a collaborative open source project hosted by The Linux Foundation and formed in February through the combination of AT&T's ECOMP and The Linux Foundation's Open Orchestrator Project (OPEN-O). The two projects joined under ONAP to develop an open software platform for real-time, policy-driven software automation of virtual network functions. ONAP enables software, network and cloud provider companies as well as open source community developers to collaborate in an open ecosystem, encouraging rapid creation of new services and innovation. ONAP is one of the largest open source networking initiatives, with members including Amdocs, AT&T, Bell Canada, China Mobile, China Telecom, Cisco, Ericsson, GigaSpaces, Huawei, IBM, Intel, Nokia, Orange, Tech Mahindra, VMware, ZTE and other leading network operators, OEMs and platform providers. Jio is the first India-based operator to join ONAP. ONAP Members Welcome World's Largest Data Carrier Reliance Jio, a subsidiary of Reliance Industries Limited, has built a world-class, all-IP network with 4G LTE technology. It is the only network created as a mobile video network from the ground up and supporting voice over LTE technology. Jio has become the largest operator globally in terms of data carried across its nationwide 4G network. "We are excited Reliance Jio is joining ONAP as a Platinum member," said Chris Rice, ONAP Chair and Senior Vice President of AT&T Labs. "The company's membership continues to expand ONAP's global reach as we push toward the acceptance of ONAP as the global, industry platform for SDN and NFV. ONAP aims to create and foster a dynamic community for networking automation and we look forward to Reliance Jio's support." "We are especially excited to collaborate with the ONAP community, using our respective assets and resources in the open source community," said Mathew Oommen, President of Reliance Jio. "By working with AT&T, The Linux Foundation and other ONAP members, we look forward to contributing towards a fundamental shift in the framework of telecommunications to a cloud-centric digital platform that developers, partners and customers alike can shape to deliver value." Jio's participation in ONAP reaffirms its dedication to aggressive network transformation utilizing open source platforms to evolve beyond its all-IP and rich media services 4G LTE network. By contributing to open source initiatives, Jio supports rapid delivery of innovative and affordable services across wireless, wireline, content and at-home services. "Jio is committed to being an active participant in driving the ONAP ecosystem by contributing to the project, driving efficiency and further enhancing its service creation, delivery and management capabilities," said Mr. Oommen. To further its work in open source to support The Linux Foundation and next-gen service innovation and development, Jio is creating global centers of excellence, providing resources for driving new programs and initiatives. Jio's Platinum membership in ONAP provides a platform for accelerating these efforts. About the Open Network Automation Platform The Open Network Automation Platform (ONAP) Project brings together top global carriers and vendors with the goal of allowing end users to automate, design, orchestrate and manage services and virtual functions. ONAP unites two major open networking and orchestration projects, open source ECOMP and the Open Orchestrator Project (OPEN-O), with the mission of creating a unified architecture and implementation and supporting collaboration across the open source community. The ONAP Project is a Linux Foundation project. For more information, visit https://www.onap.org. The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our trademark usage page: https://www.linuxfoundation.org/trademark-usage. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Media Contact: Dan Brown The Linux Foundation 415-420-7880  dbrown@linuxfoundation.org   SOURCE ONAP CategoriesUncategorized TagsComputer Software, Computer/ Electronics, Networks, Telecommunications Carriers and Services, Telecommunications Industry Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Industrial Dryers Market Will hit a CAGR of 3.5% During 2016 – 2024 Next PostNext 20170402 PR City Reminds Residents of Precautions During Severe Weather Search Recent Posts Enrolments Open at Eclipse Early Education Group’s New Centre at Cranbourne East International Tax Planning and Asset Protection for High Net Worth Investors Labor Market Institutions and the Cost of Recessions Allergen Alert: Wegmans Food Markets, Inc. Issues Allergen Alert on Undeclared Peanuts in Wegmans Original Killer Brownies with Pecans, Sold Individually or Pre-packaged by the pound in Bakery in New York State Stores Only IBS Investment Bank Acquires Interest in The Progressive Orthopaedic Company, LLC Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Lime Microsystems Announces LimeNET Campaign to Enable SDR-based Wireless Networks Crowdfund – Launching 27th April LONDON, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Lime Microsystems today announced its LimeNET crowd-funding campaign, to take its software defined radio small-cell and carrier-class base-stations to mass market, will launch on the 27th April. LimeNET is the follow-up to the LimeSDR crowd campaign, which is set to become CrowdSupply's first $1 million project later this month. This new campaign is intended for use primarily as a mobile and IoT base station. LimeNET base stations hold the potential to completely transform the way telco networks run, shifting the emphasis and value away from proprietary hardware to open hardware with app stores on top. The campaign is running in collaboration with Ubuntu with the two companies seeking to turn the mobile telephony business model on its head. Lime CEO, Ebrahim Bushehri said: "Radio access technology for wide area networks accounts for a significant portion of the overall deployment cost. We're seeking to make the hardware an open-source commodity sold for a fraction of current offerings, with the real value being in the software it runs. Doing it this way would effectively turn LTE, GSM or LoRa, or even 5G, into just an app." The LimeNET Mini is an app enabled, small cell base station that combines the LimeSDR technology with Intel's powerful x86 motherboard. It is ideal for developing residential SDR applications - like IoT. The more-powerful LimeNET version is for carrier-class wide area network deployments. The company will announce pricing and early bird promotions in the run up to the campaign launch for both of these platforms. Supporters of the LimeSDR campaign included the UK's biggest operator, EE, which is partnering with several universities to deliver innovative systems, such as low-cost 4G rollouts to the remote Highlands and Islands of Scotland. Other applications developed by the LimeSDR community have included IoT gateways, aviation transponders, utility meters, media streaming / broadcasting, radio astronomy, radar, drone command and control, and more. Lime and Ubuntu announced in February that over 3,600 developers are currently involved in efforts to create apps for the platform, with several free and paid-for apps having already appeared on the open community LimeSDR App Store, as well as Lime's invite-only app store, LimeNET. Technical summary  The LimeNET platforms use Lime's LMS7002M field programmable RF transceiver to provide continuous coverage between 100 kHz and 3.8 GHz, with a 120 MHz RF bandwidth. The transceiver contains two transmit and two receive chains to enable 2×2 MIMO. The platforms also run an Intel i7-7500U dual-core CPU running at 2.7/3.5 GHz. The LimeNET Mini small cell base station comes with 32 GB of DDR4 2133 MHz memory and 512 GB SSD storage. The LimeNET carrier-class base station comes with 64 GB of memory, with 1 TB of SSD storage. Its list of standards includes, but is not limited to cellular standards, including all regional variants of 2G, 3G and 4G - and those being planned for 5G; IoT protocols, including LoRa, Sigfox, NB-IoT, LTE-M, Weightless; general networking standards such as Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Zigbee, RFID and digital broadcasting. Lime's app stores are already open to developers. For further information on the crowdfunding campaign visit the CrowdSupply page, shortlink: www.limenet.net. PR agency contact: Tel: +44-(0)1225-470-000 E-mail: rob.ashwell@publitek.com  CategoriesUncategorized TagsAerospace/Defense, Computer Software, Computer/ Electronics, Financing Agreements, New Products/Services, Semiconductors, Telecommunications Industry, wireless communications Post navigation Previous PostPrevious MacB Awarded U.S. Army Cloud Computing BOA Next PostNext carafem Health Expands Southern Presence, Opening Doors in Augusta, Georgia Search Recent Posts Enrolments Open at Eclipse Early Education Group’s New Centre at Cranbourne East International Tax Planning and Asset Protection for High Net Worth Investors Labor Market Institutions and the Cost of Recessions Allergen Alert: Wegmans Food Markets, Inc. Issues Allergen Alert on Undeclared Peanuts in Wegmans Original Killer Brownies with Pecans, Sold Individually or Pre-packaged by the pound in Bakery in New York State Stores Only IBS Investment Bank Acquires Interest in The Progressive Orthopaedic Company, LLC Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Healthcare IOT Security Market: Technological Advancements, Evolving Industry Trends and Insights 2016 – 2027 Market Segmentation For the better understanding of the report, Global Healthcare IOT Security market has been segment • On the basis of Security Solutions: which includes Network Security, Endpoint Security, Application Security, Content Security, and Cloud Security. • On the basis of security services: market has been segmented as Risk Assessment Services, Consulting Services, Design and Integration Services, Managed Security Services, Others Market Highlight: IOT is quickly being adopted by significant healthcare organizations for the patient health management and to upgrade the operational proficiency of these associations. Cost efficiency, unwavering quality and better health management of the patients are a standout amongst the most essential objectives that can be accomplished with the assistance of IOT utilization in the healthcare sector. Key Findings • North America in the year 2015, Risk Assessment Services generated the largest revenue of million as to assess the security risks related big data generated from the IOT devices in the healthcare sector • In the Europe region IOT Services are expected to grow at a high CAGR during the forecast period to understand and mitigate risks related to healthcare compliance requirements • Asia-Pacific Network security induced maximum revenue of Millions in 2015 in this region to secure the healthcare data when passing through the networks Request a Sample Report @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/804 Key Players The prominent players in the Healthcare IOT Security Market are • Symantec Corporation • Trend Micro Inc • Checkpoint Software Technology • Inside Secure SA • Cisco Systems Inc • IBM Corporation • Intel Corporation, • Sophos Group plc • Oracle Corporation • Kaspersky Labs Browse Report Details @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/global-healthcare-io… Study Objective of Global Healthcare IOT Security Market • To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global Healthcare IOT Security Market • To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth • To Analyze the Global Healthcare IOT Security Market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porters five force analysis etc. • To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (RoW) • To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective • To provide country level analysis of the market for segments and sub-segments • To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market • To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the global Healthcare IOT Security l market Request Table of Contents for this Report @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/804 Scope of the Report The reports also covers brief analysis of Geographical Region includes: Americas • North America o US o Canada • Latin America Europe • Western Europe o Germany o France o Italy o Spain o U.K o Rest of Western Europe • Eastern Europe Asia– Pacific • Asia o China o India o Japan o South Korea o Rest of Asia Pacific The Middle East& Africa About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members. Contact: Akash Anand, Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Market for Juice Concentrate is expected to grow by 5.5% from 2016 to 2022 Next PostNext Industrial Batteries Market: Major Key Player & the Global and Regional Level Will Grow During 2017 – 2022 Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Latest News Latest IT News All IT Categories All IT Topics Videos Authors Featured IT Vendors All IT Community Professionals All IT Integrators All IT Vendors Latest News Latest IT News All IT Categories All IT Topics Videos Authors Featured IT Vendors All IT Community Professionals All IT Integrators All IT Vendors Cloud Cloud Home Private Cloud Public Cloud Public Cloud Home Amazon Web Services (AWS) Microsoft Azure Hybrid Cloud Cloud Management Citrix Workspace Cloud VMTurbo Operations Manager Cloud Security All Cloud Resources Datacenter Data Center Home Backup, Recovery & DR All Backup & Recovery Resources Veeam Availability Suite All Disaster Recovery Resources Containers All Containers Resources Docker Databases Hyper-Converged Infrastructure All Hyper-Converged Infrastructure Resources Atlantis HyperScale Nutanix VMware EVO:Rail Management Management Home VMTurbo Operations Manager All Management Resources Monitoring Monitoring Home Acceleratio SysKit ControlUp eG Innovations Enterprise Goliath Performance Monitor ManageEngine Xangati All Monitoring Resources Networking Networking Home Citrix NetScaler Goliath for NetScaler All Networking Resources Open Source Security Server Virtualization All Server Virtualization Resources Citrix XenServer Microsoft Hyper-V VMware vSphere Storage Storage Home DataCore SoftNAS All Storage All Data Center Resources Desktop Desktop Home Applications All Applications Resources Citrix XenApp Microsoft App-V Microsoft RemoteApp VMware App Volumes VMware ThinApp Collaboration Consumerization of IT Desktop Virtualization (VDI) All VDI Resources Citrix XenDesktop Dell Wyse vWorkspace Microsoft Remote Desktop Services VMware Workspace ONE VMware Horizon View Development News User Management User Management Home Liquidware Labs ProfileUnity AppSense DesktopNow All User Management Resources 3D Graphics Printing Citrix Related Virtual Desktops IGEL Technology VMware Virtual Desktops Microsoft Virtual Desktops All Desktop Resources IoT Mobility Mobile Home Enterprise Mobility Management All EMM Resources VMware AirWatch Citrix XenMobile Mobile Productivity Mobile Security Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets All Mobile Resources Resources DABCC Radio Podcasts DABCC TV Video Podcasts Citrix Ready Podcasts w/ Doug Inside IGEL Technology Podcasts w/ Doug VMware EUC On-Demand 2016 On-Demand Webinars Case Studies Infographics Solution Briefs IT White Papers, Solution Briefs & Case Studies Software Downloads Webinars Search DABCC Mobile Apps Books LittleMsMobile.com – Mobility News Top IT Videos Home Data Center HPE SimpliVity 380 with OmniStack delivers speed, security and simplicity HPE SimpliVity 380 with OmniStack delivers speed, security and simplicity April 3, 2017 HP Enterprise 0 0 Announced today at CeBIT 2017 in Germany, the HPE SimpliVity 380 with OmniStack is the first qualified server from Hewlett Packard Enterprise with SimpliVity OmniStack. On February 17th, HPE finalized the acquisition of SimpliVity and announced plans to deliver its first jointly developed hyperconverged offering. The new HPE SimpliVity 380 with OmniStack powered by Intel® delivers a powerhouse hyperconverged solution that dramatically simplifies IT by combining all infrastructure and advanced data services for virtualized workloads onto the bestselling server platform on the market, HPE ProLiant DL380. The HPE SimpliVity 380 with OmniStack is a compact, scalable 2U, rack-mounted building block that delivers server, storage and storage networking services. It also provides a complete set of advanced functionality that enables dramatic improvements to the efficiency, management, protection, and performance of virtualized workloads – all at a fraction of the cost and complexity of today’s traditional infrastructure stack. Read the entire article here, Just announced! HPE SimpliVity 380 with OmniStack delivers speed, security and simplicity via the fine folks at HP Enterprise. Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email Follow @DABCC Follow @douglasabrown Featured Resources: Related Articles: You May Also Like: tags: HP Proliant Hyper-Converged Infrastructure SimpliVity OMNISTACK Categories: Data Center Management Networking Security Storage previous Citrix Secure Mail for Android - Overview Video next Ensuring business continuity with high availability and disaster recovery from Citrix Cloud - Video HP Enterprise Hewlett Packard Enterprise is an industry leading technology company that enables customers to go further, faster. With the industry's most comprehensive portfolio, spanning the cloud to the data center to workplace applications, our technology and services help customers around the world make IT more efficient, more productive and more secure. | LATEST RESOURCES White Papers NEW VMware Whitepaper – Deliver Office 365 in VMware Horizon 7 with Published Applications By Frank Anderson, End-User-Computing Solutions Architect, Desktop Technical Marketing, VMware and Cindy Heyer Carroll, Technical Writer, End-User-Computing Technical Marketing, VMware We are excited to announce a new white paper, Best Practices for Delivering Microsoft Office 365 in VMware Horizon 7 with Published Applications, now available to help you avoid risks that can occur during setup […] Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more Cisco Flexible Radio Assignment Whitepaper! Secure Cloud Printing For Microsoft Office 365 And Azure – White Paper Managing and Securing Mobile Devices for Dummies E-Book Mobile Access Security and Management White Paper Downloads FREE Tool – Troubleshoot Remote Desktop Connections Everyone wants to do things in a simple and effortless way. From a child that plays with a remote controlled car to a photographer who uses a drone for landscape photography, nowadays nearly everything can be automated or operated remotely. And system administration is no exception. Troubleshooting remote desktops is now as easy as using […] Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more Download ControlUP – VDI Management with Realtime Monitoring and Collective Analytics Download FREE Access Policy Tool for Citrix XenApp and XenDesktop from Wedel IT Download AppVerify – Continuous Regression Testing Download FREE Service Account Usage Tool from Wedel IT On-Demand Webinars 6 Storage Workloads Ideal for Microsoft Azure – On-Demand Webinar Is your organization looking to move on-premises storage workloads to Microsoft Azure? We’ve helped hundreds of our customers move their storage workloads to Azure–without re-architecting their applications. We’ll review the 6 on-premises storage workloads ideal to move to Azure today. In this webinar, we covered: 6 Ideal Workloads to migrate including disaster recovery, cloud backup […] Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more How analyzing data patterns can improve IT service delivery – On-Demand Webinar How to reduce IT alert noise and ward off alert fatigue – AlarmsOne Webinar Atlantis TechJam – USX Health Check Tool How to Monitor Application Usage with SysKit – On-Demand Webinar View All White Papers >> View All Downloads >> View All On-Demand Webinars >> Latest Videos AMD Server Graphics Demo with Citrix XenDesktop 7.13 HDX 3D Pro Video Demo showing several graphics-rich applications delivered from a virtual desktop. This video is from the fine folks at Citrix Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more The Digital Workspace Is Not Your Father’s Business Mobility – VMware Video with Sumit Dhawan UniPrint Statistics Viewer – Creating Tracking Reports & Print Audits – Video Microsoft Video: The design and capabilities of the new Surface Dial Search IT Resources Search for: Upcoming CUGC Webinar IGEL Unified Endpoint Management in a Citrix Virtual World with Douglas Brown Upcoming Webinars 04 Apr steadyPRINT: The all-round carefree package for printer administrators 11:00am – 12:00pm steadyPRINT is a software-based solution for the complete administration of... View all Upcoming Events >> Troubleshooting Citrix Issues! Featured Resources UniPrint Statistics Viewer – Creating Tracking Reports & Print Audits – Video April 3, 2017 Layer Models are Alive and Well April 3, 2017 How do I add/remove capacity in Turbonomic? Cluster Capacity Dashboard Overview Video April 3, 2017 Don’t Migrate To Windows 10 Without Reading This First! April 3, 2017 eG Innovations Announces Expanded North American Partner Program to Accelerate Adoption of End-to-End Performance Monitoring in Enterprise IT April 3, 2017 NeuVector and Rancher Labs Partner to Deliver Container Management and Security April 3, 2017 How to Secure Files on your Servers April 3, 2017 Comparison between Password Vault Manager and Remote Desktop Manager April 3, 2017 Try Ericom AcccessNow HTML5 In Browser RDP Access - Easy to use and simple setup! IPM – IT Innovations Experts IT integration experts working with Citrix, Microsoft, VMware and EMC technologies. Visit our Sponsors! IT News on iPhone IT News on Android DABCC Radio on iTunes DABCC Radio on iPhone Copyright 1999-2017 DABCC, Inc. Mobile Apps About Contact Us Sitemap RSS Close Cloud Cloud Home Private Cloud Public Cloud Public Cloud Home Amazon Web Services (AWS) Microsoft Azure Hybrid Cloud Cloud Management Citrix Workspace Cloud VMTurbo Operations Manager Cloud Security All Cloud Resources Datacenter Data Center Home Backup, Recovery & DR All Backup & Recovery Resources Veeam Availability Suite All Disaster Recovery Resources Containers All Containers Resources Docker Databases Hyper-Converged Infrastructure All Hyper-Converged Infrastructure Resources Atlantis HyperScale Nutanix VMware EVO:Rail Management Management Home VMTurbo Operations Manager All Management Resources Monitoring Monitoring Home Acceleratio SysKit ControlUp eG Innovations Enterprise Goliath Performance Monitor ManageEngine Xangati All Monitoring Resources Networking Networking Home Citrix NetScaler Goliath for NetScaler All Networking Resources Open Source Security Server Virtualization All Server Virtualization Resources Citrix XenServer Microsoft Hyper-V VMware vSphere Storage Storage Home DataCore SoftNAS All Storage All Data Center Resources Desktop Desktop Home Applications All Applications Resources Citrix XenApp Microsoft App-V Microsoft RemoteApp VMware App Volumes VMware ThinApp Collaboration Consumerization of IT Desktop Virtualization (VDI) All VDI Resources Citrix XenDesktop Dell Wyse vWorkspace Microsoft Remote Desktop Services VMware Workspace ONE VMware Horizon View Development News User Management User Management Home Liquidware Labs ProfileUnity AppSense DesktopNow All User Management Resources 3D Graphics Printing Citrix Related Virtual Desktops IGEL Technology VMware Virtual Desktops Microsoft Virtual Desktops All Desktop Resources IoT Mobility Mobile Home Enterprise Mobility Management All EMM Resources VMware AirWatch Citrix XenMobile Mobile Productivity Mobile Security Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets All Mobile Resources Resources DABCC Radio Podcasts DABCC TV Video Podcasts Citrix Ready Podcasts w/ Doug Inside IGEL Technology Podcasts w/ Doug VMware EUC On-Demand 2016 On-Demand Webinars Case Studies Infographics Solution Briefs IT White Papers, Solution Briefs & Case Studies Software Downloads Webinars Search DABCC Mobile Apps Books LittleMsMobile.com – Mobility News Top IT Videos Share this video Never miss the news... Get IT Community Resources straight to your inbox! Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site! Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Tuesday 4 April 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Construction & Real Estate   » Story Smart home security in Dubai expo spotlight DUBAI, 18 hours, 27 minutes ago Smart home security hogged the limelight on the second day (April 3) of the debut ‘Future Cities Show’ in Dubai, UAE, with experts calling upon manufacturers and governments to set clear guidelines for developing secure smart home systems. The smart homes in future cities will have various systems like lighting, security, ventilation pre-programmed or altered from a remote location through connected devices. However, it is important that these smart systems are safe and offer the residents improved trust and security, said experts. As per estimates, the smart home industry will be likely worth $58 billion by 2020. However, a survey conducted by Intel revealed that over 92 per cent of potential consumers are worried that their personal data might be at risk, yet at the same time 89 per cent of respondents admitted that if they opted to live in smart house, they’d prefer to have all their smart devices being secured through a single integrated security package, they added. “Safety is a key concern for governments, corporations and residents. As such, Future Cities Show 207 has highlighted home security advancements for smart homes including accurate recognition, real-time notifications and provision of various auxiliary functions,” remarked Dawood Al Shezawi, the chairman of strategic and head of the organisation committee of the new show. Held under the patronage of the UAE Ministry of Infrastructure development, the show has many strategic partners including Dubai Land Department, Federal Transport Authority-Land and Maritime, Sheikh Zayed Housing Programme, and the Sustainable City.   "As we are still in the early days of smart home security technology, it is important that manufacturers, governments, law and policy makers set clear guidelines for developing secure smart home systems," noted Al Shezawi. It is important that experts and innovators use advanced technology to improve smart home security, without compromising privacy for the residents of future cities,” he added.   The Future Cities Show 2017 is a global platform for companies and organisations engaged in developing an advanced infrastructure all over the world. It has attracted big investors and those who have creative and innovative ideas to build future cities from economic, technological and environmental aspects. “The UAE is at the centre of a new era. While smart systems in future cities will offer residents an elevated living experience, it is important that advanced standards of safety and security are undertaken to help people feel as safe as possible when using technology to its fullest potential. As such, the Future Cities Show has highlighted and pressed the need for smart home security” added Al Shezawi. To be addressed by thought leaders and technical experts from different sectors of the society, Future Cities Show aims to provide a forum for discussion on technological breakthroughs that can put smart homes in the future cities at risk. In conjunction with the discussions about smart homes securities in the future cities, the second day of the show witnessed a series of workshops and seminars which discussed the effective factors in designing the future cities. The list of topics discussed on the second day of the show included sustainable housing solutions, smart transportations infrastructure and data and decision making processes in developing smarter cities and many more., stated Al Shezawi. According to him, the show has attracted experts, city developers, architects and investors in this field. It has provided them the opportunity to show their innovations as it highlighted dimensions of future cities. It also featured futuristic designs that can help generate energy, preserve electricity and water consumption up to the latest international sustainable standards, he added.-TradeArabia News Service Tags: Dubai | Future Cities | More Construction & Real Estate Stories Dubai real estate transactions hit $20.96bn in Q1 Qatar to develop new gas project in North Field Dubai forum discusses road, bridge challenges Dubai launches real estate investor guide Dubai real estate transactions hit $21bn in Q1 Dewa highlights major clean energy projects Daimler supplies 27 Merc-Benz Zetros trucks in UAE Heart of Sharjah project on track for 2025 launch Realty World displays US projects at Dubai property show Expo 2020 Dubai unveils inspirational Al Wasl Plaza Mapei to display latest systems at Saudi event Acwa Power donates solar plant to Jordan school Alpin named commissioning authority for Expo 2020 Dubai Grohe rolls out revolutionary water security system KOA launches UAE’s first large-scale upcycling project Acwa breaks ground on $220m Morocco PV plant International Property Show kicks off in Dubai Msheireb Properties awards Doha project contract Imdaad wins Dubai Maritime City FM contract iGuzzini to open first GCC lighting centre in Bahrain New solar expo co-located with Big 5 Fire in Dubai under-construction tower Dubai real estate market on course to stability: Cluttons Amouage to develop $1bn prime waterfront project in Oman Dubai’s RTA to showcase Route 2020 at expo Aldar awards main contract for UAE waterfront project Future Cities Show to open in Dubai Kuwait working on $234bn construction projects Ajman names lands and properties unit chief Bahrain to issue new ID cards to GCC investors Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Lecture Will Explore the Dangers of Hardware Hackers in a World of Interconnected Devices BROOKLYN, New York, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ —  The eighth event in a series of open lectures on cybersecurity and privacy at the New York University Tandon School of Engineering will convene in Downtown Brooklyn on Tuesday, April 25, 2017, with an exploration of the hardware security challenges posed by interconnected devices and cloud computing.  Convergence of IoT, Cloud, Security: A Perfect Storm will feature Walden (Wally) C. Rhines, president and chief executive officer of Mentor Graphics, who will discuss the growing threat posed by hardware hackers and malicious modifications to the integrated circuits that power today’s computers, smartphones, and other Internet-connected devices. Security risks tied to malware or viruses in applications or operating systems are well documented and familiar to many computer users. But those threats tend to be limited — an attack is typically tied to a specific piece of software and impacts users individually. By contrast, even small malicious modifications or compromised performance in the devices’ underlying silicon circuits can devastate system security for all users. The potential damage from hardware attacks grows exponentially as more devices are connected to the Internet and to each other, and experts believe that new strategies are needed to secure the production chain. „Providing a trusted product is central to the relationship between integrated circuit designers and their customers,” said Rhines. „Mitigating the risk of malicious hardware modifications means creating a new paradigm for silicon design creation and verification — one that doesn’t just verify that circuits are performing as expected, but also ensures that no unexpected actions are taking place.” Rhines’ lecture will be followed by a panel discussion featuring Brian Cohen,  Research Staff Member in the Information Technology and Systems Division of the Institute for Defense Analyses, Michael Fritze, Senior Fellow at the Potomac Institute for Policy Studies, and Mark M. Tehranipoor, the Intel Charles E. Young Preeminence Endowed Chair Professor of Cybersecurity at the University of Florida. Ramesh Karri, Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at NYU Tandon and a leading academic researcher on hardware trustworthiness, will moderate a discussion of the implications of Rhines’ recommendations. NYU Tandon Professor of Computer Science and Associate Dean for Online Learning Nasir Memon will deliver opening and closing remarks. This lecture is the latest in a series sponsored by NYU Tandon in partnership with the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation. Since the series’ inception in 2012, NYU/Sloan Lectures have become an established forum for representatives from the business community, government agencies, nonprofits, academia, and the media to convene around critical issues of security and privacy. Admission to the NYU/Sloan Lecture is free, but space is limited, and registrationis required to attend in person or to watch the lecture streamed live in high definition. Viewers may submit questions for the panelists during the lecture at cyberlectureseries@nyu.edu or on Twitter @cyberlecture. Follow discussions at #NYUCyberLecture.   Convergence of IoT, Cloud, Security: A Perfect Storm is made possible in part through the support of the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation, the principal sponsor of this lecture and the NYU/Sloan Lecture series. Co-sponsors include the NYU Center for Cyber Securityand NYU Tandon Online. NYU Tandon is an internationally recognized center for cyber security research, education, and policy. It has received all three Center of Excellence designations from the National Security Agency and the United States Cyber Command.  NYU Tandon has joined with other NYU schools to form the NYU Center for Cyber Security to research new approaches to security and privacy by combining security technology, psychology, law, public policy, and business. U.S. News & World Report scored NYU Tandon number 3 in the nation in its 2017 rankings of the „Best Online Graduate Programs in Computer Information Technology” and gave it the top spot in the Northeast region. U.S. News & World Report also ranked NYU Tandon number 11 among the „Best Online Graduate Engineering Programs,” the fifth consecutive year that the overall online engineering program was named to the top tier. Its virtual cyber security program was previously named the nation’s best online program by the Sloan Consortium (now the Online Learning Consortium). NYU Tandon Online received the Consortium’s 2015 Ralph E. Gomory Award for Quality Online Education.   About the New York University Tandon School of Engineering The NYU Tandon School of Engineering dates to 1854, the founding date for both the New York University School of Civil Engineering and Architecture and the Brooklyn Collegiate and Polytechnic Institute (widely known as Brooklyn Poly). A January 2014 merger created a comprehensive school of education and research in engineering and applied sciences, rooted in a tradition of invention and entrepreneurship and dedicated to furthering technology in service to society. In addition to its main location in Brooklyn, NYU Tandon collaborates with other schools within NYU, the country’s largest private research university, and is closely connected to engineering programs at NYU Abu Dhabi and NYU Shanghai. It operates Future Labs focused on start-up businesses in downtown Manhattan and Brooklyn and an award-winning online graduate program. For more information, visit http://engineering.nyu.edu. About the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation The Alfred P. Sloan Foundation is a philanthropic not-for-profit grantmaking institution based in New York City. Founded in 1934 by Alfred Pritchard Sloan Jr., then President and CEO of General Motors, the Foundation makes grants primarily to support original research and education related to science, technology, engineering, mathematics, and economics. The Foundation believes that these fields — and the scholars and practitioners who work in them — are chief drivers of the nation’s health and prosperity. The Foundation also believes that a reasoned, systematic understanding of the forces of nature and society, when applied inventively and wisely, can lead to a better world for all. The NYU Tandon School of Engineering Cyber Security Lecture Series is funded through the Sloan Foundation’s New York City Initiatives program, which supports New York City–based projects that advance the Foundation’s mission. For more information, visit sloan.org. www.facebook.com/nyutandon  @nyutandontweets To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lecture-will-explore-the-dangers-of-hardware-hackers-in-a-world-of-interconnected-devices-300433384.html SOURCE NYU Tandon School of Engineering Related Links http://www.poly.edu CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Vernier Partners with NSELA to Award Six Science Educators with ‘Emerging Science Education Leader Scholarships’ Next PostNext Blue Cross Blue Shield Of Massachusetts Offers New Program To Care For Chronically Ill Seniors At Home Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Lecture Will Explore the Dangers of Hardware Hackers in a World of Interconnected Devices BROOKLYN, New York, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ —  The eighth event in a series of open lectures on cybersecurity and privacy at the New York University Tandon School of Engineering will convene in Downtown Brooklyn on Tuesday, April 25, 2017, with an exploration of the hardware security challenges posed by interconnected devices and cloud computing.  Convergence of IoT, Cloud, Security: A Perfect Storm will feature Walden (Wally) C. Rhines, president and chief executive officer of Mentor Graphics, who will discuss the growing threat posed by hardware hackers and malicious modifications to the integrated circuits that power today’s computers, smartphones, and other Internet-connected devices. Security risks tied to malware or viruses in applications or operating systems are well documented and familiar to many computer users. But those threats tend to be limited — an attack is typically tied to a specific piece of software and impacts users individually. By contrast, even small malicious modifications or compromised performance in the devices’ underlying silicon circuits can devastate system security for all users. The potential damage from hardware attacks grows exponentially as more devices are connected to the Internet and to each other, and experts believe that new strategies are needed to secure the production chain. „Providing a trusted product is central to the relationship between integrated circuit designers and their customers,” said Rhines. „Mitigating the risk of malicious hardware modifications means creating a new paradigm for silicon design creation and verification — one that doesn’t just verify that circuits are performing as expected, but also ensures that no unexpected actions are taking place.” Rhines’ lecture will be followed by a panel discussion featuring Brian Cohen,  Research Staff Member in the Information Technology and Systems Division of the Institute for Defense Analyses, Michael Fritze, Senior Fellow at the Potomac Institute for Policy Studies, and Mark M. Tehranipoor, the Intel Charles E. Young Preeminence Endowed Chair Professor of Cybersecurity at the University of Florida. Ramesh Karri, Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at NYU Tandon and a leading academic researcher on hardware trustworthiness, will moderate a discussion of the implications of Rhines’ recommendations. NYU Tandon Professor of Computer Science and Associate Dean for Online Learning Nasir Memon will deliver opening and closing remarks. This lecture is the latest in a series sponsored by NYU Tandon in partnership with the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation. Since the series’ inception in 2012, NYU/Sloan Lectures have become an established forum for representatives from the business community, government agencies, nonprofits, academia, and the media to convene around critical issues of security and privacy. Admission to the NYU/Sloan Lecture is free, but space is limited, and registrationis required to attend in person or to watch the lecture streamed live in high definition. Viewers may submit questions for the panelists during the lecture at cyberlectureseries@nyu.edu or on Twitter @cyberlecture. Follow discussions at #NYUCyberLecture.   Convergence of IoT, Cloud, Security: A Perfect Storm is made possible in part through the support of the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation, the principal sponsor of this lecture and the NYU/Sloan Lecture series. Co-sponsors include the NYU Center for Cyber Securityand NYU Tandon Online. NYU Tandon is an internationally recognized center for cyber security research, education, and policy. It has received all three Center of Excellence designations from the National Security Agency and the United States Cyber Command.  NYU Tandon has joined with other NYU schools to form the NYU Center for Cyber Security to research new approaches to security and privacy by combining security technology, psychology, law, public policy, and business. U.S. News & World Report scored NYU Tandon number 3 in the nation in its 2017 rankings of the „Best Online Graduate Programs in Computer Information Technology” and gave it the top spot in the Northeast region. U.S. News & World Report also ranked NYU Tandon number 11 among the „Best Online Graduate Engineering Programs,” the fifth consecutive year that the overall online engineering program was named to the top tier. Its virtual cyber security program was previously named the nation’s best online program by the Sloan Consortium (now the Online Learning Consortium). NYU Tandon Online received the Consortium’s 2015 Ralph E. Gomory Award for Quality Online Education.   About the New York University Tandon School of Engineering The NYU Tandon School of Engineering dates to 1854, the founding date for both the New York University School of Civil Engineering and Architecture and the Brooklyn Collegiate and Polytechnic Institute (widely known as Brooklyn Poly). A January 2014 merger created a comprehensive school of education and research in engineering and applied sciences, rooted in a tradition of invention and entrepreneurship and dedicated to furthering technology in service to society. In addition to its main location in Brooklyn, NYU Tandon collaborates with other schools within NYU, the country’s largest private research university, and is closely connected to engineering programs at NYU Abu Dhabi and NYU Shanghai. It operates Future Labs focused on start-up businesses in downtown Manhattan and Brooklyn and an award-winning online graduate program. For more information, visit http://engineering.nyu.edu. About the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation The Alfred P. Sloan Foundation is a philanthropic not-for-profit grantmaking institution based in New York City. Founded in 1934 by Alfred Pritchard Sloan Jr., then President and CEO of General Motors, the Foundation makes grants primarily to support original research and education related to science, technology, engineering, mathematics, and economics. The Foundation believes that these fields — and the scholars and practitioners who work in them — are chief drivers of the nation’s health and prosperity. The Foundation also believes that a reasoned, systematic understanding of the forces of nature and society, when applied inventively and wisely, can lead to a better world for all. The NYU Tandon School of Engineering Cyber Security Lecture Series is funded through the Sloan Foundation’s New York City Initiatives program, which supports New York City–based projects that advance the Foundation’s mission. For more information, visit sloan.org. www.facebook.com/nyutandon  @nyutandontweets To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lecture-will-explore-the-dangers-of-hardware-hackers-in-a-world-of-interconnected-devices-300433384.html SOURCE NYU Tandon School of Engineering Related Links http://www.poly.edu CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Vernier Partners with NSELA to Award Six Science Educators with ‘Emerging Science Education Leader Scholarships’ Next PostNext Blue Cross Blue Shield Of Massachusetts Offers New Program To Care For Chronically Ill Seniors At Home Search Recent Posts Taxi Driver Taken into Custody After Reports of Erratic Driving Taxi Driver Taken into Custody After Reports of Erratic Driving Eileen, the Irish-American Composer Victor Herbert’s Finest Work is Celebrated in NYC Econice Bamboo Veneer Emerges as a Green Alternative to Wood Veneer Two launches of ULA rockets with NRO payload in 2020 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Reliance Jio Joins Open Network Automation Platform (ONAP) Project SANTA CLARA, Calif., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — OPEN NETWORKING SUMMIT 2017 — The Open Network Automation Platform (ONAP) Project today announced that Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited (Jio) has joined as a Platinum member. The addition of Jio, a top telecommunications, digital platform and services provider in India, to a project that has brought together open source community members and industry leaders from Asia, Europe and North America serves to further differentiate ONAP as the fastest-growing open networking initiative. Jio’s membership demonstrates the company’s commitment to work with open source communities to help drive innovation across the telecommunication industry, including software-defined networks (SDN) and network functions virtualization (NFV). ONAP is a collaborative open source project hosted by The Linux Foundation and formed in February through the combination of AT&T’s ECOMP and The Linux Foundation’s Open Orchestrator Project (OPEN-O). The two projects joined under ONAP to develop an open software platform for real-time, policy-driven software automation of virtual network functions. ONAP enables software, network and cloud provider companies as well as open source community developers to collaborate in an open ecosystem, encouraging rapid creation of new services and innovation. ONAP is one of the largest open source networking initiatives, with members including Amdocs, AT&T, Bell Canada, China Mobile, China Telecom, Cisco, Ericsson, GigaSpaces, Huawei, IBM, Intel, Nokia, Orange, Tech Mahindra, VMware, ZTE and other leading network operators, OEMs and platform providers. Jio is the first India-based operator to join ONAP. ONAP Members Welcome World’s Largest Data Carrier Reliance Jio, a subsidiary of Reliance Industries Limited, has built a world-class, all-IP network with 4G LTE technology. It is the only network created as a mobile video network from the ground up and supporting voice over LTE technology. Jio has become the largest operator globally in terms of data carried across its nationwide 4G network. „We are excited Reliance Jio is joining ONAP as a Platinum member,” said Chris Rice, ONAP Chair and Senior Vice President of AT&T Labs. „The company’s membership continues to expand ONAP’s global reach as we push toward the acceptance of ONAP as the global, industry platform for SDN and NFV. ONAP aims to create and foster a dynamic community for networking automation and we look forward to Reliance Jio’s support.” „We are especially excited to collaborate with the ONAP community, using our respective assets and resources in the open source community,” said Mathew Oommen, President of Reliance Jio. „By working with AT&T, The Linux Foundation and other ONAP members, we look forward to contributing towards a fundamental shift in the framework of telecommunications to a cloud-centric digital platform that developers, partners and customers alike can shape to deliver value.” Jio’s participation in ONAP reaffirms its dedication to aggressive network transformation utilizing open source platforms to evolve beyond its all-IP and rich media services 4G LTE network. By contributing to open source initiatives, Jio supports rapid delivery of innovative and affordable services across wireless, wireline, content and at-home services. „Jio is committed to being an active participant in driving the ONAP ecosystem by contributing to the project, driving efficiency and further enhancing its service creation, delivery and management capabilities,” said Mr. Oommen. To further its work in open source to support The Linux Foundation and next-gen service innovation and development, Jio is creating global centers of excellence, providing resources for driving new programs and initiatives. Jio’s Platinum membership in ONAP provides a platform for accelerating these efforts. About the Open Network Automation Platform The Open Network Automation Platform (ONAP) Project brings together top global carriers and vendors with the goal of allowing end users to automate, design, orchestrate and manage services and virtual functions. ONAP unites two major open networking and orchestration projects, open source ECOMP and the Open Orchestrator Project (OPEN-O), with the mission of creating a unified architecture and implementation and supporting collaboration across the open source community. The ONAP Project is a Linux Foundation project. For more information, visit https://www.onap.org. The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our trademark usage page: https://www.linuxfoundation.org/trademark-usage. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Media Contact: Dan Brown The Linux Foundation 415-420-7880  dbrown@linuxfoundation.org   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/reliance-jio-joins-open-network-automation-platform-onap-project-300432980.html SOURCE ONAP Related Links https://www.onap.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Washington Technology Industry Adds More Than 10,600 Jobs in 2016 Next PostNext Exide Technologies Launches New GNB® Marathon FPX™ Premium Flat Plate Battery for Motive Power Applications Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Reliance Jio Joins Open Network Automation Platform (ONAP) Project SANTA CLARA, Calif., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — OPEN NETWORKING SUMMIT 2017 — The Open Network Automation Platform (ONAP) Project today announced that Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited (Jio) has joined as a Platinum member. The addition of Jio, a top telecommunications, digital platform and services provider in India, to a project that has brought together open source community members and industry leaders from Asia, Europe and North America serves to further differentiate ONAP as the fastest-growing open networking initiative. Jio’s membership demonstrates the company’s commitment to work with open source communities to help drive innovation across the telecommunication industry, including software-defined networks (SDN) and network functions virtualization (NFV). ONAP is a collaborative open source project hosted by The Linux Foundation and formed in February through the combination of AT&T’s ECOMP and The Linux Foundation’s Open Orchestrator Project (OPEN-O). The two projects joined under ONAP to develop an open software platform for real-time, policy-driven software automation of virtual network functions. ONAP enables software, network and cloud provider companies as well as open source community developers to collaborate in an open ecosystem, encouraging rapid creation of new services and innovation. ONAP is one of the largest open source networking initiatives, with members including Amdocs, AT&T, Bell Canada, China Mobile, China Telecom, Cisco, Ericsson, GigaSpaces, Huawei, IBM, Intel, Nokia, Orange, Tech Mahindra, VMware, ZTE and other leading network operators, OEMs and platform providers. Jio is the first India-based operator to join ONAP. ONAP Members Welcome World’s Largest Data Carrier Reliance Jio, a subsidiary of Reliance Industries Limited, has built a world-class, all-IP network with 4G LTE technology. It is the only network created as a mobile video network from the ground up and supporting voice over LTE technology. Jio has become the largest operator globally in terms of data carried across its nationwide 4G network. „We are excited Reliance Jio is joining ONAP as a Platinum member,” said Chris Rice, ONAP Chair and Senior Vice President of AT&T Labs. „The company’s membership continues to expand ONAP’s global reach as we push toward the acceptance of ONAP as the global, industry platform for SDN and NFV. ONAP aims to create and foster a dynamic community for networking automation and we look forward to Reliance Jio’s support.” „We are especially excited to collaborate with the ONAP community, using our respective assets and resources in the open source community,” said Mathew Oommen, President of Reliance Jio. „By working with AT&T, The Linux Foundation and other ONAP members, we look forward to contributing towards a fundamental shift in the framework of telecommunications to a cloud-centric digital platform that developers, partners and customers alike can shape to deliver value.” Jio’s participation in ONAP reaffirms its dedication to aggressive network transformation utilizing open source platforms to evolve beyond its all-IP and rich media services 4G LTE network. By contributing to open source initiatives, Jio supports rapid delivery of innovative and affordable services across wireless, wireline, content and at-home services. „Jio is committed to being an active participant in driving the ONAP ecosystem by contributing to the project, driving efficiency and further enhancing its service creation, delivery and management capabilities,” said Mr. Oommen. To further its work in open source to support The Linux Foundation and next-gen service innovation and development, Jio is creating global centers of excellence, providing resources for driving new programs and initiatives. Jio’s Platinum membership in ONAP provides a platform for accelerating these efforts. About the Open Network Automation Platform The Open Network Automation Platform (ONAP) Project brings together top global carriers and vendors with the goal of allowing end users to automate, design, orchestrate and manage services and virtual functions. ONAP unites two major open networking and orchestration projects, open source ECOMP and the Open Orchestrator Project (OPEN-O), with the mission of creating a unified architecture and implementation and supporting collaboration across the open source community. The ONAP Project is a Linux Foundation project. For more information, visit https://www.onap.org. The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our trademark usage page: https://www.linuxfoundation.org/trademark-usage. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Media Contact: Dan Brown The Linux Foundation 415-420-7880  dbrown@linuxfoundation.org   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/reliance-jio-joins-open-network-automation-platform-onap-project-300432980.html SOURCE ONAP Related Links https://www.onap.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Washington Technology Industry Adds More Than 10,600 Jobs in 2016 Next PostNext Exide Technologies Launches New GNB® Marathon FPX™ Premium Flat Plate Battery for Motive Power Applications Search Recent Posts Laura Dorman Spotlighted for Leadership Contributions in Advocacy at ACC Mid-Year Meeting Educational Development Corporation Announces Record March 2017 Revenues REVA Receives CE Mark for Fantom X-Ray Crystallography Market to Rear Excessive Growth During 2016 to 2022 Global Metallographic Cutting Machine Market- Struers, LECO, Buehler, ATM, Allied, METKON Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,650 -13.01 -0.06% Nasdaq 5,895 -17.06 -0.29% S&P 500 2,359 -3.88 -0.16% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% lower at 12,248.53 3:02 A.M. ET Updated How the ‘3M’ option — Merkel, Macron and May— would mean stability for Europe 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.1% higher at 5,089.30 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,299.54 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 379.01 2:54 A.M. ET Updated Even after Brexit, central banks prefer pounds over euros: survey 2:54 A.M. ET Updated How the pending Aramco IPO could cause a surge in oil prices 2:53 A.M. ET Updated The Dow rally’s ‘in trouble’ if this warning flag holds true 2:50 A.M. ET Updated Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy 2:30 A.M. ET Apple price target lifted to $150 from $140 at Pacific Crest 2:29 A.M. ET Nvidia downgraded to underweight from sector weight at Pacific Crest 2:28 A.M. ET South African rand falls another 1.4% against dollar to $13.87 after S&P downgrade 1:52 A.M. ET ABB to buy Bernecker + Rainer 12:57 A.M. ET Euro, dollar weaker against yen as investors shy away from riskier assets 12:44 A.M. ET Oil prices hold after Monday's pullback 12:08 A.M. ET Updated North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship 4/03 Australian trade surplus higher than forecast 4/03 Asian markets pull back amid growing global uncertainty 4/03 India stocks close at 2-year high as investors bullish on Modi 4/03 Updated As weddings become more elaborate and expensive, guests send more regrets Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Reliance Jio Joins Open Network Automation Platform (ONAP) Project By Published: Apr 3, 2017 10:30 a.m. ET Share Largest 4G and mobile data service provider in India joins leading global carriers and vendors in ONAP to accelerate open source innovation and automation SANTA CLARA, Calif., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- OPEN NETWORKING SUMMIT 2017 -- The Open Network Automation Platform (ONAP) Project today announced that Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited (Jio) has joined as a Platinum member. The addition of Jio, a top telecommunications, digital platform and services provider in India, to a project that has brought together open source community members and industry leaders from Asia, Europe and North America serves to further differentiate ONAP as the fastest-growing open networking initiative. Jio's membership demonstrates the company's commitment to work with open source communities to help drive innovation across the telecommunication industry, including software-defined networks (SDN) and network functions virtualization (NFV). ONAP is a collaborative open source project hosted by The Linux Foundation and formed in February through the combination of AT&T's ECOMP and The Linux Foundation's Open Orchestrator Project (OPEN-O). The two projects joined under ONAP to develop an open software platform for real-time, policy-driven software automation of virtual network functions. ONAP enables software, network and cloud provider companies as well as open source community developers to collaborate in an open ecosystem, encouraging rapid creation of new services and innovation. ONAP is one of the largest open source networking initiatives, with members including Amdocs, AT&T, Bell Canada, China Mobile, China Telecom, Cisco, Ericsson, GigaSpaces, Huawei, IBM, Intel, Nokia, Orange, Tech Mahindra, VMware, ZTE and other leading network operators, OEMs and platform providers. Jio is the first India-based operator to join ONAP. ONAP Members Welcome World's Largest Data CarrierReliance Jio, a subsidiary of Reliance Industries Limited, has built a world-class, all-IP network with 4G LTE technology. It is the only network created as a mobile video network from the ground up and supporting voice over LTE technology. Jio has become the largest operator globally in terms of data carried across its nationwide 4G network. "We are excited Reliance Jio is joining ONAP as a Platinum member," said Chris Rice, ONAP Chair and Senior Vice President of AT&T Labs. "The company's membership continues to expand ONAP's global reach as we push toward the acceptance of ONAP as the global, industry platform for SDN and NFV. ONAP aims to create and foster a dynamic community for networking automation and we look forward to Reliance Jio's support." "We are especially excited to collaborate with the ONAP community, using our respective assets and resources in the open source community," said Mathew Oommen, President of Reliance Jio. "By working with AT&T, The Linux Foundation and other ONAP members, we look forward to contributing towards a fundamental shift in the framework of telecommunications to a cloud-centric digital platform that developers, partners and customers alike can shape to deliver value." Jio's participation in ONAP reaffirms its dedication to aggressive network transformation utilizing open source platforms to evolve beyond its all-IP and rich media services 4G LTE network. By contributing to open source initiatives, Jio supports rapid delivery of innovative and affordable services across wireless, wireline, content and at-home services. "Jio is committed to being an active participant in driving the ONAP ecosystem by contributing to the project, driving efficiency and further enhancing its service creation, delivery and management capabilities," said Mr. Oommen. To further its work in open source to support The Linux Foundation and next-gen service innovation and development, Jio is creating global centers of excellence, providing resources for driving new programs and initiatives. Jio's Platinum membership in ONAP provides a platform for accelerating these efforts. About the Open Network Automation PlatformThe Open Network Automation Platform (ONAP) Project brings together top global carriers and vendors with the goal of allowing end users to automate, design, orchestrate and manage services and virtual functions. ONAP unites two major open networking and orchestration projects, open source ECOMP and the Open Orchestrator Project (OPEN-O), with the mission of creating a unified architecture and implementation and supporting collaboration across the open source community. The ONAP Project is a Linux Foundation project. For more information, visit https://www.onap.org. The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our trademark usage page: https://www.linuxfoundation.org/trademark-usage . Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Media Contact:Dan Brown The Linux Foundation 415-420-7880  dbrown@linuxfoundation.org   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/reliance-jio-joins-open-network-automation-platform-onap-project-300432980.html SOURCE ONAP Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular What happens to your debt when you die? How upgrading humans will become the next billion-dollar industry North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy These dogs make up to $10K per social media post MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Mesa 17.0.3 Released Written by Michael Larabel in Mesa on 3 April 2017 at 10:13 AM EDT. 6 Comments Just as planned, Mesa 17.0.3 was released this weekend. Mesa 17.0.3 features fixes to the GLSL compiler, fixes to the Intel OpenGL and Vulkan drivers, Gallium3D driver fixes, RadeonSI now has the Polaris12 PCI IDs, Nouveau has some performance fixes, and there are various other changes. There are over 30 fixes in this release for stable Mesa users. More details via mesa-announce. 6 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Mesa News ARB_shader_ballot Posted For RadeonSI, Can Be Used For AZDO Techniques Mesa 17.0.3 Being Prepped With 30+ Fixes Radeon RX Vega Support Lands In Mesa 17.1 Git Libdrm 2.4.76 Released With Vega Support Mesa Has Seen Over 90k Commits, Nearly Two Million Lines Of Code sparseBinding Lands For Radeon RADV Vulkan Driver Popular News AMD Ryzen Has Captivated Linux Gamers & Enthusiasts 2017: Should Linux Benchmarking Still Be Mostly Done With Ubuntu? Getting Better Radeon Polaris Performance On Ubuntu 17.04 With Mesa 17.1, Linux 4.11 Ubuntu Hit By A Vulnerability In "Eject" Early Tests Of AMDGPU's DRM-Next Performance For Linux 4.12 AMD Ryzen 7 1700 + B350 DDR4 Memory Speed Tests Latest Linux News DRM Maintainers Are Running Out Of Time To Ship New Features For Linux 4.12 Haiku OS Picks Up AMD Ryzen Support, More Driver Improvements The Story of Ubuntu's Mir Abstraction Layer (MirAL) Radeon TONGA Sees Some Gains With AMDGPU DRM-Next 4.12 Mesa 17.0.3 Released Apple To Be Parting Ways With Imagination Graphics A Look At Some Of The Feature Plans For GNOME 3.26 Ioquake3 Needs Some Help ARM Opens Up Compute Library With OpenCL & NEON Acceleration Linux 4.11-rc5 Kernel Released Latest Featured Articles Kicking Off April With An Eight-Way BSD/Linux Comparison 14-Way NVIDIA Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal OpenGL vs. Vulkan With Mad Max On Linux Vulkan vs. OpenGL For Mad Max On AMD Ryzen NVIDIA Vulkan Driver Shows Impressive Mad Max Linux Performance RadeonSI OpenGL vs. RADV Vulkan Performance For Mad Max Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
My Account | Sign Out Amazon Shop Amazon photos Contact RSS PDA Other Writings Advertising PJ Media « THE E.U. CASTS STONES FROM ITS GLASS HOUSE: Well, this is rich. The European Union is chastising … ELI LAKE: Top Obama Adviser Sought Names of Trump Associates in Intel. The pattern of Rice’s requ… » April 3, 2017 NOW BLOOMBERG’S REPORTING IT: Top Obama Adviser Sought Names of Trump Associates in Intel. White House lawyers last month discovered that the former national security adviser Susan Rice requested the identities of U.S. persons in raw intelligence reports on dozens of occasions that connect to the Donald Trump transition and campaign, according to U.S. officials familiar with the matter. The pattern of Rice’s requests was discovered in a National Security Council review of the government’s policy on “unmasking” the identities of individuals in the U.S. who are not targets of electronic eavesdropping, but whose communications are collected incidentally. Normally those names are redacted from summaries of monitored conversations and appear in reports as something like “U.S. Person One.” . . . Indeed, much about this is highly unusual: if not how the surveillance was collected, then certainly how and why it was disseminated. Everyone involved should be investigated, and everyone who abused their power — which, I suspect, will be a lot of people — should be prosecuted. Tweet   Posted by Glenn Reynolds at 10:32 am Search Instapundit Link to Instapundit Archives Recommended Six: The Movie Becker-Posner Blog BlackProf Books for Kids Blog Cliopatria Deceiver.com Dr. Helen InstaPundit Store! My TCS Columns Of Arms & the Law PJ Media Strategy Page The Tatler WiFi Net News Big Journalism ALDaily Anchoress Andrew Malcolm Barone Blog Best of the Web Biased BBC BlogCritics Bluey Blog Brain Terminal Breitbart.com Chris Anderson Cox and Forkum Daily Howler Dan Gillmor Dave Barry David Corn David Frum Day By Day DefenseTech Don Surber Drudge Report Electrolite Ernie the Attorney Flit Fraters Libertas Gary Farber Gateway Pundit Gene Expression Hit and Run Howard Kurtz Hugh Hewitt Indian Country Inside Higher Ed. Jennifer Rubin Jim Geraghty Josh Marshall Jules Crittenden Jurist JWR Kausfiles Kevin Drum Larry Kudlow Mark Steyn Martin Peretz MediaBistro Michael Silence Michelle Malkin Neal Boortz PoliticalWire RealClearPolitics Red State Rich Galen SciTech Daily Scott Rosenberg SlashDot Slate.com Tapped TCS Daily That Liberal Media The Corner The Note TownHall.com Virginia Postrel Walter Shapiro Pure Bloggers Alphecca Andrea See Andrew Olmsted Ann Althouse Baldilocks Baseball Crank Bigwig Bill Peschel Bill Quick Bill Whittle BitchGirls Bjorn Staerk Blackfive Blogosferics Blogs of War Brad DeLong Brian Carnell Brian Linse Brothers Judd Burchismo Capt. Ed Charles Austin Charles Murtaugh ChicagoBoyz Clayton Cramer Colby Cosh Cold Fury Cori Dauber Correspondence Committee Cranky Professor Critical Mass Crooked Timber Damian Penny Daniel Drezner Dave Kopel Dave Winer David Pinto Dean Esmay Deinonychus Denise Howell Derek Lowe Diana Hsieh Discriminations Doc Searls Donald Luskin Donald Sensing DPM Dr. Frank Dr. Weevil Ed Cone Ed Driscoll Edward Boyd Eric Muller Eric S. Raymond Eve Tushnet Fight Aging! FuturePundit Geek Press Gut Rumbles HaightSpeech Heather Havrilesky Howard Bashman Howard Owens Howard Veit IMAO InkWell InstaLawyer Iraq the Model Jack Balkin James Lileks Jason Kottke Jay Manifold Jeff Goldstein Jeff Jarvis Jerry Pournelle Jessica’s Well Jim Henley Jim Miller Jim Treacher Joanne Jacobs John Cole John Ellis John Scalzi John Weidner Joshua Claybourn Kate Kathy Kinsley Katie Granju Kesher Talk Kevin Holtsberry Kitchen Cabinet La Shawn Barber Larry Lessig Laurence Simon Listen Missy Lynne Kiesling Mark Byron Martin Devon Master of None Matt Welch Matthew Hoy MCJ Megan McArdle Meryl Yourish Michael Totten Mike Silverman Milt Rosenberg MinuteMan (Maguire) Misha Mitch Berg Moira Breen Mudville Gazette N.Z. Bear NanoDot Natalie Solent Nick Denton No Watermelons Obscure Store Photon Courier Power Line Professor Bainbridge Rabbit Blog Rand Simberg Rantburg RealClearPolitics Rebecca Blood RedState Reid Stott Rich Hailey Right Wing News Robert Musil Robin Roberts Roger L. Simon Samizdata SCSU Scholars Silent Running Sissy Willis Skippy Spoons Stefan Sharkansky Stephen Green Steven Den Beste Stuart Buck Suman Palit TalkLeft The Agitator The Fat Guy The Homeless Guy The Volokh Conspiracy Tim Blair Ublog Walter Olson Will Warren William Hobbs Winds of Change Yuppies of Zion Zeyad About FAQ Podcasts Terms of Use Powered by WordPress | Design by Sekimori | Instapundit & Instapundit.com Reg. U.S. Pat. & Tm. Off. | VIEW MOBILE SITE
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Lecture Will Explore the Dangers of Hardware Hackers in a World of Interconnected Devices Silicon Security Takes the Spotlight at NYU/Sloan Lecture on April 25 BROOKLYN, New York, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ --  The eighth event in a series of open lectures on cybersecurity and privacy at the New York University Tandon School of Engineering will convene in Downtown Brooklyn on Tuesday, April 25, 2017, with an exploration of the hardware security challenges posed by interconnected devices and cloud computing.  Convergence of IoT, Cloud, Security: A Perfect Storm will feature Walden (Wally) C. Rhines, president and chief executive officer of Mentor Graphics, who will discuss the growing threat posed by hardware hackers and malicious modifications to the integrated circuits that power today's computers, smartphones, and other Internet-connected devices. Security risks tied to malware or viruses in applications or operating systems are well documented and familiar to many computer users. But those threats tend to be limited — an attack is typically tied to a specific piece of software and impacts users individually. By contrast, even small malicious modifications or compromised performance in the devices' underlying silicon circuits can devastate system security for all users. The potential damage from hardware attacks grows exponentially as more devices are connected to the Internet and to each other, and experts believe that new strategies are needed to secure the production chain. "Providing a trusted product is central to the relationship between integrated circuit designers and their customers," said Rhines. "Mitigating the risk of malicious hardware modifications means creating a new paradigm for silicon design creation and verification — one that doesn't just verify that circuits are performing as expected, but also ensures that no unexpected actions are taking place." Rhines' lecture will be followed by a panel discussion featuring Brian Cohen,  Research Staff Member in the Information Technology and Systems Division of the Institute for Defense Analyses, Michael Fritze, Senior Fellow at the Potomac Institute for Policy Studies, and Mark M. Tehranipoor, the Intel Charles E. Young Preeminence Endowed Chair Professor of Cybersecurity at the University of Florida. Ramesh Karri, Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at NYU Tandon and a leading academic researcher on hardware trustworthiness, will moderate a discussion of the implications of Rhines' recommendations. NYU Tandon Professor of Computer Science and Associate Dean for Online Learning Nasir Memon will deliver opening and closing remarks. This lecture is the latest in a series sponsored by NYU Tandon in partnership with the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation. Since the series' inception in 2012, NYU/Sloan Lectures have become an established forum for representatives from the business community, government agencies, nonprofits, academia, and the media to convene around critical issues of security and privacy. Admission to the NYU/Sloan Lecture is free, but space is limited, and registrationis required to attend in person or to watch the lecture streamed live in high definition. Viewers may submit questions for the panelists during the lecture at cyberlectureseries@nyu.edu or on Twitter @cyberlecture. Follow discussions at #NYUCyberLecture.   Convergence of IoT, Cloud, Security: A Perfect Storm is made possible in part through the support of the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation, the principal sponsor of this lecture and the NYU/Sloan Lecture series. Co-sponsors include the NYU Center for Cyber Securityand NYU Tandon Online. NYU Tandon is an internationally recognized center for cyber security research, education, and policy. It has received all three Center of Excellence designations from the National Security Agency and the United States Cyber Command.  NYU Tandon has joined with other NYU schools to form the NYU Center for Cyber Security to research new approaches to security and privacy by combining security technology, psychology, law, public policy, and business. U.S. News & World Report scored NYU Tandon number 3 in the nation in its 2017 rankings of the "Best Online Graduate Programs in Computer Information Technology" and gave it the top spot in the Northeast region. U.S. News & World Report also ranked NYU Tandon number 11 among the "Best Online Graduate Engineering Programs," the fifth consecutive year that the overall online engineering program was named to the top tier. Its virtual cyber security program was previously named the nation's best online program by the Sloan Consortium (now the Online Learning Consortium). NYU Tandon Online received the Consortium's 2015 Ralph E. Gomory Award for Quality Online Education.   About the New York University Tandon School of Engineering The NYU Tandon School of Engineering dates to 1854, the founding date for both the New York University School of Civil Engineering and Architecture and the Brooklyn Collegiate and Polytechnic Institute (widely known as Brooklyn Poly). A January 2014 merger created a comprehensive school of education and research in engineering and applied sciences, rooted in a tradition of invention and entrepreneurship and dedicated to furthering technology in service to society. In addition to its main location in Brooklyn, NYU Tandon collaborates with other schools within NYU, the country's largest private research university, and is closely connected to engineering programs at NYU Abu Dhabi and NYU Shanghai. It operates Future Labs focused on start-up businesses in downtown Manhattan and Brooklyn and an award-winning online graduate program. For more information, visit http://engineering.nyu.edu. About the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation The Alfred P. Sloan Foundation is a philanthropic not-for-profit grantmaking institution based in New York City. Founded in 1934 by Alfred Pritchard Sloan Jr., then President and CEO of General Motors, the Foundation makes grants primarily to support original research and education related to science, technology, engineering, mathematics, and economics. The Foundation believes that these fields — and the scholars and practitioners who work in them — are chief drivers of the nation's health and prosperity. The Foundation also believes that a reasoned, systematic understanding of the forces of nature and society, when applied inventively and wisely, can lead to a better world for all. The NYU Tandon School of Engineering Cyber Security Lecture Series is funded through the Sloan Foundation's New York City Initiatives program, which supports New York City–based projects that advance the Foundation's mission. For more information, visit sloan.org. www.facebook.com/nyutandon  @nyutandontweets SOURCE NYU Tandon School of Engineering CategoriesUncategorized TagsComputer hardware, Computer/ Electronics, Higher Education, Internet Technology, Networks Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sisvel, le leader mondial de l’innovation, fête ses 35 ans Next PostNext Octapharma USA Grant Supports First National Conference for Type 3 von Willebrand Disease Patients Search Recent Posts Top Quality Ball Bearings and Roller Bearings Now Available at Competitive Prices Global Outbuilding Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 ライムライトの革新的技術「Intelligent Ingest」で デジタルコンテンツの配信を簡素化し高速化 Groundbreaking safety report urges industry and regulators to improve standards of aviation English New Products: 2017 Monster Energy/Pro Circuit/Kawasaki Team Graphic Kits Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Laptops Best Laptops Under $500 For Gaming For Business For College Chromebooks CPU Guide GPU Guide Tablets Best Overall Best 2-in-1s Kids' Tablets Under $200 Samsung Tablets Longest Battery Life Buying Guide Windows 10 Win 10 Review How to Upgrade Should You Wait? versus El Capitan Test Results Ultrabooks Best Ultrabooks Best Laptops Overall Best College Laptops Laptop-Tablet Hybrids Buying Guide Deals Deal-Buying Do's and Don'ts Gaming Best Gaming Laptops Sub-$1,000 Gaming Laptops VR-Ready Laptops Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptop Guide Reviews Popular Searches: Laptops Under $1,000 Tablets Under $300 News Tips Follow Us: SEARCH Laptops Tablets Windows 10 Ultrabooks Deals Gaming Reviews News Tips Deal-Buying Do's and Don'ts MSI GL62M Gaming Laptop with 1050Ti Graphics Hits All-Time Low of $799 By Louis Ramirez | March 31, 2017 04:41 pm MORE Nvidia's GTX 1050 and 1050Ti Pascal GPUs have led to some extraordinary gaming laptop deals. Machines that would normally cost upwards of $1,000 have dropped comfortably under the $1k mark. A case in point is MSI's GL62M Gaming Laptop. At the start of the year it was retailing for $1,000. Today, it's hit an all-time price low of $799.99 on Amazon, and this is a machine that makes no major compromises.   The 15.6-inch laptop features a 1080p display and is powered by Intel's Core i5-7300HQ quad-core CPU. MSI paired the Kaby Lake CPU with 8GB of RAM and a 256GB SSD. The icing on the cake is Nvidia's GTX 1050Ti 4GB graphics card. Although the GTX 1050 chips are considered budget, our GPU tests have shown that the GTX 1050Ti is no slouch and offers high frame rates and smooth performance on popular titles like Rise of the Tomb Raider and Hitman. To prevent the GL62M from having a meltdown, MSI has also included built-in thermal solutions for both the CPU and GPU including six heat pipes. There's also a customizable Steel keyboard and a 1080p IPS panel with a wide 178-degree viewing angle. The MSI GL62M packs all of those features into an affordable $799.99 package that should please the casual to mainstream gamer. Best Laptop Deals of Today Don't Buy a Gaming Laptop Without Pascal Dell 4K Gaming Laptop Now on Sale for $749 Add a comment Email Firstname Name Comment 1 comment Smart PC Gaming Says: April 1st, 2017 at 9:34 pm I am very fond of this gaming laptop and with the recent price drop on amazon it makes it that much better, I also posted my own review. https://smartpcgaming.com/msi-gl62m-7re-407/ Back to top Find a Review All Categories Laptops Tablets Accessories All Subcategories Business Desktop Replacement Gaming Multimedia Student Brand ASUS Acer Alienware Aorus Apple CTL Corp. Cybertron PC Dell Digital Storm Getac Gigabyte HP Huawei Intel Kangaroo Kurio LG Electronics Lenovo MSI Microsoft Nextbook Origin Razer Samsung Toshiba Vaio Xotic PC Minimum Rating 1.5 Stars 2.0 Stars 2.5 Stars 3.0 Stars 3.5 Stars 4.0 Stars 4.5 Stars 5.0 Stars Screen Size 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Resolution 1200X800 1280x800 1366x678 1366x768 1440x900 1600x900 1900x1080 1920x1080 1920x1200 2160 x 1440 2304 x 1440 2560 x 1440 2560 x 1600 2736 x 1824 2800x1800 2880 x 1620 3000 x 2000 3200 x 1800 3840 x 2160 Weight Range 2 pounds and under 2.1 - 4.0 pounds 4.1 - 6.0 pounds Include old or discontinued products. Ask a Question Publish Subscribe SUBMIT Follow Us MOST POPULAR 1 Best and Worst Laptop Brands - 2015 Ratings 2 How to Delete the Windows.old Folder in Windows 10 3 Edge vs. Chrome vs. Firefox: Battle of the Windows 10 Browsers 4 Dell XPS 13 (2015, Nontouch) - Full Review & Benchmarks 5 Windows 10 vs. OS X El Capitan: Why Microsoft Wins LATEST HEADLINES Take $20 Off Amazon's Indestructible Fire Kids Tablet The Best Laptop Deals of Today: 2-in-1s, Tablets, More Best Canadian Dell Coupon Codes and Deals How to Share Files Straight from Windows 10 File Explorer How to Use VLC to Put Your Computer on a Sleep Timer COMPANY Company Info About the Site Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Copyright Policy Terms of Use and Sale Privacy Policy NETWORK Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy Anand Tech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved. Home About us SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Search Brookings Search About Us Experts Events The Brookings Press Brookings Exec Ed Support Brookings Careers Cart ... Search   The Brookings Institution The Brookings Institution The SDGs need business, business needs the SDGs Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Print SMS More Reddit Google Stumbleupon Cities & Regions Global Development International Affairs U.S. Economy U.S. Politics & Government More Search Menu Trending U.S. Politics & Government Education U.S. Foreign Policy Future Development The SDGs need business, business needs the SDGs George Ingram Monday, April 3, 2017 Future Development Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Print SMS More Reddit Google Stumbleupon The 2015 International Conference on Financing for Development in Addis Ababa was noteworthy in its charge that the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) need the business community—the new set of global goals (SDGs) will be achieved by 2030 only with inordinate levels of private finance and the business and management skills of the private sector.  Author George Ingram Senior Fellow - Global Economy and Development Twitter @GMIngramIV Business Says It Needs the SDGs! Better Business, Better World is the report of the Business & Sustainability Development Commission, chaired by Mark Malloch-Brown and comprised of leaders of business and civil society. This concise, well-written report (which will be the topic of discussion at a Brookings public event on April 6) lays out the business case for the SDGs. It explains why corporations will benefit from factoring the global goals into their business strategies. In doing so, it also lays the foundation for donor agencies and civil society engaging the private sector. The report identifies a $12 trillion market for achieving just four of the 2030 goals—food and agriculture, cities (investments such as housing, transportation, and water), energy and materials, and health and well-being—that would produce 380 million jobs. Factoring the SDGs into business strategies will open new business opportunities, introduce efficiencies and innovation, and improve reputations. SDGs in Corporate Strategies The business community is not just talking about the SDGs. Some corporations integrated elements of the content of the SDGs before there was such a rubric. Following the issuance of Better Business, Better World, I made an inquiry of a handful of U.S. multinational corporations. What I found is that these corporations are integrating specific social and environmental impacts of their operations and products into their business strategies. Today the SDGs provide a frame of reference for these considerations. Some corporations are integrating specific SDGs into their business plans. Others are not using the SDG terminology but are embedding the content of specific SDGs into their business and corporate social responsibility strategies and publically reporting against them. Taking a step further, investors can now bet on the SDGs. The Solactive Sustainable Development Goals World Index tracks the market performance of 50 companies assessed to be operating in line with the SDGs. The World Bank has recently announced a bond issue linked to the Solactive Index. A report by The Washington Post dramatically highlights the extent to which the business community is inculcating social and environmental impact into strategies and business activities and is sometimes ahead of public policy. Apple, Intel, and other corporations are objecting to the administration and congressional effort to rollback section 1502 of Dodd-Frank that requires corporations to verify that their suppliers are not purchasing conflict minerals. They assert they will continue to verify their supplies even if the law is repealed. Beyond the Business Case The Oxfam Raising the Bar report argues that corporations have to go beyond the business case because, at times, the business interest and the sustainability interest will be in conflict. The report posits, “Companies should base their engagement (with the SDGs) on their own impacts (on the SDGs), align their core business strategies with the SDGs and work with others toward a system-level change…”  Related Future Development Three reasons for universal basic income Shanta Devarajan Wednesday, February 15, 2017 Future Development How successful were the Millennium Development Goals? John McArthur and Krista Rasmussen Wednesday, January 11, 2017 Future Development The inconvenient truth about public and private health care Shanta Devarajan Friday, July 24, 2015 Jane Nelson, director of the Corporate Responsibility Initiative at the Harvard Kennedy School, lays out a collective action approach to system-level change in her forthcoming paper Partnerships for Sustainable Development. The paper documents a host of business partnerships and alliances, some business-alone and some jointly with government and civil society, that function to improve the social and environmental impact of business operations. By operating together by a set of principles, and sometimes jointly investing in innovation, leading corporations in specific sectors can raise the bar for corporate behavior through industrywide alliances that provide the opportunity for companies to share best practices while avoiding putting any single company at a competitive disadvantage. Triangulating the SDGs, Business, and U.S. Assistance What is particularly striking about this business case for the SDGs, besides the size of the market potential, is the extent to which these activities correlate with current U.S. government development policies and programs—both in working with countries to create a business friendly policy environment and in engaging with the private sector in specific transactions and alliances. Take agriculture for example. The U.S. Agency for International Development supports advisory services to governments to improve policies and regulations; invests in research to improve seeds and other inputs and agricultural practices; helps small farmers and cooperatives to reduce waste and adapt new technology; and works with U.S. and local companies on specific investment projects.  Through Feed the Future and the New Alliance for Food Security and Nutrition, the USAID has engaged with over 200 global and domestic companies and secured more than $10 billion in investment commitments. Through the Coffee Farmer Resilience Initiative, the agency works with private companies to limit their risk in extending support to coffee farmers in Latin America. The agency has partnered with a local company and the Cold Chain Bangladesh Alliance to build a “cold chain” that makes it possible for small farmers to get their produce to market. As another example, public-private partnership in energy are substantial. In Power Africa 12 U.S. government agencies, led by USAID, has partnered with over 120 public and private entities to commit $12 billion of public funds and $40 billion of private investment to bring electricity to tens of millions of citizens in Africa. A key role for U.S. government agencies is providing technical assistance and advice to African governments on creating the policies and regulations that will facilitate private investment in the energy sector. With less than $8 million from USAID, PFAN-Asia has supported some $500 million in clean energy investment. USAID is also engaging with private companies in investing in solutions in health, education, tropical foreign preservation, water and sanitation, and financial inclusion. The development activities of USAID and other U.S. government agencies are a win-win for developing countries and U.S. companies. At the same time as improving economic and social policies and regulations in recipient countries, these collaborations help U.S. companies understand and navigate local environments and compete for opportunities, thereby contributing to their competitiveness. Simply put, business is paying attention to the SDGs. And U.S. assistance programs complete the triangle linking the business community with the SDGs to reduce poverty and promote inclusive economic growth. Get daily updates from Brookings Enter Email Future Development This blog was first launched in September 2013 by the World Bank in an effort to hold governments more accountable to poor people and offer solutions to the most prominent development challenges. Continuing this goal, Future Development was re-launched in January 2015 at brookings.edu. For archived content, visit worldbank.org » Related Topics Business & Industry Global Development Global Economy Sustainable Development Goals More on Global Development Education Plus Development Skills for a “gendered” world: Adding a gender perspective to the skills debate Christina Kwauk, Amanda Braga, and Helyn Kim Monday, April 3, 2017 Future Development Future Development Reads: Getting smart about trade and aid to Africa Indermit Gill Friday, March 31, 2017 Education Plus Development Colombia leads the developing world in signing the first social impact bond contracts Emily Gustafsson-Wright and Izzy Boggild-Jones Friday, March 31, 2017 The Brookings Institution Facebook Find us on Facebook Twitter Find us on Twitter YouTube Find us on YouTube Podcast Listen to our Podcast Browse Newsletters Browse Newsletters RSS Subscribe to our RSS Languages Español 中文 عربي About Us Research Programs Find an Expert For Media Careers Contact Terms and Conditions Brookings Privacy Policy Copyright 2017 The Brookings Institution The Brookings Institution Close Trending U.S. Politics & Government Education U.S. Foreign Policy Topics Cities & Regions Global Development International Affairs U.S. Economy U.S. Politics & Government More About Us Experts Events The Brookings Press Brookings Exec Ed Support Brookings Careers Cart ... Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News OCTANe’s Technology Innovation Forum Plans to Showcase Orange County as a Tech Revolution Powerhouse OCTANe’s Signature Event will feature industry leaders, investors, celebrities and innovative companies ALISO VIEJO, CA–(Marketwired – Apr 3, 2017) – OCTANe, Orange County’s technology and life sciences accelerator organization, today announced the agenda for its annual Technology Innovation Forum (TIF) on June 1-2, 2017 in Newport Beach, California. This conference will set the stage for technological advancement in Southern California and include executives and experts from among the leading technology companies in the area, including Cylance, Mavenlink, Microsemi, Experian and Stance, as well as global companies such as Intel, IBM Watson, Google, AT&T and SalesForce. „At TIF, we will showcase the tremendous amount of innovation occurring in Orange County and the Greater Southern California area,” said Bill Carpou, CEO of OCTANe, „There is clear momentum in the Southern California ecosystem which continues to gain recognition as a hub of modern technology. This year, we will feature the numerous technologies that are changing the landscape of our region.” TIF 2017 will deliver high quality content that will connect innovators, investors and OCTANe partners. Some key sections include: A keynote by David Meltzer, CEO, Sports 1 Marketing on a Million Great Ideas — Taking Yours to Market A panel on using AR/VR to Transform Business and Entertainment with Robert Brown, CEO, Meridian AR, along with an all-star lineup of industry experts A discussion on Getting Smarter About Cybersecurity & Data Privacy with Gary Sorrentino, CTO, JP Morgan, as well as companies like: RSM, Microsemi, SecureAuth, and Cylance A panel on Disruptive Transportation and Infrastructure with Kia Motors, Karma Automotive, Hyperloop and Driveway Learn about Investing Resources and Capital in Southern California with Mike Fassula, Arrow Finance Solutions; Steve Litchfield, EVP & Chief Strategy Officer, Microsemi; Murray Rudin, General Partner, Riordan, Lewis & Haden; John Ruffolo, CEO, OMERS Ventures; Tom Shaar, Director of Global Engineering, Indiegogo and Andy Wilson, Founder/Managing Director, Momentum Venture Management Eight presentations by LaunchPad companies showcasing new ideas Since 2010, OCTANe’s LaunchPad SBDC has worked with startup technology and life science companies in Orange County. By using a unique predictive analytics process to position the companies and their underlying business models, LaunchPad helps these companies make effective presentations to investors. Since inception, the LaunchPad SBDC panel process has evaluated over 300 companies, and of that number, 236 have successfully raised over $1.4 billion in investment capital. TIF 2017’s investors include Sequoia Ventures, OMERS Ventures, GE Ventures and JP Morgan.  To learn more about the event and register to attend, please visit the OCTANe event page. OCTANe’s next event is the Ophthalmology Technology Summit on June 23-24, 2017 held at the Island Hotel, Newport Beach.  About OCTANe: OCTANe drives technology innovation and growth by connecting ideas and people with resources and capital. Its members represent technology and medical technology executive leaders, entrepreneurs, investors, venture capitalists, academicians, and strategic advisors, all working together to fuel innovation in Southern California. The organization has helped more than 800 companies via the LaunchPad™ SBDC accelerator. LaunchPad™-certified companies have received more than $1.7 billion in investment and equity exits. OCTANe annually welcomes more than 7,000 people to its programs and events. More than 2,000 business leaders throughout the region are OCTANe members. For more information, visit www.octaneoc.org. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mercury Security Identifies Key Trends That Will Influence the Access Control Market Next PostNext Marina Biotech Signs Definitive Agreement with Windlas Healthcare to Manufacture IT-102 FDC Bi-Layer Tablet Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: OCTANe April 03, 2017 09:03 ET OCTANe's Technology Innovation Forum Plans to Showcase Orange County as a Tech Revolution Powerhouse OCTANe's Signature Event will feature industry leaders, investors, celebrities and innovative companies ALISO VIEJO, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 3, 2017) - OCTANe, Orange County's technology and life sciences accelerator organization, today announced the agenda for its annual Technology Innovation Forum (TIF) on June 1-2, 2017 in Newport Beach, California. This conference will set the stage for technological advancement in Southern California and include executives and experts from among the leading technology companies in the area, including Cylance, Mavenlink, Microsemi, Experian and Stance, as well as global companies such as Intel, IBM Watson, Google, AT&T and SalesForce. "At TIF, we will showcase the tremendous amount of innovation occurring in Orange County and the Greater Southern California area," said Bill Carpou, CEO of OCTANe, "There is clear momentum in the Southern California ecosystem which continues to gain recognition as a hub of modern technology. This year, we will feature the numerous technologies that are changing the landscape of our region." TIF 2017 will deliver high quality content that will connect innovators, investors and OCTANe partners. Some key sections include: A keynote by David Meltzer, CEO, Sports 1 Marketing on a Million Great Ideas -- Taking Yours to Market A panel on using AR/VR to Transform Business and Entertainment with Robert Brown, CEO, Meridian AR, along with an all-star lineup of industry experts A discussion on Getting Smarter About Cybersecurity & Data Privacy with Gary Sorrentino, CTO, JP Morgan, as well as companies like: RSM, Microsemi, SecureAuth, and Cylance A panel on Disruptive Transportation and Infrastructure with Kia Motors, Karma Automotive, Hyperloop and Driveway Learn about Investing Resources and Capital in Southern California with Mike Fassula, Arrow Finance Solutions; Steve Litchfield, EVP & Chief Strategy Officer, Microsemi; Murray Rudin, General Partner, Riordan, Lewis & Haden; John Ruffolo, CEO, OMERS Ventures; Tom Shaar, Director of Global Engineering, Indiegogo and Andy Wilson, Founder/Managing Director, Momentum Venture Management Eight presentations by LaunchPad companies showcasing new ideas Since 2010, OCTANe's LaunchPad SBDC has worked with startup technology and life science companies in Orange County. By using a unique predictive analytics process to position the companies and their underlying business models, LaunchPad helps these companies make effective presentations to investors. Since inception, the LaunchPad SBDC panel process has evaluated over 300 companies, and of that number, 236 have successfully raised over $1.4 billion in investment capital. TIF 2017's investors include Sequoia Ventures, OMERS Ventures, GE Ventures and JP Morgan.  To learn more about the event and register to attend, please visit the OCTANe event page. OCTANe's next event is the Ophthalmology Technology Summit on June 23-24, 2017 held at the Island Hotel, Newport Beach.  About OCTANe: OCTANe drives technology innovation and growth by connecting ideas and people with resources and capital. Its members represent technology and medical technology executive leaders, entrepreneurs, investors, venture capitalists, academicians, and strategic advisors, all working together to fuel innovation in Southern California. The organization has helped more than 800 companies via the LaunchPad™ SBDC accelerator. LaunchPad™-certified companies have received more than $1.7 billion in investment and equity exits. OCTANe annually welcomes more than 7,000 people to its programs and events. More than 2,000 business leaders throughout the region are OCTANe members. For more information, visit www.octaneoc.org. Contact Information Media Contact: Cara Parchment cara@octaneoc.org (949) 412-7671 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company OCTANe From this industry Financial Services From this sub-industry Venture Capital See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Liulishuo Ranks No.1 in AI Education Industry News provided by Liulishuo Apr 03, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article SHANGHAI, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Recently, the "2016 Top 100 China AI enterprises" rankings were officially announced and published by CIWEEK, the authoritative Media on the Internet and IT industries, and the eNet Institute. China's three barons, Baidu, Alibaba and Tencent (BAT) rank among the top three, large-scale AI hardware enterprises. Huawei and Intel are also among the top 10. Liulishuo, the world's leading AI education enterprise ranks 45th, being the only technological education enterprise in the Top 50 list. Liulishuo is a world leading AI-driven education technology company. It was jointly established in September 2012 by Yi Wang, an expert of the 1,000 Talents Program who received a PhD in IT from Princeton University and was a former Google product manager, with his two friends, Zheren Hu and Hui Lin. The Headquarters of Liulishuo is in Shanghai. With an industry-leading AI technology team, Liulishuo is making the study of English more efficient by using AI technology and big data to provide individualized education and equity. Liulishuo is the only technological education enterprise in the Top 50 list. Liulishuo's AI based core course "Dong Ni Ying Yu" Within four years, Liulishuo has gained more than 40 million users, having the highest number of users in the industry. It was awarded as one of Apple's annual "Selected Apps" and "Apps Essence". Liulishuo has the world's largest speech corpus for Chinese people learning English, the most advanced speech recognition technology in the world and the most active language learning community in China. In July 2016, after 2-years of research and large investment, Liulishuo introduced the leading AI tutor, called "Dong Ni Ying Yu" (tutor that understands you). It provides users with personalized learning content and a study plan. Seen as a revolution in language learning within the industry, it can triple users' learning efficiency. Liulishuo has completed the round B of funding. Investors include well-known international VCs like IDG, GGV and TBP. Within the industry, 2016 is known as the first year of the AI Era. AI technology has been applied to several aspects of daily life with rapid speed. As a result AI has become increasingly used as a tool for education. Although many companies claim to apply AI in their products, following the AI+Education model requires surpassing high technical barriers and R&D requirements. Only through acquiring a massive amount data, using an advanced calculation model and continuously evolving AI, is it possible to make full use of productive force and improve users' learning efficiency. Liulishuo is a pioneer in this field. With over 40 Million users, 419 million minutes of recorded data and 8 million dollars in investment, Liulishuo has created the first and only Deep Learning AI technology after two-years of development. This technology was first applied in Liulishuo's Placement Test and its first commercial product "Dong Ni Ying Yu". The Placement Test can adjust the test type and difficulty based on users' performance. It can define users' English level in 5 to 15 minutes with 100% accuracy according to CEFR (The Common European Framework of Reference for Languages). When discussing the "black technology" in the AI based core course "Dong Ni Ying Yu", Hui Lin, a former Google research scientist, an expert in Speech recognition and speech technical processing and co-founder of Liulishuo said "adaptive learning is the cutting edge of AI technology and "Dong Ni Ying Yu" has no pre-designed knowledge graph. The deep learning mode of RNN technology allows for 'self-learning', automatically connecting the user with the most suitable content". Liulishuo has revolutionized the field of AI with its Speech Recognition technology (a fundamental part of AI). A comparison of data from other prominent companies shows that Liulishuo has become the industry leader in speech scoring technology. This has been proven by its multi-dimensional and multi-granularly oral speech evaluation and feedback, not only on phonetics and semantics but also on logic and coherence. The "LingoIELTS" App, published in Nov 2016, further illustrates the effectiveness of this technology. It employs an emulation of IELTS oral testing through AI technology. Users can simulate the dialogue between the examiner and examinee and receive a score on vocabulary, pronunciation, grammar and fluency. The core technology behind the course is speech recognition, which can accurately understand English used by Chinese speakers. The Liulishuo AI Matrix has not only gotten positive reviews from users, but from the market. In the G20 Summit in Hangzhou on Sep 2016, over 4000 volunteers attended the AI Customized systematic training through the "Dong Ni Ying Yu" core course. In addition, it has spread throughout the international market through word of mouth. Liulishuo also provides English Training for many large-scale domestic clients like Capital Airline, Hainan Airline and Ctrip with comprehensive data tracking and prompt feedback. Liulishuo has accumulated its 40 million users from over 20 countries worldwide. It uses AI technology to personalize English learning for Chinese users, allowing them to improve their English more efficiently. It also provides non English-speaking people all over the world with a more intelligent and interesting way to learn English. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/liulishuo-ranks-no1-in-ai-education-industry-300433024.html SOURCE Liulishuo My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Liulishuo Ranks No.1 in AI Education Industry News provided by Liulishuo Apr 03, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: OCTANe April 03, 2017 09:03 ET OCTANe's Technology Innovation Forum Plans to Showcase Orange County as a Tech Revolution Powerhouse OCTANe's Signature Event will feature industry leaders, investors, celebrities and innovative companies ALISO VIEJO, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 3, 2017) - OCTANe, Orange County's technology and life sciences accelerator organization, today announced the agenda for its annual Technology Innovation Forum (TIF) on June 1-2, 2017 in Newport Beach, California. This conference will set the stage for technological advancement in Southern California and include executives and experts from among the leading technology companies in the area, including Cylance, Mavenlink, Microsemi, Experian and Stance, as well as global companies such as Intel, IBM Watson, Google, AT&T and SalesForce. "At TIF, we will showcase the tremendous amount of innovation occurring in Orange County and the Greater Southern California area," said Bill Carpou, CEO of OCTANe, "There is clear momentum in the Southern California ecosystem which continues to gain recognition as a hub of modern technology. This year, we will feature the numerous technologies that are changing the landscape of our region." TIF 2017 will deliver high quality content that will connect innovators, investors and OCTANe partners. Some key sections include: A keynote by David Meltzer, CEO, Sports 1 Marketing on a Million Great Ideas -- Taking Yours to Market A panel on using AR/VR to Transform Business and Entertainment with Robert Brown, CEO, Meridian AR, along with an all-star lineup of industry experts A discussion on Getting Smarter About Cybersecurity & Data Privacy with Gary Sorrentino, CTO, JP Morgan, as well as companies like: RSM, Microsemi, SecureAuth, and Cylance A panel on Disruptive Transportation and Infrastructure with Kia Motors, Karma Automotive, Hyperloop and Driveway Learn about Investing Resources and Capital in Southern California with Mike Fassula, Arrow Finance Solutions; Steve Litchfield, EVP & Chief Strategy Officer, Microsemi; Murray Rudin, General Partner, Riordan, Lewis & Haden; John Ruffolo, CEO, OMERS Ventures; Tom Shaar, Director of Global Engineering, Indiegogo and Andy Wilson, Founder/Managing Director, Momentum Venture Management Eight presentations by LaunchPad companies showcasing new ideas Since 2010, OCTANe's LaunchPad SBDC has worked with startup technology and life science companies in Orange County. By using a unique predictive analytics process to position the companies and their underlying business models, LaunchPad helps these companies make effective presentations to investors. Since inception, the LaunchPad SBDC panel process has evaluated over 300 companies, and of that number, 236 have successfully raised over $1.4 billion in investment capital. TIF 2017's investors include Sequoia Ventures, OMERS Ventures, GE Ventures and JP Morgan.  To learn more about the event and register to attend, please visit the OCTANe event page. OCTANe's next event is the Ophthalmology Technology Summit on June 23-24, 2017 held at the Island Hotel, Newport Beach.  About OCTANe: OCTANe drives technology innovation and growth by connecting ideas and people with resources and capital. Its members represent technology and medical technology executive leaders, entrepreneurs, investors, venture capitalists, academicians, and strategic advisors, all working together to fuel innovation in Southern California. The organization has helped more than 800 companies via the LaunchPad™ SBDC accelerator. LaunchPad™-certified companies have received more than $1.7 billion in investment and equity exits. OCTANe annually welcomes more than 7,000 people to its programs and events. More than 2,000 business leaders throughout the region are OCTANe members. For more information, visit www.octaneoc.org. Contact Information Media Contact: Cara Parchment cara@octaneoc.org (949) 412-7671 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company OCTANe From this industry Financial Services From this sub-industry Venture Capital See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Site Map PDF Subscription Register LogIn Site Map PDF Subscription Register LogIn Biz & Tech Automotive IT Heavy industries Light industries Science Game Photo News Tue, April 4, 2017 | 16:04 North Korea Entertainment Music Dramas & TV shows Movies Performances Exhibitions Photo News Opinion Editorial Columnists Park Moo-jong Choi Sung-jin Tong Kim Korean Historical Sense Andrew Salmon John Burton Jason Lim Donald Kirk Kim Ji-myung Jay Kim Andrei Lankov Frank Ching Hyon O'Brien Younghoy Kim Kimaro Michael McManus Deauwand Myers Casey Lartigue, Jr. Bernard Rowan Stephen Costello Semoon Chang Michael Breen Lee Seong-hyon Reporter's Notebook Guest Column Thoughts of the Times Letter to the Editor Times Forum Cartoon Today in History Feature Image of Korea Small Picture Economy Policies Finance Photo News Biz & Tech Automotive IT Heavy industries Light industries Science Game Photo News National Politics Foreign Affairs Embassy News Defense Affairs Foreign Communities Investigations Diseases & welfare Labor & environment Education Seoul & provinces Obituaries Photo News Culture Books Religions Healthcare Food Fortune Telling Hotel & Travel Fashion Korean traditions Trend Photo News Sports Football Baseball Golf Other Sports 2018 PyeongChang Photo News World SCMP Asia Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Community Time Forum Market Place Talk Box Study Plaza Photos Learning English IT SK hynix joins top three chipmakers Posted : 2017-04-03 16:12 Updated : 2017-04-03 20:41 By Lee Min-hyung SK hynix joined the ranks of the world's top three chipmakers in sales by overtaking U.S.-based giants Qualcomm and Micron Technology, according to the consultancy IHS, Monday. During the fourth quarter of last year, SK hynix chalked up $4.8 billion (5.35 trillion won) in sales of chipsets to account for 4.7 percent of the global market thanks to its strong shipments of memory chips. Intel topped the list with $15.5 billion, followed by Samsung Electronics' $11.75 billion. In terms of 2016 yearly sales, SK hynix came in fifth with $14.99 billion. But as demand for memory chips reached a record high during the second half of last year, the company leaped into the global top three. Korean companies Samsung Electronics and SK hynix are especially strong in memory chips such as DRAM and NAND while their U.S. competitors have an edge in non-memory semiconductors. Observers say the upward momentum for SK hynix is expected to continue at least in the first half of this year, amid a rosy outlook for the memory chip industry. According to the Seoul-based market tracker FnGuide, SK hynix' operating profit in the first quarter will reach a record high of some 2.17 trillion won, almost three times the 561 billion won of the previous year. "The company is expected to further raise its operating profit to some 2.76 trillion won in the second quarter of the year, driven mainly by a price hike for memory chips," said Song Myung-sup, an analyst from HI Investment & Securities. "But the profit growth will slow down from the third quarter, as the company's major clients may reduce orders over concerns for the surging chip price." If smartphone and computer vendors fail to improve their profits by a huge margin with their new devices, the chip price is likely to start dropping in the second half of the year, according to the analyst. mhlee@ktimes.comMore articles by this reporter 30,000 fireworks light up Jamsil sky [VIDEO] Lotte fireworks spark chaos in Jamsil Ten biggest lies in modern Korean history Korea brings China's THAAD retaliation to WTO Thousands of foreigners in Japan face discrimination for not being Japanese: survey Cheong Wa Dae - closed, inefficient palace Trump warns China: Fix North Korea problem or we will 2 sailors of missing Korean cargo ship rescued; 22 unaccounted for [INTERVIEW] N. Korea gets more isolated by ASEAN Fashion Week becomes everyone's festival Foal Eagle exercise Hazy Seoul No sale to Chinese Fine dust blanket Random candidacy Ostensible friends Worries over Taegeukgi Surprise! VX nerve agent used in assassination of Kim: police Dongwha Group Chairman awarded Park's impeachment About Korea Times CEO Message Times History Contents Distribution Media Kit Contact Us Location Privacy Statement Ombudsman Mobile Service PDF Service RSS Service
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Business Playing Now Credit Suisse takes out newspaper ads after raids - 01:37 Asian and euro zone factories ramp up production - 01:35 Trump signs two executive orders on trade - 01:54 Stocks edge lower - 01:21 SpaceX launches first recycled rocket - 01:09 Zuma sacks finance minister, shaking S. Africa - 01:36 Breakingviews TV: Hollywood drama - 03:40 Spain waves off austerity with compromise budget - 01:15 EU offers Brexit trade talks, sets tough terms - 01:40 S Africa: pressure for Zuma after Gordhan sacking - 01:51 HSBC goes PC with gender-neutral titles - 01:27 Mobileye founder's vision for other company Monday, April 03, 2017 - 01:41 Fresh off the $15 billion sale of his autonomous vehicle technology firm Mobileye to Intel, Amnon Shashua's next start-up, OrCam, uses similar computer vision technology to help the visually impaired. Laura Frykberg reports ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript With a little help from technology.. A simple touch could aid the visually impaired in the future. A camera mounted on glasses, which communicates with the user. (SOUNDBITE) (English) YONATAN WEXLER, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT OF RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT AT ORCAM SAYING: "Everything happens here. It's like a tiny box that tells you what it sees." The system is created by OrCam - a start-up by Amnon Shashua. The inventor entrepreneur, famed for selling his autonomous vehicle technology firm, Mobileye... For fifteen billion dollars to Intel. (SOUNDBITE) (English) CO-FOUNDER AND CHAIRMAN OF ORCAM AND FOUNDER OF MOBILEYE, AMNON SHASHUA, SAYING: "At Mobileye we're looking for vehicles and pedestrians and traffic signs and traffic lights and understanding the roadway. In Orcam, we are trying to understand text, barcodes, faces, situations, to help people with visual disabilities. The customer functions are completely different but the commonality is computer vision for the benefit of society". Shashua sees OrCam as destined for the same path as Mobileye. The company is already valued $600 million. And finished a $41 million investment round last month. (SOUNDBITE0 (English) CO-FOUNDER AND CHAIRMAN OF ORCAM AND FOUNDER OF MOBILEYE, AMNON SHASHUA, SAYING: "We believe that by the end of 2018, the revenue, the profit of the company will be at such a level together with ability to forecast that it's good enough for an IPO" And if that happens he's eyeing for the top. Saying the listing would either be on the Nasdaq or the New York Stock Exchange. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2oBbhZ6 <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=371410799" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close Mobileye founder's vision for other company Monday, April 03, 2017 - 01:41 Top News » At least 10 dead in St Petersburg metro blast 12:33am IST - (1:35) Breakingviews TV: Yuan percent Mon, 03 Apr, 2017 - (3:38) At least 9 dead in St Petersburg metro blast Mon, 03 Apr, 2017 - (1:30) NGO installs mock Syrian children cemetery... Mon, 03 Apr, 2017 - (1:35) EU foreign ministers to discuss future of... Mon, 03 Apr, 2017 - (1:10) Twenty tortured and murdered at Pakistan Sufi... Mon, 03 Apr, 2017 - (0:41) Imagination Tech shares plunge as Apple... Mon, 03 Apr, 2017 - (0:52) Leftist Moreno claims Ecuadorian presidency Mon, 03 Apr, 2017 - (0:53) Russia-Western balance endures Serbian... Mon, 03 Apr, 2017 - (1:13) More arrests expected in Chicago FB Live gang... Sun, 02 Apr, 2017 - (1:49) Northern New South Wales residents clean up... Sun, 02 Apr, 2017 - (1:00) Venezuelans clash with police as government... Sun, 02 Apr, 2017 - (1:21) Rough Cuts » Syrian people do not want Assad as leader:... 4:08am IST - (0:51) Haley dismisses claims she's looking to be... 3:15am IST - (1:11) U.S. will 'pressure' China to respond to NK:... 5:25am IST - (1:05) 'Gulliver's Gate' debuts its Lilliputian world 3:03am IST - (2:05) Rap anti-hero Tupac Shakur bigger in death... 1:53am IST - (1:36) Senate committee votes to approve Gorsuch 12:21am IST - (1:01) U.S. "very much behind" Egyptian president:... Mon, 03 Apr, 2017 - (1:23) Trump welcomes Egypt's president to White... Mon, 03 Apr, 2017 - (0:40) Islamic State's second-in-command killed in... Sat, 01 Apr, 2017 - (0:55) More arrests expected in Chicago FB Live gang... Sun, 02 Apr, 2017 - (1:49) Gorsuch will be confirmed 'one way or... Sun, 02 Apr, 2017 - (1:24) Polls open in Serbia's presidential election Sun, 02 Apr, 2017 - (0:50) Technology » Needle-free vaccine delivery on the horizon 6:50am IST - (2:17) Inventor hopes eTrike will succeed where uncle... Mon, 03 Apr, 2017 - (1:57) NASA's James Webb telescope enters test phase Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:17) Child-sized robot helps autistic kids learn... Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (2:32) Pollution in deep Pacific devastating earth -... Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:59) Scientists map Arabica coffee genome Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (2:41) Scientists grow a near life-like mouse embryo Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:46) Brain implant, muscle stimulator help... Wed, 29 Mar, 2017 - (1:20) Tel Aviv's trash is being turned into fuel Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (1:12) Fashion trending footwear made from recycled... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (1:51) Fully-automated drone has Israeli firm... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (1:40) 'Sound hatred' a genuine problem, say UK... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (2:19) Oddly Enough » 'Gulliver's Gate' debuts its Lilliputian world 3:03am IST - (2:05) Swimsuit-clad skiers parade down Sochi's... Sun, 02 Apr, 2017 - (0:54) London exhibition elevates selfies as an art... Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:09) East meets West at Sotheby's Hong Kong... Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:03) Alligator tied to tree in Snapper Village Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:03) French artist attempts to hatch eggs Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:03) Poop and fish guts for the win Wed, 29 Mar, 2017 - (1:02) Virginia's 'Dr. Doolittle' gives amputated... Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (1:56) Fashion trending footwear made from recycled... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (1:51) Baby Dominique born with four legs, now has... Tue, 21 Mar, 2017 - (1:44) Scientists finally figure out why pandas are... Tue, 21 Mar, 2017 - (1:49) Spain's "Fallas" festival ends with burning of... Mon, 20 Mar, 2017 - (1:28) Entertainment » Depeche Mode get political with new album 5:37am IST - (2:01) Rap anti-hero Tupac Shakur bigger in death... 1:53am IST - (1:36) A smiling Cosby returns to court Mon, 03 Apr, 2017 - (0:49) Prized Warhol's 'Mao' painting sold for... Mon, 03 Apr, 2017 - (0:53) Cast and crew of 'The Beguiled' discuss the... Sun, 02 Apr, 2017 - (1:34) Spanish singer brings sunny catchy song to... Sun, 02 Apr, 2017 - (1:48) Latin singer Maluma eyes English music... Sat, 01 Apr, 2017 - (2:05) Busted say their reunion 'feels normal now' Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:27) London exhibition elevates selfies as an art... Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:09) Oscar accountants get reprieve after best... Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:13) Glastonbury announces more acts set to perform Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (0:51) George Michael laid to rest in London Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:20) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Liulishuo Ranks No.1 in AI Education Industry SHANGHAI, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Recently, the "2016 Top 100 China AI enterprises" rankings were officially announced and published by CIWEEK, the authoritative Media on the Internet and IT industries, and the eNet Institute. China's three barons, Baidu, Alibaba and Tencent (BAT) rank among the top three, large-scale AI hardware enterprises. Huawei and Intel are also among the top 10. Liulishuo, the world's leading AI education enterprise ranks 45th, being the only technological education enterprise in the Top 50 list. Liulishuo is a world leading AI-driven education technology company. It was jointly established in September 2012 by Yi Wang, an expert of the 1,000 Talents Program who received a PhD in IT from Princeton University and was a former Google product manager, with his two friends, Zheren Hu and Hui Lin. The Headquarters of Liulishuo is in Shanghai. With an industry-leading AI technology team, Liulishuo is making the study of English more efficient by using AI technology and big data to provide individualized education and equity. Within four years, Liulishuo has gained more than 40 million users, having the highest number of users in the industry. It was awarded as one of Apple's annual "Selected Apps" and "Apps Essence". Liulishuo has the world's largest speech corpus for Chinese people learning English, the most advanced speech recognition technology in the world and the most active language learning community in China. In July 2016, after 2-years of research and large investment, Liulishuo introduced the leading AI tutor, called "Dong Ni Ying Yu" (tutor that understands you). It provides users with personalized learning content and a study plan. Seen as a revolution in language learning within the industry, it can triple users' learning efficiency. Liulishuo has completed the round B of funding. Investors include well-known international VCs like IDG, GGV and TBP. Within the industry, 2016 is known as the first year of the AI Era. AI technology has been applied to several aspects of daily life with rapid speed. As a result AI has become increasingly used as a tool for education. Although many companies claim to apply AI in their products, following the AI+Education model requires surpassing high technical barriers and R&D requirements. Only through acquiring a massive amount data, using an advanced calculation model and continuously evolving AI, is it possible to make full use of productive force and improve users' learning efficiency. Liulishuo is a pioneer in this field. With over 40 Million users, 419 million minutes of recorded data and 8 million dollars in investment, Liulishuo has created the first and only Deep Learning AI technology after two-years of development. This technology was first applied in Liulishuo's Placement Test and its first commercial product "Dong Ni Ying Yu". The Placement Test can adjust the test type and difficulty based on users' performance. It can define users' English level in 5 to 15 minutes with 100% accuracy according to CEFR (The Common European Framework of Reference for Languages). When discussing the "black technology" in the AI based core course "Dong Ni Ying Yu", Hui Lin, a former Google research scientist, an expert in Speech recognition and speech technical processing and co-founder of Liulishuo said "adaptive learning is the cutting edge of AI technology and "Dong Ni Ying Yu" has no pre-designed knowledge graph. The deep learning mode of RNN technology allows for 'self-learning', automatically connecting the user with the most suitable content". Liulishuo has revolutionized the field of AI with its Speech Recognition technology (a fundamental part of AI). A comparison of data from other prominent companies shows that Liulishuo has become the industry leader in speech scoring technology. This has been proven by its multi-dimensional and multi-granularly oral speech evaluation and feedback, not only on phonetics and semantics but also on logic and coherence. The "LingoIELTS" App, published in Nov 2016, further illustrates the effectiveness of this technology. It employs an emulation of IELTS oral testing through AI technology. Users can simulate the dialogue between the examiner and examinee and receive a score on vocabulary, pronunciation, grammar and fluency. The core technology behind the course is speech recognition, which can accurately understand English used by Chinese speakers. The Liulishuo AI Matrix has not only gotten positive reviews from users, but from the market. In the G20 Summit in Hangzhou on Sep 2016, over 4000 volunteers attended the AI Customized systematic training through the "Dong Ni Ying Yu" core course. In addition, it has spread throughout the international market through word of mouth. Liulishuo also provides English Training for many large-scale domestic clients like Capital Airline, Hainan Airline and Ctrip with comprehensive data tracking and prompt feedback. Liulishuo has accumulated its 40 million users from over 20 countries worldwide. It uses AI technology to personalize English learning for Chinese users, allowing them to improve their English more efficiently. It also provides non English-speaking people all over the world with a more intelligent and interesting way to learn English. SOURCE Liulishuo CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards, Banking/Financial Services, Computer/ Electronics, Education, Internet Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Diosana Group Properties Receives Agent Awards Next PostNext Global Vehicle GPS Tracking Device Market Growth Analysis and 2021 Forecast Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Latest Research: Virtualization in Telecom Networks Market 2017 Development Report SDN and NFV have constantly played a role in the development of data centers and fixed networks in recent years. This year, they have caught even more attention of the telecom industry, in particular NFV, from the MWC and ONS to a series of international seminars. Aside from establishing new alliances, many leading telecom operators have formed a closer bond with equipment vendors. In March, many telecom operators released new deployment strategies, showing that NFV will be an indispensable part of their future. Request a sample of this report @ www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/246027 . Companies covered: ADVA, Affirmed Networks, Alcatel-Lucent, Amdocs, Aria Networks, British Telecom, Brocade, Canonical, China Mobile, China Telecom, Cisco, EANTC, Ericsson, Fortinet, Huawei, Intel, Juniper, Korea Telecom, Linux Foundation, Mirantis, NEC, NIA, Nokia, NTT DOCOMO, ON.Lab, PCCW, Red Hat, RIFT.io, SingTel, Telefónica, Telekom Austria, Telenor, VMWare, Vodafone Browse the complete report @ www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/virtualization-in-tel… . Table of Content: 1. Development of NFV Alliances 2. Leading Telecom Operators Lay out NFV Visions & Deployment Plans 3. Conclusion Appendix List Of Tables: List of Topics Development of NFV alliances, including OSM, OPEN-O, NIA (New IP Agency), and CORD (Central Office Re-architected as a Datacenter) Leading telecom operators’ NFV deployment plans, including AT&T, ECOMP, Vodafone, and NTT DOCOMO List of Figures Figure 1: CORD Service Application Architecture Figure 2: AT&T ECOMP vs ETSI NFV Architecture Figure 3: Partners of Vodafone’s VPN+ Services Figure 4: Key Success Factors and Partners of NTT DOCOMO’s NFV Development Check the DISCOUNT @ www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/discount/246027 . About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Extruded Plastics Market to surpass $290 billion by 2024: Global Market Insights, Inc. Next PostNext New Development strategies: Worldwide Smart Clothing Market 2017 Search Recent Posts March 6 – 12: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert March 13 – 19: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert CENTRAL VA. ROADS CLEAR BUT CAUTION IS STILL THE WORD – With refreeze a possibility overnight, drivers should continue to monitor conditions March 20 – 26: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert One lane closed on northbound I-81 bridge over Halls Bottom Road in Washington County – Right lane closure will be in place through Thursday while repairs are made Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News New Development strategies: Worldwide Smart Clothing Market 2017 Semiconductor Consumer Electronics Development of Worldwide Smart Clothing Market January 24, 2017 / Shen,Yi-Hua 20 Page, Topical Report US$1,300 (Single User License) Email to Friend Add to Cart Abstract Request a sample of this report @ www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/229289 . Back in the 1980s, MIT (Massachusetts Institute of Technology) and Philips as well as consumer electronics vendors started to use clothing as a carrier for computing devices for military or medical purposes. This idea led to the development of smart clothing. After textile companies and apparel brands jumped on the bandwagon, functional clothes integrated with mobile devices such as iPod and clothes that glow or produce heat according to environmental conditions were introduced. Compared to smart glasses and smart watches, smart clothing is in direct contact with most body skin surface. Driven by mobile communications, smart home, and wearable technologies, smart clothing has become a popular research topic for technology and textile companies as well as startups, bringing unlimited potential to the future market. Companies covered: Adidas, AIQ, Athos, Carre Technologies, Clothing+, Compal, Eclat Textile, Everest, FENC, FET, Firstbeat, Garmin, Google, Hexoskin, Indiegogo, Intel, Jabil, Levi’s, MAD Apparel, Makalot, Nike, OMSignal, Philips, Pixart Imaging, Quanta, Ralph Lauren, Salomon, Samsung, Sarvint, Sensoria, Suunto, Tex-Ray Industrial, Textronics, The North Face, Under Armour, Victoria’s, Secret, VIVOBAREFOOT Browse the complete report @ www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/development-of-worldw… . Table of Content: 1. Smart Clothing Market Scale 1.1 Emergence Stage with High Product Diversification 1.2 Smart Clothing Market to Hit 18 Million Units in 2020 2. Development of Smart Clothing Industry 2.1 Product R&D and Mass Production Plans of Four Types of Vendors 2.2 Leading Vendors’ Product Development 2.2.1 Google Develops Materials and Platforms to Expand Ecosystem 2.2.2 Clothing+ (Jabil) Develops One-Stop Smart Clothing Solution 2.2.3 Everest Textile Develops Smart Clothing with Special Weaving Techniques and Infrared Rays 3. Key Issues 3.1 Technology: Battery Awaits Improvement 3.2 IP Rights: Wide Variety of Conductive Fiber Patents 3.3 Industry Standards: Lack of International Standards 3.4 Market Demand: Product Development Needs Enhancement MIC Perspectives Appendix Glossary of Terms List of Companies List of Tables: Overview of the worldwide smart clothing market, including shipment volume forecast from 2016 to 2020. Current development of vendors active on the smart clothing market, including apparel brands, textile companies, ICT companies, and startups, touching on their major product deployment Key issues addressing the worldwide smart clothing industry from the perspective of technology, intellectual property rights, industry standards, and market demand List of Figures Figure 1: Smart Clothing Shipment Volume, 2015 – 2020 Figure 2: Google’s Commuter Jacket Figure 3: Everest’s Smart Clothing If you have any enquiry before buying a copy of this report@ www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/229289 . About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Email ID: sales@orbisresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Latest Research: Virtualization in Telecom Networks Market 2017 Development Report Next PostNext 2017 Global Sealants Market Supply-Demand, Industry Research and End User Analysis to 2022 Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Place an advert Buy a photo Plus Rewards Puzzles Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport What's On Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Dating ALL Crime Education Business Health Jobs News Politics Blogs Letters Nostalgia Community Aaargh!!! The zombie apocalypse is coming to North Lincolnshire! By Scunthorpe Telegraph  |  Posted: April 03, 2017   1 COMMENTS   SHARES Are you ready? Aaargh!!! The zombie apocalypse is coming to North Lincolnshire! X Share Tweet Share Pin It Email Copy link to paste in your message / Are you ready? Owners of Golden Wonder move into vending machine business 1 Man sentenced for drink-driving & assault 1 Competition hotting up for 2017 Scunthorpe Rock Open 1 Comments (1) A HUGE zombie event is coming to the region - are you prepared for the zombie apocalypse? Zombie Uprising is a realistic live all action zombie survival event with one planned for Kirton in Lindsey at the end of this month. A statement on the company's website reads:"Another outbreak has infected all those on site who have now become Zombies. "Intel is light, but shows that the virus somehow came into contact with those on site. Police chief Keith Hunter warns about racist hatred towards travellers "This is undoubtedly the largest Zombie Survival Event the UK has ever seen! "With various buildings and locations and active vehicles used to escort you between locations, this site is set to host the best event the country has ever seen. Your country needs you in the battle against The Zombie Uprising. Dare you take your place? Fear is not an option!" The 'Last Stand' even is on Saturday April 22 in Kirton. Scunthorpe family's bid to save Wilko Players are given a gun and have to survive for three hours. Tickets are £69.99. For more information go to www.zombieuprising.co.uk Read today's top stories Report this article Read more from Scunthorpe Telegraph Most Recent Most Commented Owners of Golden Wonder move into vending machine business Man sentenced for drink-driving & assault Competition hotting up for 2017 Scunthorpe Rock Open Police chief Keith Hunter warns about racist hatred towards... That sinking feeling over pothole liability Leaving the European Union 'will not affect businesses' Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters Comments Newest Oldest Best Rated b_wilderd  |  April 03 2017, 7:47PM Zombies have been surviving in Scunthorpe town centre for years. |   3 Report YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs Agricultural Sales / Technicians Salary : TBC Clinical Team Leader - Icebreak Salary : £33,500-£37,000 - Full Time (37 hours) Self Employed plumbers / Gas Safe engineers Salary : Self Employed price work Lettings Manager Salary : Generous Salary Qualified Dental Nurse Salary : Salary £11-£13 / Hour Depending on experience , CPD courses paid for Trainee Ventilation Technician Salary : Good Rates of Pay Commercial Team - People Services - Various Roles Salary : Various Groundskeeper Salary : Competitive Campaign Manager Salary : £30,000 per annum Housing Market Analyst Salary : £20,000 p.a. Administration Assistant Salary : £15,000 p.a. Housing Assistant Salary : £16,313 p.a. Poultry Farm Manager Salary : £24,500 PA Chief Executive Officer Salary : Negotiable Trainer/Assessor Salary : up to £23,486 Recruitment Specialist Salary : £30000.00 - £40000.00 per annum + DOE School Deputy Cleaning Supervisor Salary : £8.19 per hour (Point 11) Accounts Assistant Salary : £16000.00 - £18000.00 per annum Faculty Outreach Administrator Salary : £18,940.00 Receptionist Salary : Good Rates of Pay Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Business Crime Politics Entertainment Education Health Transport Have Your Say Polls Jobs News Transport Crime Sport Football Other Sport Football Cricket Picture Galleries Scunthorpe Scorpions Rugby Scunthorpe United Our Site Video Jobs Dating Letters Corrections & Clarifications How to Complain Promotions Buy and Sell Notices Buy a photo Cars Property Classifieds Places Shopping Estate Agents Restaurants Health and Beauty Hotels and Travel Attractions Pubs and Bars Hairdressers Sport and Leisure Services Tradesmen Business Services Motoring Builders and Construction Gardening Education Plumbers Legal Services Taxis & Vehicle Hire Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
HOME NEWS Channels Archive DOWNLOADS New Downloads Categories Archive GAME REVIEWS ARTICLES Rig of the Month Join ROTM PC Buyers Guide Guru3D VGA Charts Editorials Dated content HARDWARE REVIEWS Videocards Processors Audio Motherboards Memory and Flash SSD Storage Chassis Media Players Power Supply Laptop and Mobile Smartphone Networking Keyboard Mouse Cooling Search articles Knowledgebase More Categories FORUMS NEWSLETTER CONTACT New Reviews AMD Ryzen 7 Memory And Tweaking Analysis review Cooler Master MasterCase Pro 6 review ASUS ROG Strix GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Review Guru3D Rig of the Month - March 2017 GeForce GTX 1080 Ti FCAT Frametime Analysis Review MSI GTX 1080 Ti GAMING X Review Gigabyte Aorus AX370 Gaming 5 review ASUS Crosshair VI Hero Review MSI GeForce GTX 1070 Aero ITX OC Review Corsair Vengeance RGB DDR4 memory review New Downloads AIDA64 Download version 5.90 Prime95 download version 29.1 3DMark Download v.2.3.3663 + Time Spy AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.3.3 driver download GeForce 378.92 WHQL driver download Display Driver Uninstaller Download version 17.0.6.1 AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.3.2 driver download GPU-Z Download 1.18.0 GeForce 378.78 WHQL driver download HWiNFO64 Download v5.46 New Forum Topics Cemu, a potent WiiU emulator The AMD Ryzen All In One Tread /Overclocking/Memory Speeds & Timings/Tweaking/Cooling Guide: AMD Ryzen 7 Memory And Tweaking Analysis The Witcher 3 Official Thread (Pt.4) Mass Effect: Andromeda Buffalo Europe announces series of unmanaged 10GbE network switches ASUS Republic of Gamers Announces Latest Gaming Lineup Radeon RX 550 - 570 and 580 Getting Listed The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild When do you think phones will hit a new level? Guru3D.com » News » ELSA to release Geforce GTX 1080 Ti S.A.C ELSA to release Geforce GTX 1080 Ti S.A.C by Aritra Das on: 03/31/2017 07:01 PM | Source | 1 comment(s) Japan based company ELSA is known for their S.A.C  series which are semi custom designed cards, which mean that they offer a reference PCB design with custom cooler. ELSA has redesigned the cooler for their new S.A.C cards to offer a better thermal solution for the flagship card from NVIDIA. The card has similar power delivery as that of the reference GTX 1080 Ti and therefore has only two power connectors (6+8pin). Connectivity wise you are looking at three DP 1.4, 1x HDMI 2.0b and a DVI connector. In addition to this ELSA also added a custom black colored I/O Shield for this card. We do not have official release date and unfortunately there are no clock frequencies for the GPU and memory known just yet. We do know that this card will only be available in Japan. Rate this story Rating: 1 ... Bad 2 ... Not the best 3 ... Average 4 ... Good 5 ... Awesome « AMD Fixes More Ryzen Issues with New BIOS Firmware Microcode · ELSA to release Geforce GTX 1080 Ti S.A.C · MSI Introduces Mystic Light Sync: Software To Synchronize everything RGB » LiV3WiR3 Newbie Posts: 5 Joined: 2016-08-17 #5414704 Posted on: 03/31/2017 10:24 PM Do you wanna build a Gaming PC? Post New Comment Click here to post a comment for this news story on the message forum. Guru3D.com © 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Non-volatile Memory Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2025 Global Non-volatile Memory Market: Overview Non-Volatile memory or NVM is a different kind of computer memory that has been programmed to recover stored data and information even after being switched off and back on. A few examples of non-volatile memory are punched cards, paper tape, optical discs, magnetic tape, floppy discs, hard disk drives, ferroelectric RAM, flash memory, and read-only memory. This special type of memory is specifically employed for the purpose of a long-term persistent storage or secondary storage. The most commonly employed form of primary storage at present is an instable form of RAM or random access memory, which means that when the computer is turned off, all the contents stored in the random access memory is lost. Nevertheless, several different types of non-volatile memory have certain limitations that tend to make them an unsuitable option for usage as a primary storage mode. Usually, the cost of non-volatile memory is more and also its performance is low. Moreover, its endurance is also lower than volatile RAM. Recently, leading companies such as Intel has started shipping different, innovative storage drives which is based on the 3D XPoint non-volatile memory technology targeted towards the workloads which are data driven. Request a Brochure of the Report @ www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=B&rep_id=2009 Global Non-volatile Memory Market: Trends and Opportunities The global market for non-volatile memory is largely driven by the growing demand for easy and fast access along with rising need for low power consuming memory devices. This has impacted the led to an expanded consumption of NVM particularly in the industries such as healthcare, automotive, and consumer electronics. Henceforth, the global non-volatile memory market is likely to expand at a moderate rate over the coming years owing to the facilities such as optimized consumption of power and high speed access of data. However, the growth of the market is likely to be inhibited by its limited storage capability and substantially low rate of write endurance. Regardless of the several challenges, market vendors can expect opportunities from the rising demand for non-volatile memory in flexible electronics and the emergence of innovative and advanced storage techniques such as NRAM, SONOS, MRAM, and 3D XPoint. Different types of NVM such as embedded non-volatile memory and traditional non-volatile memory. The market for 3D and 2D NAND is likely to be extensively be driven by the growing demand for Flash memories in the section of consumer electronics due to properties such as low consumption of power and low price. Request for TOC of the Report @ www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=T&rep_id=2009 Global Non-volatile Memory Market: Market Potential One of the leading companies in data, Everspin, introduced a new type Spin Torque MRAM over a PCIe card. The first of its kind, the new and innovative nvNITRO E range is expected to be half length and half height PCIe card which will work as an NVMe solid disk or as a MMIO. These types of card entitle 1,500,000 IOPS with an end-to-end latency of six microsecond. Global Non-volatile Memory Market: Regional Outlook The global market for non-volatile memory market can be segmented into North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, and the Rest of the World. It has been expected that Asia Pacific will account for a significant share in the global market due to the growing number of data centers and rising manufacturing of consumer electronics and automotive. Read Complete Report @ www.tmrresearch.com/non-volatile-memory-market Global Non-volatile Memory Market: Competitive Landscape Some of the leading companies in the market are Micron Technology Inc., Fujitsu Ltd., Sandisk Corporation, Sidense Corporation, Intel Corporation, Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., Kilopass Technology Inc., Crossbar Inc., Viking Technology, and Adesto Technologies Corporation. About TMR Research TMR Research is a premier provider of customized market research and consulting ser-vices to business entities keen on succeeding in today’s supercharged economic climate. Armed with an experienced, dedicated, and dynamic team of analysts, we are redefining the way our clients’ conduct business by providing them with authoritative and trusted research studies in tune with the latest methodologies and market trends. Our savvy custom-built reports span a gamut of industries such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals and metals, food and beverages, and technology and media, among others. With actionable insights uncovered through in-depth research of the market, we try to bring about game-changing success for our clients. Contact: Rohit Bhisey Head – Internet Marketing Tel: +1-415-520-1050 Email: sales@tmrresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Model based Testing Market Trends, Growth, Share, Analysis, Outlook to 2025 Next PostNext Research report covers the Power Electronics Market share and Growth, 2017 – 2025 Search Recent Posts Could This Enzyme Help Turn Biofuel Waste into Something Useful? EQUITY ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Announces Investigation of Securities Claims Against Banco Popular Español, S.A. – BPESY SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Goldberg Law PC Announces a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Cemtrex, Inc. King of the Hill – 2017 Ram Heavy Duty Wins Gold Hitch Award From The Fast Lane Truck (TFLtruck) Spark says 80c/share is final offer for TeamTalk Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Silicon Valley's Spooked by Trump and Mexico Sees an Opportunity by Andrea Navarro @andreanavarror More stories by Andrea Navarro April 3, 2017, 6:00 AM EDT April 3, 2017, 2:06 PM EDT Jalisco state governor offers way around visa-policy threat ‘We’re tolerant and inclusive and think talent has no borders’ There’s a tech-loving governor in Mexico who sees opportunity in the hassles the Trump administration might create for companies eager to hire foreign engineers and coders: He’ll find cubicles for them. Employees work inside the office of Wizeline Inc. in Guadalajara. Photographer: Hector Guerrero/Bloomberg Aristoteles Sandoval has been making his pitch to Silicon Valley, selling what he considers the world’s second-best technology nerve center to the likes of Facebook Inc. and Tesla Inc. If you can’t import the talent you need, Sandoval has been telling them, there’s a way around the problem in Guadalajara. After all, most of the big companies have research centers, factories or satellite offices in the picturesque city. Why not park your non-American workers a four-hour flight from San Francisco? “We’ll take you,” Sandoval, 43, said, sleeves rolled up and hair slicked back as he sat at his desk in Casa Jalisco, the official residence of the governor of Jalisco state. “We’re tolerant and inclusive and think talent has no borders. Brilliant minds will always have a place here.” Bloomberg View: Tech’s Fight Against Trump’s Travel Ban Is a Matter of Survival That could, and should, be interpreted as a dig at U.S. President Donald Trump, who has galvanized the industry with orders to ban immigration from some mostly Muslim countries and freeze the expedited processing of H-1B visas for specially skilled workers. And the Citizenship and Immigration Services department just issued new guidelines for the visas, making it more difficult for companies to use them to bring foreign tech workers into the U.S. “We had to raise our hand,” Sandoval said. The governor toured Silicon Valley in February and said he talked with more than 40 executives from companies including Microsoft Corp. who were “very interested.” The companies declined to comment. “The interest is absolutely there,” said Bismarck Lepe, founder and chief executive officer of Wizeline Inc., a business applications and software provider. Though it’s based in San Francisco, its main operations are on a Guadalajara campus that has the full Silicon Valley vibe going, with ping-pong and foosball tables and scooters for employees, who get free meals. Employees play ping pong at Wizeline Inc.’s headquarters. Photographer: Hector Guerrero/Bloomberg Lepe, a former product manager for Google whose Mexican-born parents moved to America as migrant field workers, said he opened the Guadalajara office in 2013 because the U.S. had gotten “way too expensive.” The 182 people on the payroll there -- where wages are about three times less -- hail from more than 10 countries, including Egypt and France. Sandoval hasn’t released details about his plan, and it’s unclear just how it would work. “The governor’s openness is headed in the right direction,” said Jesus Palomino, who runs Intel Corp.’s design center in Guadalajara. “The message is excellent, but how to go about it will be a challenge.” Mexican immigration laws wouldn’t pose obstacles for someone from, say, India who wanted to work in Guadalajara for a company in Seattle, said Krizia Delgado, who studied migration at Oxford University. Other governments have established fast-track visa systems for entrepreneurs. Publicly funded Start-Up Chile gives grants and one-year visas to foreigners who want to develop their projects in the country. Read more: The U.S. debate over work visas -- a QuickTake Q&A Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Guadalajara has the chops, said Bernardo Santos, operations manager for Jabil Circuit Inc. there. He said more than a few of the clients he’s hosted from the U.S., Europe and Asia have decided to move to the Jalisco state capital, the second-largest city in Mexico, which is in a broad valley not far from the Sierra Madre Occidental mountains and has a bustling arts scene. “It’s a very attractive city.” Intel Corp.’s Design Center in Guadalajara Photographer: Hector Guerrero/Bloomberg U.S. companies started setting up factories there in 1970, to take advantage of lower labor and other costs and government subsidies for construction licenses and property taxes. Much of the tech activity is still in production, but some, including IBM Corp. and Oracle Corp., have campuses rivaling those up north. Intel’s hub, its largest engineering center in Latin America, covers 25 acres. As much as 40 percent of the workforce in the city of 1.5 million is tied to tech, as are 52 percent of its exports, according to Sandoval’s office. After becoming governor in 2013, he moved to enhance that by creating the state Ministry of Innovation, Science and Technology to oversee the promotion of what he called a “culture around innovation.” Sandoval will brag about Guadalajara for as long as anyone has time to listen. “We have everything -- great universities, golf courses, excellent shows, you name it.” What’s more, the surfing paradise of Sayulita is a four-hour drive west and there’s no shortage of tequila, which has been made for centuries from the agave plants that blanket fields not far from the city limits. The governor could be onto something, said Gary Burtless, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution in Washington who researches labor markets. If he can “siphon some of those would-be immigrants from the U.S., that’s great news for Mexico.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Student Debt Giant Navient to Borrowers: You’re on Your Own Donald Trump’s Ferrari Disappoints at Florida Auction Trump Cracks Down on H-1B Visa Program That Feeds Silicon Valley Musk Trolls Shorts as Tesla's Value Hits Record, Passes Ford Hungarians Take to the Streets to Support Soros’s University Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Partner Content Intelligence Back Whitepapers and eBooks Survey Reports Webinars Polls Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs Events More Back About Us Meet the team Advertise with us Get our newsletter 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Partner Content Intelligence Back Whitepapers and eBooks Survey Reports Webinars Polls Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs Events More Back About Us Meet the team Advertise with us Get our newsletter 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com news Apple tries to stop using Imagination but that could end in tears Written by Scott Bicheno 1 day ago Device giant Apple wants to stop licensing GPU designs from Imagination Technology and use its own instead, but the snubbed UK chip designer doesn’t fancy its chances. Apple wants to move from using Imagination intellectual property in the graphics processing unit (GPU) parts of the chips that run iPhones, iPads, etc. Apple has been using Imagination GPUs in its mobile chips since at least the launch of the first iPhone and started designing its own chips, also featuring Imagination GPU designs, in 2010, following its acquisition of PA Semi. After all those years of SoC designing Apple seems to have become a bit cocky and decided it doesn’t need anyone else’s help with GPU design. An announcement from Imagination says Apple has given notice that it will end the current deal in 15 months to two years’ time, having already commenced working on its own design. “Apple has not presented any evidence to substantiate its assertion that it will no longer require Imagination’s technology, without violating Imagination’s patents, intellectual property and confidential information,” said the Imagination announcement. “This evidence has been requested by Imagination but Apple has declined to provide it. “Further, Imagination believes that it would be extremely challenging to design a brand new GPU architecture from basics without infringing its intellectual property rights, accordingly Imagination does not accept Apple’s assertions.” Imagination’s business model is very similar to ARM’s; it doesn’t make the chips but it designs their microarchitecture so other companies don’t have to. It then licenses these designs and also claims small royalties from every chip containing its designs that is sold. The main Imagination GPU brand is PowerVR. The reason Imagination and ARM – which used to work in partnership until ARM became a GPU competitor with the introduction of its Mali designs – are successful businesses is that chip design is very difficult. Intel’s struggles in the mobile space illustrate this well. If even Intel has had difficulty designing competitive mobile chip (it has also been an Imagination licensee and significant shareholder) then it’s easy to see why Imagination doesn’t fancy Apple’s chances. Additionally the contracts set up by chip designers are bound to feature extensive protections against customers using any of their IP in subsequent attempts to go it alone. So if Apple goes ahead with this move it will somehow have to design a GPU from the ground up, using its own microarchitecture, or get seriously sued. Alternatively Apple could merely be looking to strengthen its negotiating position ahead of a review of what it pays Imagination to use its designs. Imagination shares were down 60% at time of writing and even if it does have a strong legal case Apple has enough lawyers to drag any subsequent litigation out indefinitely, as it seems prepared to do with Qualcomm. As a significant shareholder (see screen grab from Imagination 2016 annual report below), Apple presumably has a good sense of Imagination’s financial position and thus its ability to fund such an action. “Apple license fees and royalties…represented revenue of £60.7 million for the year ended 30 April 2016 and are expected to be approximately £65 million for the year ending 30 April 2017,” said the Imagination announcement. What Apple can’t afford is to have rubbish GPUs in future generations of it’s A-series SoCs. If the iPhones launched in 2019 have poor graphics benchmarking compared to the leading Android phones, expect reviewers to join the dots and punish Apple accordingly. Any resulting dip in iPhone sales will surely make the money saved on Imagination royalties pale into insignificance. Tags: Apple, chip, featured, GPU, Imagination Technologies, licensing, SoC 2 comments Soylent 03/04/2017 @ 12:54 pm Reply So exactly why does Apple need to disclose evidence of their plans? Two years warning is more than reasonable given that Apple – or any other company for that matter, actually needn’t tell them anything. I don’t doubt that Apple can design an industry leading graphics architecture given that they already have the most powerful mobile CPU and have been hiring graphics specialists, notably from AMD, over the past year. Scott Bicheno 03/04/2017 @ 12:57 pm Reply If Apple can then fair play to it, but Imagination will want to ensure it’s not using any of its IP without paying. Apple still uses ARM designs for the CPU doesn’t it? Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Related Content Vestberg volunteers for Verizon venture Huawei 2016 numbers reveal the extent of Ericsson, Nokia and ZTE’s challenge Busybody bureaucrat meddles gratuitously with UK fibre pricing Infographic: 68% think the telcos have missed the smart home boat Webinars View all Smart Cities: Analyzing the Opportunities & Threats for Telcos 13 April 2017 White Papers View all White Paper – Digital Transformation Requires a “Subscriber-First” Approach Share 5 days ago Digital Transformation Operator Survey Report Share 24 Feb 2017 Smart cities: what are the opportunities for telcos? Share 17 Feb 2017 Events View all Channel Partners Conference and Expo 10-13 April 2017 View Event Broadband Forum Asia 11-12 April 2017 View Event Next Generation Optical Networking Asia 11-12 April 2017 View Event Polls View all With Amazon and Google launching smart home initiatives, have the telcos missed out on their chance to cash in on this market? Yes, Google and Amazon will now dominate this space (65%, 40 Votes) Consumers won't have made up their mind (19%, 12 Votes) No, Google and Amazon will not be able to replace the telcos in the mind of the consumer (16%, 10 Votes) Total Voters: 62  Loading ... Twitter View all Start chopping the limes, #Huawei and #Nokia are throwing a party in #Mexico https://t.co/TVodjTWaTr #lte #4g 03 April 2017 @ 17:15:36 UTC The https://t.co/TiqMhWaIFG Podcast: Telecoms feat. L Reading innit https://t.co/GmEp6jFloX #bigdata #corporate 03 April 2017 @ 15:37:38 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2017. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Better late than never: Oppo R9, R9 Plus, and F1s get Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) update 5 minutes ago Apple has placed an order with Samsung for 70 million flexible OLED displays 1 hour ago New details emerge about HTC's next flagship 'Ocean' 2 hours ago Microsoft files patent for a 'Dual Display Device' with an e-paper display 2 hours ago View all recent news Microsoft files patent for a 'Dual Display Device' with an e-paper display 2 hours ago Xbox One Insider build 15063.2011 is now available in the Alpha ring - here's what's new 4 hours ago Microsoft's Beam is celebrating its official Xbox One launch with 'Theme Week' and giveaways 5 hours ago New Windows 10 for PCs cumulative updates are rolling out to Insiders - here's what's new 8 hours ago View all Microsoft news Better late than never: Oppo R9, R9 Plus, and F1s get Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) update 5 minutes ago Google's Daydream isn't yet compatible with the Galaxy S8 and S8+ 10 hours ago Android 7.1.2 Nougat images are now available; Nexus 6 and 9 officially unsupported 12 hours ago StatCounter: Android dethrones Windows as the most used operating system 12 hours ago View all Google news Apple has placed an order with Samsung for 70 million flexible OLED displays 1 hour ago Apple begins to think differently about TV - might bundle HBO, Showtime, and Starz 4 hours ago Apple releases iOS 10.3.1, fixing a Wi-Fi vulnerability 13 hours ago Telegram releases calls to more continents after Europe-only test 17 hours ago View all Apple news Revo Uninstaller Free 2.0.3 23 minutes ago SMPlayer 17.4.0 1 hour ago Insofta Cover Commander 5.0 19 hours ago Shotcut 17.04 19 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Logitech BRIO review: The best webcam you can buy Mar 28, 2017 Oukitel U15S review: A combination of wrong choices Mar 20, 2017 Nintendo Switch Review: Jack of all trades or master (system) of none? Mar 12, 2017 ZTE Blade V8 Pro Review: A phone that attempts to deliver everything you want for under $230 Mar 7, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials Samsung's Galaxy S8 goes shark diving with T-Mobile's latest underwater unboxing Mar 30, 2017 Unboxing and application of the Spigen GLAS.tR SLIM HD screen protector for Nintendo Switch Mar 27, 2017 LG G6 unboxing and first impressions Mar 26, 2017 Unboxing the Nintendo Switch Pro Controller Mar 24, 2017 View all unboxings Android 7.1.2 Nougat is reportedly rolling out to some devices Apr 3, 2017 Windows 10 user base on Steam reaches all-time high of 51.2% Apr 2, 2017 New Windows 10 for PCs cumulative updates are rolling out to Insiders - here's what's new 9 hours ago Microsoft now offering $200 off entry-level Surface Book in the US 20 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Grab a lifetime subscription to TigerVPN for only $29 - limited time offer 17 hours ago Save 96% off this Agile Project Management Training, get for just $39 via Neowin Deals Mar 31, 2017 Get a lifetime subscription to the eduCBA Tech Training Bundle for just $49 Mar 30, 2017 You can pick up the Linksys N600+ Dual-Band Smart Wi-Fi Wireless Router for just $37.99 Mar 29, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Apple to dump Imagination Technologies and build its own GPU By Boyd Chan Neowin LLC @therealboydchan · 20 hours ago with 14 comments Back in early 2009, it came to light that Apple may have become an investor in Imagination Technologies who, at the time, had recently announced its PowerVR multi-core graphics processing units designed for mobile devices. Later that year, both Intel and Apple raised their stakes in the company, taking their collective interest in the company to over 25%. More recently, it became apparent that Apple had discussed the possibility of acquiring Imagination Technologies but stopped short of making an offer for the GPU designer. With Apple contributing to more than half of the company's revenues, it came as a crushing blow when the Cupertino giant disclosed that it had been working on its own graphics design to incorporate into its products, wiping a massive 64% off the value of Imagination's stock. Despite the major setback, Imagination has maintained a defiant position in its statement released today: "Apple has not presented any evidence to substantiate its assertion that it will no longer require Imagination's technology, without violating Imagination's patents, intellectual property and confidential information. This evidence has been requested by Imagination but Apple has declined to provide it. Further, Imagination believes that it would be extremely challenging to design a brand new GPU architecture from basics without infringing its intellectual property rights, accordingly Imagination does not accept Apple's assertions." With Apple forecasting that it will no longer require the use of Imagination's intellectual property in the next 15 to 24 months, the UK tech company is looking down the barrel of a substantial loss of royalty payments. In the meantime, Imagination has sought to discuss 'potential alternative commercial arrangements' with regards to the existing agreement while readying itself for a potential legal challenge should Apple make unauthorised use of its intellectual property. Source: The Verge Tags Apple Imagination technologies Imagination Gpu Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story A new scam has surfaced promising users a Nintendo Switch emulator Next Story Microsoft now offering $200 off entry-level Surface Book in the US Advertisement Community Activity Refresh Better late than never: Oppo R9, R9 Plus, and F1s get Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) update in Front Page News Ex-Russian Lawmaker Who Turned on Putin Shot Dead in Kiev in Real World News Revo Uninstaller Free 2.0.3 in Front Page News Microsoft files patent for a 'Dual Display Device' with an e-paper display in Front Page News Apple has placed an order with Samsung for 70 million flexible OLED displays in Front Page News Trending Stories Android 7.1.2 Nougat is reportedly rolling out to some devices Apr 3, 2017 with 8 comments Windows 10 user base on Steam reaches all-time high of 51.2% Apr 2, 2017 with 36 comments New Windows 10 for PCs cumulative updates are rolling out to Insiders - here's what's new 8 hours ago with 6 comments Microsoft now offering $200 off entry-level Surface Book in the US 19 hours ago with 1 comment Related Stories PowerVR Series8XE Plus is a VR-capable GPU for low to mid-range Android devices Jan 17, 2017 Oculus VR founder: We'll support Mac 'if Apple ever releases a good computer' Mar 3, 2016 · Hot! OS X 10.8.1 improves battery life Aug 22, 2012 · Hot! Mac users of Microsoft Office crave Retina support Aug 14, 2012 · Hot! deals TigerVPN: Lifetime Subscription $780.00 $29.00 96% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $39.00 92% off Pay What You Want: Ashampoo Best Selling Software Bundle $429.92 $1.00 100% off eduCBA Tech Training Bundle: Lifetime Subscription $2,299.00 $49.00 98% off Private Internet Access VPN: 2-Yr Subscription $166.00 $59.95 64% off Show Comments 14 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] The new features and improvements coming soon to Windows 10 tall promo only video LG G6: Unboxing and first impressions lg g6 unpacked 2017 Samsung unveils Galaxy S8 and S8+, with DeX desktop mode and Bixby 'intelligent assistant' samsung galaxy s8 review Logitech BRIO: The best webcam you can buy logitech brio Microsoft to sell Galaxy S8 and S8+ 'Microsoft Edition' at its stores galaxy s8 microsoft edition GET UP TO SPEED! Catch up with our handy walkthrough of the week's top tech news 7 days Creators Update rollout will begin for PCs on April 11; and for Mobile on April 25 tall promo only Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News United States 5G Technology Market Research Report 2017 analysis and forecast 2022 5G Technology Covered in this Report: The United States 5G Technology Market Research Report Forecast 2017-2021 is a valuable source of insightful data for business strategists. It provides the 5G Technology industry overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis. This 5G Technology market study provides comprehensive data which enhances the understanding, scope and application of this report. This report provides comprehensive analysis of Key market segments and sub-segments Evolving market trends and dynamics Changing supply and demand scenarios Quantifying market opportunities through market sizing and market forecasting Tracking current trends/opportunities/challenges Competitive insights Opportunity mapping in terms of technological breakthroughs The Major players reported in the market include: Cisco (U.S.) Ericsson (Sweden) SK Telecom (South Korea) Korea Telecom (South Korea) Nokia Networks (Finland) Samsung (South Korea) Qualcomm (U.S.) Intel (U.S.) NEC Corporation (Japan) To Get Sample Copy of Report visit @ www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1112417-united-stat… United States 5G Technology Market: Product Segment Analysis Type 1 Type 2 Type 3 United States 5G Technology Market: Application Segment Analysis Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 Reasons for Buying this Report This report provides pin-point analysis for changing competitive dynamics It provides a forward looking perspective on different factors driving or restraining market growth It provides a six-year forecast assessed on the basis of how the market is predicted to grow It helps in understanding the key product segments and their future It provides pin point analysis of changing competition dynamics and keeps you ahead of competitors It helps in making informed business decisions by having complete insights of market and by making in-depth analysis of market segments To enquiry of report visit @ www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1112417-united-states-5g-t… Key Points in Table Of Content Chapter 1 5G Technology Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of 5G Technology 1.2 5G Technology Market Segmentation by Type 1.2.1 United States Production Market Share of 5G Technology by Type in 2015 1.2.1 Type 1 1.2.2 Type 2 1.2.3 Type 3 1.3 5G Technology Market Segmentation by Application 1.3.1 5G Technology Consumption Market Share by Application in 2015 1.3.2 Application 1 1.3.3 Application 2 1.3.4 Application 3 1.4 United States Market Size Sales (Value) and Revenue (Volume) of 5G Technology (2011-2021) Chapter 2 United States Economic Impact on 5G Technology Industry 2.1 United States Macroeconomic Analysis 2.2 United States Macroeconomic Environment Development Trend Chapter 3 United States 5G Technology Market Competition by Manufacturers 3.1 United States 5G Technology Production and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 3.2 United States 5G Technology Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 3.3 United States 5G Technology Average Price by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 3.4 Manufacturers 5G Technology Manufacturing Base Distribution, Production Area and Product Type 3.5 5G Technology Market Competitive Situation and Trends 3.5.1 5G Technology Market Concentration Rate 3.5.2 5G Technology Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 3.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion Chapter 4 United States 5G Technology Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 4.1 United States 5G Technology Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 4.2 United States 5G Technology Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 4.3 United States 5G Technology Price by Type (2012-2017) 4.4 United States 5G Technology Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) Continued… To Purchase Report visit @ www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&rep… Contact Us: Norah Trent Partner Relations & Marketing Manager Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Follow on LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pv… Subscribe Our YouTube Channel @ www.youtube.com/channel/UCEGrh5nnB7C6Vg4CgpuzBPw Click Here For More Details www.wiseguyreports.com/ ABOUT US: Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of market research reports under these categories and sub-categories. WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States 4G LTE Wireless Broadband Market Research Report 2017 analysis and forecast 2022 Next PostNext Global Car Waxes Market by Share rate, Growth Rate, Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Travel Destinations Destinations Hotels Offers Holiday types City Beach Tours Cruise Ski Family Luxury Advice More Cancel All Features Hotels Tours Destinations Features Hotels Tours Telegraph Travel Destinations North America United States Articles How to see the coolest, most beautiful corner of America The 200ft plume of Elowah Falls Credit: GETTY Christopher Wakling 3 April 2017 • 9:33am The masked face in front of me exploded in silver bubbles. A hand next to it signalled “OK?”. I did a little nod. Straightaway the cage door swung open to reveal a shark, its mouth ajar and full of teeth, hanging in the blue water 10 – no six – no three – feet in front of me. A trip to the Pacific Northwest, I’d been told, would reveal humming cities cheek-by-jowl with mother nature. I’d spent time among bearded hipsters tasting craft beer in one of Portland’s 70-odd microbreweries. Now, in Tacoma’s Point Defiance Zoo and Aquarium, I was eyeball to eyeball with a tankful of predators. Except they weren’t that predatory. In fact, this selection – of black-tipped reef sharks, Japanese wobbegongs, even toothy sand tiger sharks – were a placid bunch, content to cruise the 225,000-gallon tank as pro-conservation ambassadors, a point Heidi, our guide, was keen to emphasise. More than 9,000 people have dived with these sharks (no previous experience necessary) since the exhibit opened in 2013. The message they take home is that while we humans have driven many shark species towards extinction, killing some 70 million a year for fin soup alone, you or I are more likely to be taken out by our toasters. Portland, Oregon Credit: DAVID GN Environmentalism sits close to the region’s heart. These north-west states of Oregon and Washington are part of America’s liberal “left coast”, as last year’s presidential election showed. In Oregon, where the Democratic candidate has won every election since 1988, Hillary Clinton carried the state with 50 per cent of the vote (compared with Donald Trump’s 39 per cent). In Washington, Clinton won by a margin of 54 per cent to Trump’s 38. With their green agenda, they have cleaned up their rivers (I watched kids jumping from the jetties in downtown Portland); they’re big on food miles (pretty much every waiter I spoke to told me proudly how “local” the food was); they have even legalised pot (originally for medicinal reasons, but now “dispensaries” serve it up for recreational use too).  Portland is perfect for exploring on two wheels Credit: GETTY A good way to get to grips with Portland is to explore it by bike. I spent a morning with Pedal Bike Tours. We set off past the hundred-year-old Steel Bridge, took in the massive riverside grain silos and cut through Tanner Springs Park.  I learnt that the clothing companies Nike, Adidas, Columbia and Patagonia all call Portland home, as does computer giant Intel. “More people are moving here than anywhere else in the US,” explained Evan, my guide, ruefully adding that the city “also has the country’s biggest housing shortage”. A brief, lung-busting climb took me to an elevated spot where the city was spread out beneath me, its five points (true: “think of it as a star”) bisected by the Willamette River, the clutch of skyscrapers, the sprawl. It was a hot, hazy day for the temperate Northwest but I could still make out the snow-capped peak of Mount Hood (11,250ft) poking above the layer cake of forest and cloud to the east. Mount Hood casts a shadow over the city Credit: GETTY Later that day, having taken in America’s oldest rose garden (the smell!), not to mention the world’s largest independent and second-hand bookstore, Powell’s City of Books (the first editions!), I found myself watching a man drizzle “Bee Local” honey, from hives on farmland near Mount Hood, over salt-sprinkled cheese. The cheese was local, so was the salt – some flakes infused with onions, others cherry-wood smoked.  A post shared by Powell's Books (@powellsbooks) on Jan 6, 2017 at 1:07pm PST I also drank my first mead. This particular bottle was brewed by a local outfit called Stung, logo: “Drink, Mate & Die”. It was nice. As was the honey-salt-cheese combo, partly because it was served with a dollop of home-grown enthusiasm.  The same joyous localism was apparent in The Commons Brewery down the road, where host Josh Grgas justified a cheese-and-craft-beer tasting with the chop-logical: “Have you ever seen a cow eating grapes?”  A post shared by Commons Brewery (@commonsbrewery) on Mar 29, 2016 at 12:19pm PDT I had not. A “flight” of gulp-sized beers plus a taster board of cheeses is available to all for $20 here, and is to be recommended. After a night spent mostly digesting cheese in the very chic Ace Hotel, where the décor is military-industrial/prison-hip, I borrowed the bike again and headed out beyond the city limit to see why Portland was here at all: because of the historic Oregon Trail.  A room at the Ace Hotel This is the route the pioneers took when making the 2,000-odd-mile trek north-west. The section near Portland, accessible by tram and bus (both of which accommodate bikes) runs through the Columbia River Gorge. Deep and wide and tree-clad, the gorge splits Oregon and Washington. It’s full of waterfalls. I biked from Multnomah to Cascade Locks and back to Troutdale, pausing only to hike one trail – to the 200ft plume of Elowah Falls – all too conscious of what I was missing along the way: you could trek here for weeks and not see it all. A section of the Oregon Trail Credit: GETTY And yet the Columbia River Gorge is just one of many areas of outstanding natural beauty in the region. The biggest – heightwise at least – is Mount Rainier National Park, some three hours north-east of Portland.  I spent a day on the flanks of the 14,410ft snow-capped volcano. This far north, this high up, July is spring, August summer, September autumn, and the rest shades of winter. On my hike, I could pretty much hear the rush and hiss of plants bursting into life along the Trail of the Shadows, through the Grove of the Patriarchs and around the Reflection Lakes.  Mount Rainier Credit: GETTY Armed with a knowledgeable guide in Kieron Weidner of First Nature Tours, I learnt that to reach the volcano’s summit you need serious ice-climbing gear, that the huge-leaved plants beneath the western hemlocks and Douglas firs are skunk cabbages, and that bear grass, whose lily-like flowers look like cotton-wool buds, only grows here in the Cascade Range. I also witnessed how fast “The Mountain” generated its own weather: in just 30 minutes, dense fog cleared to icy blue sky – with the peak just there – before it disappeared behind cloud again. From Mount Rainier I headed north-east, stopping in the small town of Enumclaw (“loud thundering noise” in the indigenous language). Here, in the unpretentious plywood-and-nature-posters surrounds of Kelly’s Mercantile, I enjoyed a home-grown slice of Washington State.  Kelly herself introduced me to singer-songwriter Pete Bush, who serenaded the diners through a PA system that was turned up slightly too loud. I’d eaten at some humdinger restaurants – SuperBite in Portland served sharing platters of whole fried trout, Dungeness crab, and ginger-black-bean sauce: just go there – but my steak tasted good in Enumclaw. Tacoma lies south of Seattle, sitting in its shadow, but isn’t to be missed. If you visit, make sure you go kayaking on burnished Commencement Bay. The views of the city, the hills and (on a good day) Mount Rainier are spectacular, and orcas lurk below – but don’t let them distract you from the current, which, if you paddle the wrong way, can sweep you down the bay.  Seattle's skyline, dominated by the Space Needle Credit: GETTY Having survived that danger – just – my next stop was an hour away, up Seattle’s Space Needle. Straight out of Buck Rogers – both futuristic (520ft in 41 seconds!) and of its time – this iconic tower from the Sixties is a great vantage point from which to get your bearings. That’s Microsoft territory down there; Amazon’s 40,000 employees have their own bus service running from one centre to another – and so on. But if you really want to get above downtown Seattle – not to mention Lake Union, Lake Washington, Union Bay, Puget Sound and Elliott Bay – take the $99 scenic seaplane flight run by Kenmore Air. I love planes, and I love boats – so for me, a plane with boat feet is excellent. USA most epic The safety briefing (“put your seat belt on”) lasted four seconds, then we were up and away to take a look around. Bill Boeing (“Perhaps you’ve heard of him?”) made his first flight here in 1914. The aerospace company still has a big presence – including its own airport – in the city, but we didn’t need tarmac to land. My only gripe about the seaplane was that the music accompanying the commentary should have included some by local heroes Nirvana. Later, at the stunning, sheet-metal EMP (Experience Music Project: catchy) Museum, designed by Frank Gehry of Guggenheim fame, I reminded myself all about Kurt Cobain – and Jimi Hendrix – both of whom hailed from here-ish. I also overheard a mum from Notting Hill try to square the “Well, Barnaby, he was very excited when he smashed his guitar, and no, that doesn’t mean you can break things when excited” circle with her nine-year-old son. Afterwards, I took a tour of Pike Place Market – the oldest continuously running food market in the US – with Melissa Dempsey of Show Me Seattle. With its 200-plus local vendors, the market is a refreshing counterpoint to the global dominance of nearby Microsoft, Amazon and Starbucks, whose first shop is also down the road.  A post shared by Pike Place Market (@pikeplacepublicmarket) on Feb 23, 2017 at 2:58pm PST Try the gelato, the samosas, the spicy chicken tacos; try everything, but most of all try the fortifying clam chowder at Pike Place Chowder. It will set you up to eyeball a shark. Getting there American Airlines (0844 369 9899; aa.co.uk) flies to Portland daily from Heathrow, via Chicago, Dallas/Fort Worth and Los Angeles from £753. British Airways (0344 493 0787; ba.com/seattle) flies twice daily from Heathrow to Seattle from £570. US cities to visit Staying there  Ace Hotel, 1022 SW Stark Street, Portland (001 503 228 2277; follow this link for a full review). Silver Cloud Inn, 2317 Ruston Way, Tacoma (001 253 272 1300; silvercloud.com). Fairmont Olympic Hotel, 411 University Street, Seattle (001 206 621 1700; fairmont.com/seattle). Further information  traveloregon.com; traveltacoma.com; visitseattle.org; experiencewa.com; VisitTheUSA.co.uk Share this article Follow Telegraph Travel Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Follow on Pinterest Loading... Sponsored 20 Mar 2017 Browse Telegraph Travel's selection of escorted tours in USA Best United States tours View all tours Browse Telegraph Travel's selection of ocean cruises in the USA USA ocean cruises Book your trip Browse Telegraph Travel's selection of escorted tours in the USA USA escorted tours View all tours Browse Telegraph Travel's selection of cruises in North America North America ocean cruises View all ocean cruises If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 We've noticed you're adblocking. We rely on advertising to help fund our award-winning journalism. We urge you to turn off your ad blocker for The Telegraph website so that you can continue to access our quality content in the future. Thank you for your support. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Subscribe & Save 33% Off the cover price Subscribe Now Gift Subscription Subscription Services Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up The Magazine Group Current Issue Past Issues Group Political Animal Blog Politics 2016 College Guide and Rankings Economy Government Education K-12 Higher Education Law and Justice Health Care Books Group Republic 3.0 Special Reports Successes of Philanthropy Column 2 About Advertise Contact Careers Privacy Policy Donate Subscribe Share Tweet Print Email Michael Flynn’s Problems are Donald Trump’s Problems by Martin Longman March 31, 2017 1:04 PM Political Animal Blog D. Myles Cullen/Wikimedia Commons Donate Subscribe Share Tweet Print Email Nancy is correct to emphasize that it’s quite possible, likely even, that many folks are drawing the wrong conclusions from the fact that Michael Flynn is seeking immunity before he’s willing to talk again to the FBI or testify before Congress. All it definitely means is that there’s a high probability that Flynn will invoke his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination. Whether he has something worthy of a trade for immunity is a separate matter. In other words, some folks are willing to say that they’re eager to talk to Congress, and others are warning that they’ll clam up real tight if called or subpoenaed to testify. Flynn is in the latter camp, and for obvious reasons. If he was ever in any doubt about it, he now knows with a certainty that he’s been the subject of a multiagency counterintelligence investigation since at least July of last year. He’s seen the allegations made against him in the Steele dossier. If those things weren’t terrifying enough, he apparently was “less then forthcoming” with the FBI when they questioned him about the content of his communications with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. It’s also increasingly clear that even if the Intelligence Community and, in particular, the CIA didn’t see him as potential turncoat and Putin-controlled mole, he attempted to make war on them and lost. His legal vulnerabilities are therefore huge and his enemies determined, which makes it less than helpful that he’s been caught dead to rights failing to report payments from the Russian government for his travel to Moscow to meet with and fête Vladimir Putin, nor to divulge that he was taking money from Turkey and was therefore serving as an agent of a foreign power. One might imagine that he’s committed perjury by paperwork on these issues as he got himself cleared to work as Trump’s National Security Adviser. And then there’s the possibility that he could actually be prosecuted for conspiracy to commit kidnapping, which he had the lack of foresight to engage in in the presence of a former director of the Central Intelligence Agency. Former Central Intelligence Agency Director James Woolsey told CNN Friday that former Trump National Security Adviser Michael Flynn met with representatives of the Turkish government in 2016 and discussed potential ways to send a foe of Turkey’s president back to face charges in that country, As a representative of his consulting firm, Flynn Intel Group, Flynn met with senior representatives of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s government in September 2016, Woolsey said. Woolsey was a Trump campaign adviser at the time and attended the meeting, but said he arrived after it was already well underway. Woolsey claims that those present discussed sending Fethullah Gulen, a Muslim leader who Erdogan has accused of being behind a failed military coup to overthrow him, back to Turkey to face charges — possibly outside the legal US extradition system. “What I saw and heard was sort of the end of the conversation — it’s not entirely clear what transpired because of that,” Woolsey said on “CNN Tonight” with Don Lemon. “But it looks as if there was at least some strong suggestion by one or more of the Americans present at the meeting that we would be able, the United States would be able, through them, to be able to get hold of Gulen, the rival for Turkey’s political situation.” If a president could be impeached for lack of judgment, Trump’s decision to name Flynn as his National Security Adviser would be sufficient to remove him from power. It’s hard to gauge how crippling it would be to the administration for Flynn to discuss all of his criminal and potentially criminal activities in front of Congress. And that’s before he might divulge anything about Trump or his campaign or any coordination with the Russians. Needless to say, if the FBI wants Flynn to talk, they have enough potential jail time to wave in front of him to make him sing like a canary. The question is, can Flynn help them enough in their counterintelligence investigation to make it worth trading away a bunch of convictions, some of which would be very easy to prove? Some people have suggested that only by implicating Trump could he give the FBI a bigger scalp, but the FBI’s interest in understanding the facts and the scope and the nature of Russia’s tactics could be enough of an enticement to get them to talk about immunity. If that would tend to exonerate or vindicate Trump, it might still be good enough. However, with so much criminal liability, Flynn won’t want to commit more perjury. So, either he’s going to keep quiet and take his medicine or he’s going to tell what he knows. And that can’t be a comfort to Team Trump. If he were insanely lucky, me might trick Congress into immunizing him against prosecution the same way that Congress inadvertently immunized Oliver North and John Poindexter against prosecution. I could definitely see Rep. Devin Nunes being a willing collaborator in that effort. But, that would still involve him testifying before Congress about everything, which could also destroy the Trump administration even if it saved Flynn’s hide. And, in any case, Nunes can’t give Flynn immunity unilaterally. The best case for Trump is that Flynn invokes the Fifth Amendment and goes to jail without doing them any further damage. And he might do that if he can’t cut a deal. Of course, a plea bargain may be the best he can negotiate, since there are so many looming charges against him. So, no, the fact that Flynn has sought immunity doesn’t mean that he’s about to drop a dime on President Trump. But it does mean that Trump’s presidency is in a world of trouble. Martin Longman Martin Longman is the web editor for the Washington Monthly and the main blogger at Booman Tribune. Related Posts Gage Skidmore/Flickr Anatomy of a Cover-Up by Nancy LeTourneau March 31, 2017 3:48 PM A timeline of the attempts by Republicans to mask Trump's Russia ties. Zio Fabio/Flickr The White House’s Nunes Gambit Failed by Martin Longman March 29, 2017 12:30 PM The controversy surrounding his missteps has only added attention to the investigation. Gage Skidmore/Flickr Sean Spicer Isn't Taking the Russia Issue Seriously by Martin Longman March 28, 2017 3:45 PM He's hoping the public won't either. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Popular Political Animal Blog The White House’s Nunes Gambit Failed by Martin Longman March 29, 2017 12:30 PM The controversy surrounding his missteps has only added attention to the investigation. Political Animal Blog Quick Takes: Will Trump Face a Government Shutdown On His 100th Day? by Nancy LeTourneau March 27, 2017 6:07 PM * While we’ve all been focused on the disaster of... Politics The Return of McCarthyism by James Bruno March 31, 2017 This time the intelligence community is the target. Politics Judge Gorsuch and What Could Have Been by Thomas Geoghegan March 28, 2017 Since the 1970s, I spent my career hoping to one day witness the return of a liberal Supreme Court. Now I’ll never have the chance. Political Animal Blog How a Tricky Tactic by Congressional Republicans Destroyed Trump’s Agenda by Martin Longman March 27, 2017 1:01 PM The double budget resolution gambit blew up in his face. Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up Donate Subscribe Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up The Magazine Group Current Issue Past Issues Group Political Animal Blog Politics 2016 College Guide and Rankings Economy Government Education K-12 Higher Education Law and Justice Health Care Books Group Republic 3.0 Special Reports Successes of Philanthropy Column 2 About Advertise Contact Careers Privacy Policy © 2017 Washington Monthly.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News What’s Next for NVIDIA? After soaring 230% in 2016, shares of NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) advanced just 2% this year. Optimism seemingly peaked for several reasons — the company’s valuation, the expiration of its cross-licensing deal with Intel, and growing competition from AMD (NASDAQ: AMD) and Qualcomm  in the GPU and automotive chip markets. That’s why analysts expect NVIDIA’s revenue and non-GAAP earnings to respectively grow 16% and 10% this year, compared to 38% sales growth and 83% earnings growth in fiscal 2017. However, investors shouldn’t ignore four other key areas in which NVIDIA is expanding — AI, driverless cars, gaming consoles, and smart homes. NVIDIA’s high-end GTX 1080 Ti. Image source: NVIDIA. More AI partnerships Over the past few years, NVIDIA’s high-end Tesla GPUs have been installed alongside data center CPUs to boost their machine-learning capabilities. In late 2015, Facebook installed NVIDIA’s Tesla M40 GPUs in Big Sur, an  open source computing platform for AI and machine-learning tasks. IBM (NYSE: IBM)  offers Tesla GPUs to cloud-based enterprise clients. Big Blue claims that pairing Tesla K80 GPUs with its own Power CPUs helped its  Watson AI platform answer questions 1.7 times faster. IBM and NVIDIA are also installing Power8 CPUs paired with Tesla P100 GPUs in  two new supercomputers for the U.S. Department of Energy. NVIDIA also recently launched a hyperscale GPU accelerator blueprint with Microsoft , which is designed to boost the tech giant’s cloud-based AI computing capabilities. These partnerships will all strengthen its data center business, which posted 205% annual sales growth last quarter and  accounted for 14% of its top line. New driverless deals NVIDIA gained a first-mover’s advantage in the automotive chip market because its Tegra mobile processors delivered better graphics, 3D navigation, and audio for infotainment systems than older custom processors. NVIDIA expanded upon that foundation with Drive PX, a Tegra X1-powered computer that controls the ADAS (advanced driver assistance systems) for automatic braking and lane changes. It followed that up with Drive PX 2, a platform which is  40 times faster and enables fully autonomous driving. NVIDIA’s autonomous Roborace vehicle. Image source: NVIDIA. Leading high-end automakers like Tesla Motors and Audi are already using NVIDIA’s technology, but the chipmaker continues scoring big wins  in this market. It partnered with Baidu , HERE, and TomTom to develop cloud-to-car mapping platforms, partnered with Bosch to create a driving supercomputer called Xavier, and recently unveiled a proof-of-concept autonomous truck with Paccar . These moves will keep boosting its automotive revenues, which rose 38% annually last quarter and accounted for 6% of its top line. The Nintendo Switch AMD shut NVIDIA out of the console market by providing custom APUs for the PS4 and Xbox One, as well as the GPU for Nintendo ‚s(NASDAQOTH: NTDOY) Wii U. Sales of those chips played a big part in the chipmaker’s incredible comeback over the past year. However, Nintendo unexpectedly used NVIDIA’s Tegra X1 for  its new hybrid Switch console. That decision was likely based on the fact that NVIDIA’s lesser-known SHIELD tablet, which also used a Tegra X1, was based on the same idea — converting a gaming tablet to a home console. Considering how  strong the initial demand for the Switch has been, other console makers may consider launching similar hybrid devices powered by Tegra mobile processors. That demand would then complement Tegra’s growth in the connected car market. Nintendo’s Switch. Image source: Nintendo. Smart homes Earlier this year, NVIDIA introduced Spot , a $50 golf  ball-sized microphone that can be plugged into any electrical socket to sync with NVIDIA’s SHIELD TV set-top box and control smart home devices. The device accomplishes this by syncing with Alphabet’ s Google Assistant and Samsung ‚s SmartThings platform. On its own, the Spot seems like just another attempt to jump on the home automation bandwagon. However, it could also be an attempt to establish connections between its Tegra-powered vehicles, SHIELD devices, and smart home devices tethered to Google or Samsung’s ecosystems. We won’t really know until NVIDIA makes more moves, but it will be interesting to see if it can benefit from the growth of the smart home market. The key takeaways For now, NVIDIA investors should mainly focus on the growing competition in the GPU and automotive CPU markets. AMD’s next-gen Vega GPUs could hurt sales of its current-gen Pascal GPUs, and two upcoming acquisitions — Qualcomm’s takeover of NXP Semiconductors and Intel’s takeover of Mobileye — could tilt the balance of the automotive chipmaking market. But looking ahead, NVIDIA’s growing presence in AI, driverless cars, gaming consoles, and smart homes could all help it become known as much more than a gaming GPU maker in the long run. Find out why Nvidia is one of the 10 best stocks to buy now Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. (In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market!*) Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now. Nvidia is on the list — but there are nine others you may be overlooking. Click here to get access to the full list! *Stock Advisor returns as of February 6, 2017 Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Leo Sun owns shares of Baidu and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Baidu, Facebook, Nvidia, Paccar, Qualcomm, and Tesla. The Motley Fool recommends Intel and NXP Semiconductors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Don’t Let These Mistakes Take a Bite Out of Your Retirement Savings Next PostNext 3 Hacks I Used to Pay My Tax Bill Search Recent Posts Over 5,000 expected to attend NWSL Seattle Reign FC vs. UCLA Bruins Women’s soccer on April 4th Gossan Grants Stock Options CipherLoc Announces Collaboration with Northern Arizona University Inertial Measurement Units in Global Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends & Forecast 2017-2022 Fire Up Your Taste Buds with Crown Maple and Horseshoe Brand Collaboration Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME NEWS Channels Archive DOWNLOADS New Downloads Categories Archive GAME REVIEWS ARTICLES Rig of the Month Join ROTM PC Buyers Guide Guru3D VGA Charts Editorials Dated content HARDWARE REVIEWS Videocards Processors Audio Motherboards Memory and Flash SSD Storage Chassis Media Players Power Supply Laptop and Mobile Smartphone Networking Keyboard Mouse Cooling Search articles Knowledgebase More Categories FORUMS NEWSLETTER CONTACT New Reviews AMD Ryzen 7 Memory And Tweaking Analysis review Cooler Master MasterCase Pro 6 review ASUS ROG Strix GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Review Guru3D Rig of the Month - March 2017 GeForce GTX 1080 Ti FCAT Frametime Analysis Review MSI GTX 1080 Ti GAMING X Review Gigabyte Aorus AX370 Gaming 5 review ASUS Crosshair VI Hero Review MSI GeForce GTX 1070 Aero ITX OC Review Corsair Vengeance RGB DDR4 memory review New Downloads AIDA64 Download version 5.90 Prime95 download version 29.1 3DMark Download v.2.3.3663 + Time Spy AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.3.3 driver download GeForce 378.92 WHQL driver download Display Driver Uninstaller Download version 17.0.6.1 AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.3.2 driver download GPU-Z Download 1.18.0 GeForce 378.78 WHQL driver download HWiNFO64 Download v5.46 New Forum Topics Cemu, a potent WiiU emulator The AMD Ryzen All In One Tread /Overclocking/Memory Speeds & Timings/Tweaking/Cooling Guide: AMD Ryzen 7 Memory And Tweaking Analysis The Witcher 3 Official Thread (Pt.4) Mass Effect: Andromeda Buffalo Europe announces series of unmanaged 10GbE network switches ASUS Republic of Gamers Announces Latest Gaming Lineup Radeon RX 550 - 570 and 580 Getting Listed The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild When do you think phones will hit a new level? Guru3D.com » Review » Cooler Master MasterCase Pro 6 review Cooler Master MasterCase Pro 6 review Posted by: Hilbert Hagedoorn on: 04/03/2017 09:30 AM [ 1 comment(s) ] We review the new Cooler Master MasterCase Pro 6, a PC chassis that oozes features and style, but also was designed to mod and alter your chassis and transform it into something you value. The basics of the chassis are gorgeous to look at and has space for full size ATX motherboards.  Read article Advertisement Tagged as: cooler master « AMD Ryzen 7 1700 Review · Cooler Master MasterCase Pro 6 review · MSI GeForce GTX 1070 Aero ITX OC Review » Fyew-jit-tiv Maha Guru Posts: 829 Posted on: 04/03/2017 09:46 AM Nice case but.. the hand bag, really? Post New Comment Click here to post a comment for this article on the message forum. Guru3D.com » Articles » Cooler Master MasterCase Pro 6 review Guru3D.com © 2017
Home Solution Provider Distribution Vendor Security Cloud People M&A Tech trends Mobility matters Events Resources 2112 hub Newsletters Sign in Events Upcoming events Channelnomics Conference MSP, New York As the MSP market is maturing & competition is increasing, it’s critical to stand out. But what is it that makes a world class managed service provider? Join us at Channelnomics MSP as we shed light on the future of the US managed services industry. Date: 26 Apr 2017 The Park Lane Hotel 36 Central Park South New York, New York 10019, New York Channelnomics Conference Security, Chicago Keeping up with a security landscape that has evolved quickly and continues to increase in complexity is becoming a real challenge for channel firms. Our event will shed light on the most significant challenges and suggest possible strategies for overcoming the most pressing issues. Date: 21 Jun 2017 Metropolitan Club 233 South Wacker Drive Willis Tower, 66th Floor Chicago, Illinois, Chicago Channelnomics Conference MSP, San Diego As the MSP market is maturing & competition is increasing, it’s critical to stand out. But what is it that makes a world class managed service provider? Join us at Channelnomics MSP as we shed light on the future of the US managed services industry. Date: 21 Sep 2017 TBC San Diego, California, San Diego Channelnomics Cloud Conference New York Join us for this one day event to hear about what lies ahead and what strategies you can use to grow your business, streamline cloud operations and maximize profits. Meet leading industry vendors to find out about the latest technologies and network with fellow industry professionals. Date: 07 Dec 2017 New York View all events Follow our events Sign up to receive email alerts about our eventsSign up Resources Five technology trends you can't afford to ignore Why does cloud computing matter? What else can I do to attract SMB clients to my business? Should I be offering digital security as part of my services? The answers to these questions, and more, lie tucked away in this guide. Ready to get started? Download your free copy today. Download 10 hidden costs of quoting with spreadsheets Many companies shy away from investing in professional quote and proposal automation platforms, maintaining that tried-and-true spreadsheet programs are the way forward. Unfortunately, spreadsheets weren't designed for quoting, but a purpose-built solution for quoting has arrived… Download Sign in   You are currently accessing Channelnomics.com via your Enterprise account. If you already have an account please use the link below to sign in. If you have any problems with your access or would like to request an individual access account please contact our customer service team. Phone: +44 (0) 1858 438800 Email: [email protected] Sign in   Newsletters Account details Contact support Sign out   Follow us RSS Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters Facebook Register 2112 hub Channelnomics.com Home Solution Provider Distribution Vendor Security Cloud People M&A Tech trends Mobility matters   You are currently accessing Channelnomics.com via your Enterprise account. If you already have an account please use the link below to sign in. If you have any problems with your access or would like to request an individual access account please contact our customer service team. Phone: +44 (0) 1858 438800 Email: [email protected] Sign in   Newsletters Account details Contact support Sign out   Vendor Red Hat SDS business to become less direct Executives discuss moving away from predominantly direct model Scharon Harding 03 April 2017 Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   0 Comments Red Hat is looking to grow the amount of storage business that goes through its channel, Channelnomics heard during the Red Hat North American Partner Conference in Las Vegas, NV last week. In an interview with Channelnomics during the event, Sarangan Rangachari, VP of Red Hat's strategic business unit, said that while the vendor doesn't share how much of its storage business goes through the channel, business in this space has been "predominantly" direct so far and the vendor is looking to develop alternative routes to market. Related articles Red Hat SDS business to become less direct SDS the trend to watch in storage - Red Hat Partner Enablement Heart of Red Hat Agenda Channelnomics' top five stories of the week - 10 April 2015 "As a company…I think 60-something percent comes from alternative routes to market, so we want to align with that," he told Channelnomics. On Tuesday, Red Hat announced the accreditation of over 20 resellers in North America around its software-defined storage offerings, Red Hat Ceph Storage and Red Hat Gluster Storage - a move that began in November 2015. These resellers join alliance partners like Cisco, Dell EMC, Intel, Samsung Semiconductor and more, Red Hat said. According to Ben Cherian, director of channel partnerships and alliances at Red Hat, there's no limit to how many partners the vendor will work with in this space, but its first priority will be the resellers recently announced. "We recognize that in order to be able to really scale a business out, we need to do a lot more work in the channel. We need to have reasonable deal-flow coming from channel partners as well, because we just don't have the ability internally to continue the momentum we're doing all on our own," Cherian told Channelnomics during last week's event. "So it's a key part of strategy for us to grow - to utilize these partners, and not just utilize them but work with these guys closely, make sure we're solving problems together and also jointly helping them market...and other things partners look for, such as deal registrations and leads." In terms of how Red Hat sees an SDS channel, Cherian said the vendor's channel will look different to those of the traditional storage vendors, noting the resellers announced last week include large players like WWT and CDW, as well as much smaller partners specialized in point solutions. "The traditional storage [partner] is not exactly who we're going after, [nor] who is coming to us. We're going after people that understand cloud solutions and people who are deploying [Red Hat's open source PaaS offering] OpenShift and OpenStack. And they need to have some sort of storage... So they're deploying OpenShift and they're interested in Gluster [and] Ceph as a platform," Cherian said. "And then there are some that are interested in scalable object storage from a standalone perspective or scale out file from a standalone perspective…[it's] not just traditional partners. Some are folks that understand storage, but for the most part it's people that [understand] this new world of storage, where you're not just applying a box and flipping it on and getting it to work, you're putting together components to make best-of-breed solutions that can scale out," the channel chief said. "And these are partners that also understand the operational complexity - it's a different breed of partner than you would normally see in the storage world," he added. And while Cherian said partners are finally starting to "define" SDS and understand how it fits into their portfolio, he acknowledges it will take time for Red Hat's channel to thrive in the SDS market. "With any technology it takes time - even if we brought in sales people internally, it takes six to nine months before they really get where everything fits," the exec noted. "And so it takes effort, energy and education and all of that before it really starts moving. We know this is the first volley in the game," he said. Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   Topics Vendor Storage Solution Provider Channel Business Red Hat Software-defined storage (SDS) storage Solution provider Channel business vendor Cloud OpenStack More on Vendor Vendor Toshiba facing more uncertainty as third earnings deadline in question - report 03 Apr Vendor Dell PCs hit six-year high 31 Mar Vendor Red Hat CEO calls on channel in emerging tech push 29 Mar Vendor Digital transformation: Don't wear it out 29 Mar Vendor Red Hat: We're giving VMware a 'run for its money' in virtualization 28 Mar Research Microsoft research claims big opportunities in hybrid cloud implementation, managed services 23 Mar Vendor NetApp CEO: 'Urgency' was needed to address business two years ago 22 Mar Research HPE, Cisco, Dell EMC lead pack in cloud infrastructure sales 21 Mar More news Today's channel rundown - 3 April 2017 Daily tech news and analysis channel partners need to know now, including social media's exposure, automation's industrial growth, DXC's debut and more Channel Business 03 April 2017 Toshiba facing more uncertainty as third earnings deadline in question - report Dell shareholder, Apple, Amazon and Google all said to be in the frame as semiconductor business suitors Vendor 03 April 2017 Red Hat SDS business to become less direct Executives discuss moving away from predominantly direct model Vendor 03 April 2017 Today's channel rundown - 31 March 2017 Daily tech news and analysis channel partners need to know now, including Jabra's speaker, BlackBerry's lift, Microsoft IIS's exposure and more Channel Business 31 March 2017 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Back to Top Most read Cyber attacks set stage for massive 2017 cyber security spend Red Hat: We're giving VMware a 'run for its money' in virtualization Digital transformation: Don't wear it out Red Hat CEO calls on channel in emerging tech push SonicWall takes glass-half-full approach to security Contact Us Marketing solutions About Incisive Media Terms and conditions Privacy and Cookie policy RSS Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters Facebook © Incisive Media Investments Limited 2015 Channelnomics is a licensed brand of The 2112 Strategy Group, LLC © Founder Emeritus - Lawrence M Walsh; Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited, Published by Incisive Business Media Limited, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX. Companies registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 9177174 & 9178013. Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Silicon Photonics Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Silicon photonics is the study and application of photonic systems which use silicon as an optical medium.The silicon is usually patterned with sub-micrometre precision, into microphotonic components.These operate in the infrared, most commonly at the 1.55 micrometre wavelength used by most fiber optic telecommunication systems.[6] The silicon typically lies on top of a layer of silica in what (by analogy with a similar construction in microelectronics) is known as silicon on insulator (SOI). Scope of the Global Silicon Photonics Market Report This report focuses on the Silicon Photonicsin Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-silicon-photonics-market-by-manufacturers-countries-type-and-application-forecast-to-2022 . This report covers Analysis of Global Silicon Photonics Market Segment by Manufacturers Mellanox technologies Intel Corporation Luxtera Inc IBM Corporation Molex Inc Cisco Systems Hamamatsu Photonics STMicroelectronics Infinera Corporation Finisar Corporation Luxtera Inc DAS Photonics Aurrion Inc. Global Silicon Photonics Market Segment by regional analysis covers  North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.) Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Request a Sample of this Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/220702 . Global Silicon Photonics Market Segment by Types Optical Waveguides Optical Modulators Photodetectors Wavelength-Division Multiplexing (WDM) Filters Global Silicon Photonics Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into  IT & Telecommunications Consumer Electronics Healthcare & Life Sciences Defense and Security Commercial Others Some of the Points cover in Global Silicon Photonics Market Research Report is: Chapter 1: Describe Silicon Photonics Industry Introduction, Product Scope, Market Overview, Market Opportunities, Market Risk, Market Driving Force Chapter 2: To analyze the top manufacturers of Silicon Photonics Industry in 2016 and 2017 Sales Revenue and price Chapter 3: Competitive analysis among the top manufacturers in 2016 and 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 4: Global Silicon Photonics Market by regions from 2012 to 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 5, 6, 7 and 8: Global Silicon Photonics Market by key countries in these regions Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 9 and 10: Global Silicon Photonics Market by type and application from 2012 to 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Growth rate Chapter 11: Silicon Photonics Industry Market forecast from 2017 to 2022 Regions Type and application with sales and revenue Chapter 12 and 13: Silicon Photonics Industry Sales channel Distributors Traders and dealers Appendix Data source For more press releases visit @ http://orbisnewsrelease.com . About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients.  Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 CategoriesUncategorized TagsChemicals, Global Silicon Photonics Market, global silicon photonics market 2017, global silicon photonics market 2017-2022 forecast, Google News, Industry Analysis, Orbis Research, Silicon Photonics Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious DNA Connect Partners with PacketLight Networks Next PostNext Sidhartha Probiotics Finally Launches Its Premium Quality Probiotic Supplements in India Posted on 3 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Silicon Photonics Industry Global Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Silicon photonics is the study and application of photonic systems which use silicon as an optical medium.The silicon is usually patterned with sub-micrometre precision, into microphotonic components.These operate in the infrared, most commonly at the 1.55 micrometre wavelength used by most fiber optic telecommunication systems.[6] The silicon typically lies on top of a layer of silica in what (by analogy with a similar construction in microelectronics) is known as silicon on insulator (SOI). Scope of the Global Silicon Photonics Market Report This report focuses on the Silicon Photonicsin Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-silicon-photonics-market-by-manufacturers-countries-type-and-application-forecast-to-2022 . This report covers Analysis of Global Silicon Photonics Market Segment by Manufacturers Mellanox technologies Intel Corporation Luxtera Inc IBM Corporation Molex Inc Cisco Systems Hamamatsu Photonics STMicroelectronics Infinera Corporation Finisar Corporation Luxtera Inc DAS Photonics Aurrion Inc. Global Silicon Photonics Market Segment by regional analysis covers  North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.) Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Request a Sample of this Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/220702 . Global Silicon Photonics Market Segment by Types Optical Waveguides Optical Modulators Photodetectors Wavelength-Division Multiplexing (WDM) Filters Global Silicon Photonics Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into  IT & Telecommunications Consumer Electronics Healthcare & Life Sciences Defense and Security Commercial Others Some of the Points cover in Global Silicon Photonics Market Research Report is: Chapter 1: Describe Silicon Photonics Industry Introduction, Product Scope, Market Overview, Market Opportunities, Market Risk, Market Driving Force Chapter 2: To analyze the top manufacturers of Silicon Photonics Industry in 2016 and 2017 Sales Revenue and price Chapter 3: Competitive analysis among the top manufacturers in 2016 and 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 4: Global Silicon Photonics Market by regions from 2012 to 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 5, 6, 7 and 8: Global Silicon Photonics Market by key countries in these regions Sales Revenue and market share Chapter 9 and 10: Global Silicon Photonics Market by type and application from 2012 to 2017 Sales Revenue and market share Growth rate Chapter 11: Silicon Photonics Industry Market forecast from 2017 to 2022 Regions Type and application with sales and revenue Chapter 12 and 13: Silicon Photonics Industry Sales channel Distributors Traders and dealers Appendix Data source For more press releases visit @ http://orbisnewsrelease.com . About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients.  Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 CategoriesUncategorized TagsChemicals, Global Silicon Photonics Market, global silicon photonics market 2017, global silicon photonics market 2017-2022 forecast, Google News, Industry Analysis, Orbis Research, Silicon Photonics Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious DNA Connect Partners with PacketLight Networks Next PostNext Sidhartha Probiotics Finally Launches Its Premium Quality Probiotic Supplements in India Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources Lawyer Wins Skirmish in War Over Pinterest Concept Andrew Denney New York Law Journal CONTINUE Weird Science: Man Wants to Marry His Computer, and Judge Doesn’t Say No (Yet) Thomas Phillips Law.Com Trust a Roadblock for Ex-Energy Attorneys Seeking to Switch Sides Miriam Rozen Texas Lawyer Lawyers Mobilize as Trump Wages War on Regulations C. Ryan Barber and Cheryl Miller The National Law Journal Sidley, Bay Area Boutique Among Top Baseball Billers Brian Baxter The American Lawyer Leaving Big Law: Who’s Going, Why They’re Walking, and How They’re Doing It › In-Depth Analysis Law Firm Spinoffs an Option as Lawyers Look to Go Lean By David Gialanella and Zack Needles|The Legal Intelligencer In-Depth Analysis When Leaving Big Law, the Financial Struggle Is Real News A Quick Turnaround for a Morgan Lewis Lateral Cravath Partner Allen Parker Is Named Wells Fargo GC Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL NEWS Federal Judge OKs $25 Million Trump U Settlement Amanda Bronstad The Recorder Opinion: Legal Service Corp. Funding is Critical to Justice for All Eve Runyon Law.Com Jeff Sessions Swipes Calif. Chief Justice for Accusing Feds of 'Stalking' Immigrants Cheryl Miller The Recorder Covington's Robert Kelner, Navigating the 'Wild West,' Pushes Michael Flynn Deal C. Ryan Barber The National Law Journal CMS, Nabarro and Olswang to pay out £250,000 as 25 trainees agree to defer TC start dates Anna Ward Legal Week Investment Fund Fires Morgan Lewis for 'Enabling' Trump With Ethics Advice Roy Strom The American Lawyer Giuliani, Mukasey Play Mysterious Roles in Case of Turkish Trader Andrew Denney New York Law Journal Popular     Investment Fund Fires Morgan Lewis for 'Enabling' Trump With Ethics Advice If It’s a New Law Dean, It’s Likely a Woman CMS, Nabarro and Olswang to pay out £250,000 as 25 trainees agree to defer TC start dates Underestimate Harvard’s New Admissions Strategy at Your Own Risk Big Law Rainmakers Spill Their Secrets PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas The Science and Magic of Content Marketing Adam Kosloff Planning for Digital Assets Wendy S. Goffe, Kim Kamin and Deborah J. Tedford Industry Insights: A Healthy Demand for Lawyering in the Health Insurance Sector Kristen Rasmussen and Gina Passarella MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS Flash update: trade compliance This week has seen two important developments in relation to the UK and EU legal and regulatory framework governing trade with Iran and Russia. Download New monetary penalty regime for breach of financial sanctions A new regime in the UK for punishing individuals or businesses that breach financial sanctions comes into force from 1 April. This briefing examines the detail. Download The UK Modern Slavery Act: one year on Any organisation that provides goods or services, that generates a turnover in excess of £36 million and that carries on any part of its business in the UK, now has to produce an annual Transparency Statement. Download California lawsuit highlights antitrust exposure related to hiring and compensation A recently filed class action lawsuit serves as an important reminder that employers can face scrutiny under antitrust law through civil litigation brought by their employees. Download FINRA proposal to allow broker-dealers to distribute predictive illustrations Amendment to FINRA Communications Rule would put member firms on a more equal footing with investment advisers. Download Kentucy Court dodges "Drone Slayer" A recent decision in the infamous "Drone Slayer" case leaves many questions unanswered, including the critical question of whether air over one's land is public or private airspace. Download Artificial intelligence: patentability of an interface between the human brain and a computer Major Silicon Valley tech companies are rolling out their own AI projects. This briefing looks at the patentability of such projects. Download California approves new regulation to reduce methane emissions from oil and gas facilities The California Air Resources Board has approved a new stringent regulation to curb methane emissions from oil and gas operations in California. Download Employment essentials: March 2017's top 5 Gowling WLG's employment, labour & equalities experts bring you the latest top five employment law developments that may affect your business. Download Brexit: Jurisdiction and Enforcement - all change? The UK has formally triggered Article 50. It is expected that most EU laws will be transferred into our legislative framework but what does this mean for businesses? Download PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Using Background Checks to Hire and Retain Employees Litigation in Twitter Nation: When You Can and Can’t Tweet in #Court Minimizing Distraction: Jurors in the Age of Technology A Constitutional Checklist Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, Suite 820, New York, NY 10279 347-983-1764 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Ohio Innocence Project Handed $15 Million Donation When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
null
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review Phone Reviews Samsung Galaxy A5 & A7: Australian Review Huawei Mate 9: Australian Review Oppo R9s: Australian Review Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews North Face Access Pack: Australian Review Building The IKEA Bike Is A Pain Worth Suffering Through Samsung Powerbot VR9300 Robot Vacuum Cleaner: Australian Review DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews A New Documentary About The Muppets Shows Why Almost Everyone Loves Them Review: Like Its Star, The LEGO Batman Movie Tries Way Too Hard To Be Cool The Power Rangers Movie Doesn't Actually Want To Be A Power Rangers Movie Life Is The Next Great Leap Forward For Science Fiction Horror A New Documentary About The Muppets Shows Why Almost Everyone Loves Them HP Spectre x360 (15-inch): The Gizmodo Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Review: Like Its Star, The LEGO Batman Movie Tries Way Too Hard To Be Cool Smart Home & Gadgets Gizmodo's Guide To Every Nerf Blaster You Can Buy In Australia We're Living In The Real Golden Age Of Vinyl Music Five Cool Things You Can Do With Your Nerf Blasters US Cops Just Got One Step Closer To Killing People By Drone Mobile And Here Are Some Samsung Galaxy S8 Accessories For You To Buy Australian Scientists Are Developing An App To Help Deaf Children Speak Pre-Order Your Galaxy S8 And You Might Get It Early Here's Even More Samsung Galaxy S8 Plans For Your Pre-Order Dollars Car Tech The 2018 Ford Mustang Can See In The Dark The Tale Of Longhorn Speedway, The Forgotten Ghost Track In The Shadow Of Circuit Of The Americas Here's The Dumbest Shit You've Ever Modded Your Cars With The Old Honda NSX R And The New Honda NSX Could Not Be More Different Online Warning: Look Out For Scammers In The Cyclone Debbie Aftermath Verizon To Fuse AOL And Yahoo Together To Create 'Oath' How To Make Your Social Media Accounts As Private As Possible Place Was The Internet, In All Its Glory Science & Health Future Teens Will Probably Have Better Fake IDs Than We Did This New Amber Discovery Is Like The Start Of Jurassic Park But With Ancient Monkeys Did North Korea Show Off Its Ability To Make A Hydrogen Bomb With An Online Ad? Delicious Maple Syrup Enlisted In Bitter Fight Against Antibiotic Resistance Cameras Who Needs CGI? Photographer Builds His Own Slick, Miniature Scenes Carrying A Flying Camera Drone Results In Some Beautifully Stabilised Shots Rediscovered 1920s Home Movies Are The First To Show The White House In Colour This Nest Security Flaw Is Remarkably Stupid Computing Someone Finally Hijacked Deep Learning Tech To Create More Than Nightmares Ask Gizmodo: What Monitor Should I Buy? Deals: This Microsoft Office Mastery Bundle Is Over 95% Off Norway Gets A Second Doomsday Vault That Stores Data Gaming Big Trouble In Little China: The Game Looks Fan-Freaking-Tastic Superman Isn't The Only Bad Guy In Injustice 2 It's The Guardians Vs. Thanos In The First Trailer For Telltale's Guardians Of The Galaxy Game 'Monument Valley' Developers Just Released An Interactive Meditation App Entertainment The Original Ending Of Alien Was Both Terrifying And A Huge Bummer How Spider-Man: Homecoming Will Distinguish Itself From The Other Spider-Man Movies iZombie's 10 Best Brains There's An X-Files Children's Book Coming So Your Kids Can Fall In Love With Mulder And Scully Too Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment We're Living In The Real Golden Age Of Vinyl Music What Role Will Gas Play In Australia By 2050? Tesla Is Worth More Than Ford How To Make Your Social Media Accounts As Private As Possible HP Spectre x360 (15-inch): The Gizmodo Review Christina Warren Apr 3, 2017, 1:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  computing reviews convertible laptops feature hp ig laptop & tablet reviews review reviews windows laptops x360 Share After spending some time with HP's redesigned 15-inch Spectre x360, it seems to me the company's recipe for clawing its way back into the hearts of the people should have been obvious all along: lots of power and features in an attractive package for less money than the competition. Duh. AU Editor's Note: The 2017 version of the HP Spectre x360 is set to be launched in Australia in the coming weeks. We'll update this review with its relevant Australian pricing as soon as we know it! — Cam HP has had a rough few years. The only thing we've really liked from the company recently was its $US200 Windows laptop, which despite being total garbage, was garbage at a price that was impossible to ignore. Meanwhile, the company keeps trying to do weird concepts like the HP Sprout, that scanner PC with no mouse, or last year's "luxurious" Spectre. When it's come time to recommend Windows PCs for regular users, Dell's XPS line is almost always our recommendation, and HP is rarely part of the conversation. Which is why I'm so impressed with the x360, a very good 15-inch Windows laptop that comes at a very good price. An amazing price really. The model I reviewed has a 4K screen, Intel Kaby Lake i7500 i7 CPU, 16GB of RAM, Nvidia 940MX discrete graphics, and a 512GB SSD. Those are top-notch guts, but the computer sells for just $US1500 — several hundred dollars less than similar configurations from Dell or Apple. You can even special order a version with a smaller hard drive and less RAM for $US1300, if you've really got to pinch pennies when picking up a high-quality 15-inch laptop. This isn't a slim laptop. It doesn't feel overly bulky, but it's definitely thicker than an old MacBook Pro or the Dell XPS 15. More impressive than the price is the fact that the laptop is actually a pleasure to use. The new x360 has a handsome design with a much smaller bezel than last year's model. It's also got an aluminium body that manages to feel svelte despite being a tad thicker than its predecessor. It's gained the extra thickness to pack in a larger battery, which gave me 10 hours of mixed usage at 70-per cent brightness. You'll notice at this point that I haven't said much about the x360's convertible screen. The "360" part is actually the least interesting feature of the laptop. Sure, you can fold it over and use it with its included pen as a gigantic arse tablet, but in practice, this isn't what makes it worth your money. The laptop isn't all good, though. I'm annoyed that HP added row of function keys to right side of the keyboard. As a touch typist, I felt myself off by a letter, which was extremely frustrating. The good news is, you'll get used to the extra keys. The bad news is it will take a few days. The keyboard, is a departure for HP and actually great to type on, except for those extra function keys on the right. Fortunately, the rest of the laptop experience is very good. I like that the x360 has two USB-C ports, an HDMI port, a regular USB, and an SD card slot, because it means I didn't have to grab an adaptor when I needed to charge my phone. The screen, which works with either your finger or the included pen, is absolutely gorgeous and responsive. The display's colours are bright, and image quality was crisp and clear while playing both Civ VI or watching videos on Netflix. The stylus isn't as good as the experience you'll get on a Surface Pro or Surface Book, because it feels just a little more basic and its internals aren't as advanced, but it was able to keep up with my doodles and handwritten entries with ease. In fact, the whole computer keeps up with most of my processing demands. I never felt like the laptop was dragging — whether I was running Gizmodo's Photoshop test, or chatting on Skype or tempting fate and leaving two web browsers with dozens of tabs open. This isn't going to be as beefy as a quad-core computer you could buy from Dell or Apple, but you're also paying at least $US300 less, so it might not matter. Traditionally, going cheaper means sacrificing build and quality, but HP is proving that you can still get a lot of really good computer for a really low prices. If you're looking for a 15-inch laptop that won't break the bank, has a great screen, decent port selection, and costs under $US1500 the HP x360 should definitely be on your list. Find out more at HP Australia. README: The extra function keys on the side of the keyboard is annoying, but the keys themselves feel great This isn't a small laptop. It's thicker and longer than the XPS 15 and the 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, but it never feels bulky. The screen is gorgeous and the touch screen is responsive. The discrete graphics are a nice touch, especially at this price, but don't expect to do any serious gaming on this thing. In addition to the ports, a USB-C to Ethernet and USB-C to USB-A dongle was included in the box. That's nice. Only one of the USB-C ports is backed by Thunderbolt 3, which limits some of the expandability. The charger is USB-C. Use the non-Thunderbolt port for max performance for other stuff. Comments hoi_polloi @hoi_polloi Feb 8, 2017, 3:05pm It's all good until it fails, then you're stuck dealing for weeks, if not months with HP support. Reply 0 grim @grim Apr 3, 2017, 3:28pm This is because most of their resources goes into unisys and their corporate support. We have a fleet of over 1700 HP laptops, if they get broken (including accidental damage) they are usually fixed inside 3 days Reply 0 Doug Thesenvitz Guest Apr 4, 2017, 7:23am I bought one. It will not support dual monitors through a docking station. I sent it back to HP. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now We're Living In The Real Golden Age Of Vinyl Music Campbell Simpson 04 Apr 2017 11:30 AM If you asked most people what they thought of vinyl 10 years ago, you'd almost certainly get an answer on how outdated it was as a technology -- maybe tinged by a bit of nostalgia, but by and large an attitude that LPs belonged in the past. 2007 was the year of the iPod, and the year that digital music came into its own. Streaming music came not long after -- Spotify was founded in 2008, and competitors were close on its heels. In 2017, the answer you'd get could not be more different. Vinyl is cool again, as much as it ever has been if not moreso. The power of the internet, too, is changing the way that vinyl records are thought up and sold. NBN Rollout Will Skip Difficult Connections, Could Take Years To Circle Back Logan Booker 02 Apr 2017 12:30 PM No one said building a fast, nation-wide broadband network would be easy. But imagine if the NBN skipped your house or business because it wasn't easy enough? A report by the ABC's Emily Laurence has revealed that if a property is "categorised as Service Class 0", NBN Co will almost certainly give it a miss, even if you're in a rollout area. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: This Microsoft Office Mastery Bundle Is Over 95% Off Deals: Get These Extra Long Lightning Cables For 70% Off Deals: Netflix And Chill Around The Globe With This Unblocker Deals: Boost Your Mac's Functionality With This App Bundle Trending Articles 1 We're Living In The Real Golden Age Of Vinyl Music 2 NBN Rollout Will Skip Difficult Connections, Could Take Years To Circle Back 3 Here's The Dumbest Shit You've Ever Modded Your Cars With Future Teens Will Probably Have Better Fake IDs Than We Did The Original Ending Of Alien Was Both Terrifying And A Huge Bummer And Here Are Some Samsung Galaxy S8 Accessories For You To Buy Someone Finally Hijacked Deep Learning Tech To Create More Than Nightmares Breath Of The Wild Voice Actor Drops In On Streamer Attack On Titan's Season 2 Opener Is More Of The Same Ark: Survival Evolved Horse Taming Is Almost Exactly Like Zelda's Mod Brings Crysis' Nanosuit To Grand Theft Auto 5 Think Of Budgeting As A Habit, Not A Task TV Tech Showdown: Samsung 4K QLED Vs LG 4K OLED Mexico May Not Be The Best Holiday Destination Right Now Lessons From Apple's Decision To Make Its Own GPUs ASOS is actually benefiting from the weak Brexit pound Here's what economists are saying about today's RBA rate decision AUSTRALIAN STOCKS SLIP: Here's what you need to know Traders at Credit Suisse's giant annual Asian investment conference have gone bearish on Australian stocks © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 04/04/2017 11:45:43 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   business Last update 11:44 | 04/04/2017    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter In Vietnam, ’bigness’ depends on more than size There have been some commentaries on the 2016 Wealth Report which claim Viet Nam is the fastest growing country with a super-rich population, surpassing even India and China. A scientist of the Research Institute of Pulp and Paper Industry (Viet Nam Paper Corporation) checks paper sample.  People are curious about the origin of their wealth and debating their roles and contribution to the country’s development. Does the rich mean the big and are these rich entrepreneurs well prepared for playing a leading role in Viet Nam’s future growth, which will be based on innovation and sustainability? The Vietnamese government has specified that the private sector will play a pivotal role in driving the country’s economic development, but, given their big role, Viet Nam’s private enterprises are showing an inclination to get smaller and smaller, in terms of capital capacity, total revenue and labour deployment. Viet Nam currently has 600,000 companies in the private sector, 95 per cent of which are small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). The Government has set a target of a million enterprises by 2020, but some experts have voiced concerns that the downsizing trend among SMEs has prevented productivity gains through economies of scale, specialisation and innovation. The Vietnam 2035 report shows that the productivity and competitiveness of Vietnamese private sector are decreasing. Factors such as commercialization of the state which gives State-owned enterprises dominance in various industries, information deficiency, weak competition, feeble enforcement of property rights (land and intellectual property) and distorted production markets are responsible for this state of affairs. The reality is that many small household businesses have refused to register as formal enterprises. They are reluctant to endure bureaucratic scrutiny and regulatory problems, including paying taxes, ease of starting a business as well the security of property rights, which raises transaction costs. In order to stimulate growth in this business group, free and fair competition, the heart of a market economy, should be enhanced. Tycoons, not growth leaders On the other side of the fence, the number of big companies has been growing, but they are yet to demonstrate their capability in innovation leadership, which is very important in shaping the quality and sustainability of growth. The public still views owners of these big companies as “tycoons” in terms of their assets but not as growth leaders. Then there is the opinion that several of these tycoons have earned their fortunes through speculation in stocks and real estate or receiving preferential treatment through their cosy relationship with government officials. So, what is a big company? The Top 500 Vietnamese Largest Enterprises (VNR500) ranks companies by revenue, profit, total assets and number of employees, but these criteria are just signs of outward strength. Big means this A real big company should demonstrate its might in research and development (R&D), brand name and distribution networks, which are the norm when it comes to multinational companies. More importantly, the company’s growth must have spillover effects on smaller firms and contribute to the country’s sustainable development. If these qualitative criteria are applied, very few Vietnamese companies are gradually moving towards the “big” status. Many State-owned enterprises are big but have weak innovation capacity. Foreign direct investment (FDI) companies possess cutting edge technology but their vertical link with local companies is weak due to low utilisation of inputs made in Viet Nam, as well as limited capabilities of local companies in absorbing new technology. Until now, only a few technology (IT) companies have paid attention to R&D, like Viettel and FPT. Viettel has set up its own research institutes operating under the model of big international corporations, putting aside 10 per cent of its pre-tax profits, worth about VND2.5 trillion (US$110 million) annually, for R&D purposes. FPT allots 5e per cent of its pre-tax profit for R&D per year. On a smaller scale, some big firms have invested in hi-tech agriculture, like Vinamilk, TH Milk and VinGroup, but they have stayed at using technology, not innovating on their own. In the world, big corporations like Samsung, Intel and Microsoft spend tens of billions of dollars for R&D each year. In Japan and South Korea, the majority of invention and innovation has come from the SME sector. We have to ask: Why have Vietnamese companies not grown up in the true sense of the word? What will it take? Some people have argued that big firms have dominant market shares and can control prices, so they become easily complacent and ignored the need to innovate. Others say big enterprises have strong financial capacity and human resources and should pioneer research, but need the Government’s support in technological reforms. Viet Nam is below average on R&D spending as a share of GDP, when compared with countries at similar levels of development. So far, no Vietnamese brand name is associated with spearheading technology products. For technology to lead development and drive sustainable growth, companies should develop an aspiration to go global (market, norms and standards), build a distinctive corporate culture as well as a creative working environment that encourages innovation. The companies’ work culture should have a hard to please element, and they should incessantly seek competitive pressure to push them ahead. To become a growth leader, they must also create positive spillovers, linking smaller firms and startups to create a large network by showing they are the best destination for talent. Few takers Not many Vietnamese enterprises can do this at the moment. In an innovation-led economy, most firms and economic sectors require continual updating of new knowledge and skills. The Government will play an important role in supporting this process. Viet Nam aims to develop a modern national innovation system of organizations and policies that promote technological reforms. Firms, especially those in private sector, should take a central role in building this system. The government should build effective incubators and accelerator programmes like a Viet Nam Silicon Valley wherein mentoring, business plan preparation and access to finance are all provided. The government can also offer direct and indirect financial support to firms. For indirect support, it can ease access to information and provide tax relief for hi-tech firms. Directly, it can provide funding to firms and organizations with good track records. The government should support the winners (not pick “winners”). Give them a chance and see how really big they can get. Best firms can also receive research orders from the Government, after going through an evaluation process that is competitive, peer-reviewed and merit-based. To sum up, the acceleration of technological growth, robotics and artificial intelligence poses both challenges and opportunities for domestic companies. For companies to grow big and become leaders, the Government should enhance fair competition and well-enforced protection of property rights, while companies should, on their own, develop global aspirations, thirst for updated technologies, and nurture and retain talents.  VNS Vo Tri Thanh is a senior economist at the Central Institute for Economic Management (CIEM) and a member of the National Financial and Monetary Policy Advisory Council. A doctorate holder in economics from the Australian National University, Thanh mainly undertakes research and provides consultation on issues related to macroeconomic policies, trade liberalisation and international economic integration. Other areas of interest include institutional reforms and financial systems. He will author Viet News’s new column, “Analyst’s Pick,” which will run on the first Tuesday of every month. In Vietnam, ’bigness’ depends on more than size, vietnam economy, business news, vn news, vietnamnet bridge, english news, Vietnam news, news Vietnam, vietnamnet news, vn news, Vietnam net news, Vietnam latest news, Vietnam reaking news   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on Vietnam supports domestic automakers KKR pumps second investment $250m in Masan Group Vietnamese property attractive to Japanese firms Shares remain close to 10-year high Business environment effectively supports firms: PM RStartups attract investment of $205mn in 2016 BUSINESS IN BRIEF 3/4 Two dollar billionaires: does Vietnam need more? Philippine firm eyes Saigon Beer stake Vietnam’s pepper products to be traded on VNX     Top Stories Coffee chains expand as profits remain high Ancient cinnamon gardens at Ngoc Linh Mountain Luxury cars flooding Vietnamese market Home appliance retailers gear up in race to expand Non-aviation revenue in Vietnam's airports less than other regional countries University education lags behind in curricula, lecturer quality Vietnam weak at river basin management: scientists Few students want to learn Russian, Chinese at schools Seafood sector aims high despite barriers in international market How high are airfares in Vietnam? Latest News In Vietnam, ’bigness’ depends on more than size HCM City launches digital traffic app Vietnam supports domestic automakers When paying toll exacts a huge toll Quang Ninh closes 15 shops specialising in serving Chinese tourists KKR pumps second investment $250m in Masan Group Hanoi to set up public parking on some streets Vietnamese property attractive to Japanese firms Foreign paper factory admits to pollution in Mekong Delta Brothers-in-law turn croppers-in-law     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
Latest News Dow 20,650 -13.01 -0.06% Nasdaq 5,895 -17.06 -0.29% S&P 500 2,359 -3.88 -0.16% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% lower at 12,248.53 3:02 A.M. ET Updated How the ‘3M’ option — Merkel, Macron and May— would mean stability for Europe 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.1% higher at 5,089.30 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,299.54 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 379.01 2:54 A.M. ET Updated Even after Brexit, central banks prefer pounds over euros: survey 2:54 A.M. ET Updated How the pending Aramco IPO could cause a surge in oil prices 2:53 A.M. ET Updated The Dow rally’s ‘in trouble’ if this warning flag holds true 2:50 A.M. ET Updated Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy 2:30 A.M. ET Apple price target lifted to $150 from $140 at Pacific Crest 2:29 A.M. ET Nvidia downgraded to underweight from sector weight at Pacific Crest 2:28 A.M. ET South African rand falls another 1.4% against dollar to $13.87 after S&P downgrade 1:52 A.M. ET ABB to buy Bernecker + Rainer 12:57 A.M. ET Euro, dollar weaker against yen as investors shy away from riskier assets 12:44 A.M. ET Oil prices hold after Monday's pullback 12:08 A.M. ET Updated North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship 4/03 Australian trade surplus higher than forecast 4/03 Asian markets pull back amid growing global uncertainty 4/03 India stocks close at 2-year high as investors bullish on Modi 4/03 Updated As weddings become more elaborate and expensive, guests send more regrets Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release CamStand.com Announces ScanBoard KickStarter Campaign By Published: Apr 3, 2017 11:53 p.m. ET Share SACRAMENTO, Calif., April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- CamStand.com announced today that it had launched a Kickstarter campaign for the new cell phone mounting device, the ScanBoard. The ScanBoard is for securely steadying, and positioning the smartphone for photography, videography, scanning and podcasting. CamStand.com president Dave Malby expects this device will revolutionize the use of smartphones as the preferred tool for scanning documents for cloud storage. Dave further expects that the ScanBoard will expand the use of smartphones for live video streaming and portable desktop photography. The Kickstarter campaign is intended to crowdfund investment capital for business expansion and local employment. Additionally, the campaign will heighten the awareness of the ScanBoard. The ScanBoard Kickstarter campaign URL is: http://ScanBoard.us About CamStand.com Founded by Dave Malby in 2008, CamStand.com manufactures desktop camera stands for macro-photography. The FBI, CIA, DOJ, Universities and Hospital Pathology Labs and companies such as Google, SpaceX, Intel, Kellogg's and Nike use CamStands. CamStand.com is adding to their well established "industrial line of CamStands" to a new line of "consumer CamStands" for using both smartphones and "sports cameras". CamStand.com intends to expand production by providing a quality desktop mounting devices that are USA assembled. The new line of CamStands is for both amateur and professional photographers, videographers, archivers and graphic artists. Photo(s): https://www.prlog.org/12630880 Press release distributed by PRLog   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/camstandcom-announces-scanboard-kickstarter-campaign-300433932.html SOURCE CamStand.com Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular What happens to your debt when you die? How upgrading humans will become the next billion-dollar industry North Carolina stuffs Gonzaga to win NCAA basketball championship Apple makes move that could improve its gadgets, but it won’t be easy These dogs make up to $10K per social media post MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals DRM Maintainers Are Running Out Of Time To Ship New Features For Linux 4.12 Written by Michael Larabel in Linux Kernel on 3 April 2017 at 09:26 PM EDT. 2 Comments After Linus Torvalds was upset about the DRM pull request for Linux 4.11, the deadlines of new feature changes for the Direct Rendering Manager (DRM) code targeting Linux 4.12 is being strictly enforced. Red Hat's David Airlie has announced that 4.12 Git pulls will have a deadline by Linux 4.11-rc6 or else risk being postponed until Linux 4.13. New features will be postponed to the Linux 4.13 cycle for pull requests after this week, in ensuring time for testing of new feature code prior to the opening of the Linux 4.12 merge window around month's end. This should keep Linus Torvalds happier and ensuring no rushed code is quickly promoted to mainline. Among the DRM code already queued for Linux 4.12 via DRM-next are Vega 10 GPU support along with other AMDGPU updates (but no DC support, and with that, no display support at all for Vega), the usual plethora of Intel work, GeForce GTX 1000 Pascal acceleration in Nouveau (new firmware required), and a variety of other changes. More details as the Linux 4.12 merge window approaches. Airlie's message can be found on dri-devel about the upcoming deadline at week's end, which eliminates hope of seeing any last minute Vega display support / DC or any magical Nouveau Kepler/Maxwell re-clocking capabilities or other performance improvements. 2 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Linux Kernel News Analyzing Linux Performance Issues With Perf Linux 4.11-rc5 Kernel Released Early Tests Of AMDGPU's DRM-Next Performance For Linux 4.12 Vega 10 & Other AMDGPU Updates Land In DRM-Next, 398k+ L.O.C. drm_hwcomposer: Allowing Mainline Linux Graphics Drivers To Work On Android Atomic Mode-Setting Support For VMware's VMWGFX DRM Driver Popular News AMD Ryzen Has Captivated Linux Gamers & Enthusiasts 2017: Should Linux Benchmarking Still Be Mostly Done With Ubuntu? Getting Better Radeon Polaris Performance On Ubuntu 17.04 With Mesa 17.1, Linux 4.11 Ubuntu Hit By A Vulnerability In "Eject" Early Tests Of AMDGPU's DRM-Next Performance For Linux 4.12 AMD Ryzen 7 1700 + B350 DDR4 Memory Speed Tests Latest Linux News DRM Maintainers Are Running Out Of Time To Ship New Features For Linux 4.12 Haiku OS Picks Up AMD Ryzen Support, More Driver Improvements The Story of Ubuntu's Mir Abstraction Layer (MirAL) Radeon TONGA Sees Some Gains With AMDGPU DRM-Next 4.12 Mesa 17.0.3 Released Apple To Be Parting Ways With Imagination Graphics A Look At Some Of The Feature Plans For GNOME 3.26 Ioquake3 Needs Some Help ARM Opens Up Compute Library With OpenCL & NEON Acceleration Linux 4.11-rc5 Kernel Released Latest Featured Articles Kicking Off April With An Eight-Way BSD/Linux Comparison 14-Way NVIDIA Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal OpenGL vs. Vulkan With Mad Max On Linux Vulkan vs. OpenGL For Mad Max On AMD Ryzen NVIDIA Vulkan Driver Shows Impressive Mad Max Linux Performance RadeonSI OpenGL vs. RADV Vulkan Performance For Mad Max Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Skip to content Home Subscribe Big Government Big Journalism Big Hollywood National Security Tech Video Sports The Wires Breitbart London Breitbart Jerusalem Breitbart Texas Breitbart California STORE Facebook Twitter RSS SHOP NOW > 5 Things We Know for Certain About the Mike Flynn Case AFP by John Hayward1 Apr 20170 1 Apr, 2017 1 Apr, 2017 SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Former National Security Adviser and retired Lt. General Mike Flynn caused quite a stir by offering testimony to Congress and the FBI in exchange for immunity on Thursday. Many jumped to conclusions, often the same reporters who insisted requests for immunity by members of Hillary Clinton’s inner circle were routine and entirely meaningless. Here are five things known with certainty about the Flynn case at this time: SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Requests for immunity are not admissions of guilt. We should get that out of the way right up front since so many people who know better are getting it wrong. It is certainly fair to comment on immunity deals or talk about the impression they convey. The details of the immunity agreements for certain figures in the Clinton email scandal were downright bizarre, and arguably impeded the investigation, rather than enhancing it. Clinton partisans argued that other immunity grants were routine and implied absolutely nothing untoward. One reason Flynn’s immunity offer brought such a wave of innuendo in response is that Flynn himself said last year, while discussing the Clinton email scandal, “When you are given immunity, that means you have probably committed a crime.” Bringing his own words back to haunt him is irresistible for his critics. Furthermore, President Trump said essentially the same thing about immunity deals when talking about Clinton. Bringing his words back to haunt him is absolutely irresistible for the media. But no, as Business Insider points out in one the above-linked posts about Flynn and Trump being haunted by their words, “a request for immunity does not amount to an admission of guilt,” and “a person granted immunity may still be criminally prosecuted for crimes revealed in the testimony as long as the activity is confirmed with independent evidence.” The difference here is that the media didn’t want to jump to conclusions about what any of those Clinton immunity deals meant. Flynn’s attorney said he desires immunity to escape a “highly politicized witch hunt environment.” The statement issued by Flynn’s attorney Robert Kelner on Thursday explains why Flynn offered to testify in exchange for immunity. According to Kelner, Flynn “certainly has a story to tell, and he very much wants to tell it, should the circumstances permit.” After recounting the details of Flynn’s lengthy “life of national service,” Kelner states the media is “awash with unfounded allegations, outrageous claims of treason, and vicious innuendo directed against him.” “He is now the target of unsubstantiated public demands by Members of Congress and other political critics that he be criminally investigated,” Kelner points out. “No reasonable person, who has the benefit of advice from counsel, would submit to questioning in such a highly politicized, witch hunt environment without assurances against unfair prosecution.” Flynn’s most serious legal jeopardy may involve contacts with Turkey, not Russia. Flynn’s offer involves testimony about contacts with Russia, and his tenure as National Security Adviser ended because of a conversation he had with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, but nothing illegal about that conversation has yet been demonstrated. The more serious problem for Flynn could be his connections with the government of Turkey. Clinton-era CIA Director James Woolsey said last week that Flynn met with Turkish officials last summer to discuss Turkey’s long-desired extradition of exiled cleric Fethullah Gulen, accused of masterminding the July coup attempt against President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Woolsey claims he walked into the middle of a conversation between Flynn and Turkish officials in New York, in which the idea of staging a covert operation “in the dead of night to whisk this guy away” was discussed. Woolsey has variously described this conversation as either “startling and illegal,” or “naive” and without “credibility.” Flynn has “registered with the Justice Department as a foreign agent for $530,000 worth of lobbying work before Election Day that may have aided the Turkish government,” according to Fox News. The White House has said President Trump was not aware Flynn was working for the Turks. Fortune describes the precise allegations Flynn may end up facing over Turkey: On March 7, after being fired as National Security Adviser, Flynn belatedly filed a FARA disclosure that revealed that, through his firm, Flynn Intel Group, he had worked in 2016 on behalf of Inovo BV, a firm based in Netherlands and owned by a Turkish businessman with links to the Turkish government. Flynn’s firm was paid $530,000 by Inovo. Flynn’s FARA filing (available here) revealed that the September 19 meeting occurred and that Gülen was discussed. But the filing claims that Flynn’s work was on behalf of Inovo, not the Turkish government, and that it concerned merely “the political climate in Turkey” and “doing business in Turkey,” related to the export of natural gas. But Woolsey’s statements to the Journal and CNN, and the FARA filing now suggest this was either false or a woefully incomplete account of the client and the purpose of Flynn’s work—that Flynn was actually advising the Turkish government about the extrajudicial removal of a green card holder from the United States. Turkey’s foreign minister and the son-in-law of Erdoğan, the country’s energy minister, were Flynn’s interlocutors that day about putting Gülen “out of action.” FARA is the Foreign Agents Registration Act, and it would appear to be the clearest example of a law Flynn might be charged with violating. However, former prosecutor Andrew McCarthy, now a writer for National Review, said on Thursday that Flynn was “unlikely to be prosecuted” for his late filing as a foreign agent. A few Flynn-Russia contacts could still prove troublesome. Flynn’s communication with Ambassador Kislyak may have resulted in no legal charges – he was dismissed because his account of the conversations to the White House, particularly Vice President Mike Pence, was not completely accurate. Yet questions have still been raised about a $33,000 speaking engagement for the state-controlled Russia Today news agency and $23,000 of speeches he gave to Russian firms. Democrats have alleged these speeches may have violated the Emoluments Clause. Flynn’s offer of testimony for immunity has not been accepted yet. The Senate Intelligence Committee reportedly told Flynn it was “not receptive” to his offer “at this time” on Friday. Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA), ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said there are “many more witnesses and documents to obtain” before any immunity request from Flynn would be considered. Schiff took the opportunity to pronounce it was a “grave and momentous step” for a former National Security Adviser to the President of the United States to ask for immunity from prosecution,” but he gave no sign of granting it. A spokesman for House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-CA) said on Friday there has been a “preliminary conversation with Michael Flynn’s lawyer about arranging for Flynn to speak to the Committee,” but the discussion “did not include immunity or other possible conditions for his appearance.” Schiff said the House Intelligence Committee would defer to the Justice Department, which at the time of this writing has given no indication it will offer Flynn immunity. Read More Stories About: National Security, 2016 election, FBI, House Intelligence Committee, Immunity, justice department, mike flynn, National Security Adviser, Russia, senate intelligence committee, Turkey Comment count on this article reflects comments made on Breitbart.com and Facebook. Visit Breitbart's Facebook Page. BREITBART CONNECT Sign Up For Our Newsletter MOST POPULAR Trump Haters Rush to Susan Rice’s Defense0 comments - 5 hours ago The Media Is Ignoring the 500-Pound Surveillance Elephant in the Room0 comments - 9 hours ago Eli Lake: Susan Rice Requested Unmasking of People Connected to Trump Transition0 comments - 16 hours ago Chuck Schumer Has Enough Democrats to Filibuster Neil Gorsuch0 comments - 3 hours ago Rand Paul Wants Susan Rice Before Congress0 comments - 7 hours ago Explosion, Casualties Reported in Saint Petersburg Metro Station0 comments - 18 hours ago FNC’s Housley: Sources Say Those Who ‘Unmasked’ Trump, Associates ‘Very High Up’0 comments - 17 hours ago ‘Pro-black, Activist’ Rachel Dolezal: ‘Race is a Social Construct’0 comments - 1 day ago FOX: Trump Surveilled Before Nomination, Agencies with Info Blocked Nunes for Weeks0 comments - 2 days ago Bit by bit, Trump methodically undoing Obama policies0 comments - 22 hours ago Do it Yourself! Justin Urquhart-Stewart Sebastian Gorka talks 2nd Amendment, Radical Islamic Terrorism FROM THE HOMEPAGE Chuck Schumer Has Enough Democrats to Filibuster Neil Gorsuch0 Comments Trump Haters Rush to Susan Rice’s Defense0 Comments Rand Paul Wants Susan Rice Before Congress0 Comments Report–White House Computer Logs: Susan Rice Accessed Intel Reports Re Trump Associates0 Comments Judge Denies Roman Polanski’s Bid to Resolve Child Sex Case0 Comments The Media Is Ignoring the 500-Pound Surveillance Elephant in the Room0 Comments Breitbart News Daily: ‘Unmasking’0 Comments Rep. Mo Brooks: Trump’s Drop in Popularity Tied to Attacks on Other Republicans Over Health Care Reform0 Comments Larry King on Trump: ‘One of the Most Ridiculous Presidencies I’ve Ever Seen’0 Comments White People Banned from Black Lives Matter Meetings in Philadelphia0 Comments Donald Trump Listed on Islamic State ‘Kill List’ of over 8700 Westerners0 Comments Major Progressive Group Asks Supporters to Help Prove ‘Peeing Russian Prostitutes’ Anti-Trump Dossier0 Comments Send A Tip Send A Tip Copyright © 2017 Breitbart Advertise With Us EXPLORE BREITBART Big Government Big Journalism Big Hollywood National Security Tech Video Sports The Wires London Jerusalem Texas California The Conversation Privacy Policy Terms of Use Breitbart Jobs Connect Facebook Twitter RSS Send us a tip SUBSCRIBE TO THE BREITBART NEWSLETTERSwitch to Full Site Copyright © 2017 Breitbart
Clientron to Showcase Its POS Innovation at Food & Hotel Indonesia 2017 (FHI 2017) Clientron to showcase its POS innovation at Food & Hotel Indonesia 2017 (FHI 2017) (Graphic: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Clientron to showcase its POS innovation at Food & Hotel Indonesia 2017 (FHI 2017) (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Small Preview Thumbnail April 03, 2017 10:00 PM Eastern Daylight Time TAIPEI, Taiwan--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Clientron Corp., a global leading provider of POS, Thin Client, and Embedded Systems, is going to display its latest POS innovation at Food & Hotel Indonesia 2017 (FHI 2017), -- the recognized major Southeast Asia platform for linking international suppliers and customers in the food, beverage & hospitality industry -- from April 5th to 8th 2017 at the Jakarta International Expo, Kemayoran, Indonesia. To expand and penetrate the Point-of-Sales market in Southeast Asia, Clientron began to participate in POS trade shows around Southeast Asian markets over the past few years, and the company has received strong feedback, enabling it to build up its POS sales channel with local dealers and system integrators. “This is the first time Clientron will join the FHI 2017 exhibition. We aim to attract local buyers to build our sales channels in the local market. At this show, Clientron will present its new POS products, including all new POS terminals and various built-in POS peripherals, which all feature the benefits of reliability, economy and flexibility in order to meet the demand of the retail and hospitality industries,” said Kelly Wu, CEO of Clientron. Innovative POS terminal demonstrations at the event will include the Clientron Bello series featuring a choice of 12.1” / 15” / 15.6” Touch Displays in a solid Aluminum Enclosure; Bello just won the “Taiwan Excellence Award 2017” this year for its innovation and the best quality design, which makes it stand out from numerous products as the best choice for POS applications. In addition, Clientron will introduce the Butterfly Light-weight POS terminal, the Wing series, with a flexible Dual-hinge Stand design. The company will also feature the mainstream Ares650 series with an up-to-date ultra-slim system enclosure. Both the Wing and Ares models also won the “Taiwan Excellence Award 2016” last year. Furthermore, Clientron will have the most affordable POS terminal – the PT3200, equipped with an Intel power efficient quad-core processor, offered in a fanless system with long life span support to both entry and mainstream POS market segments. For more information on Clientron or its products, please visit us at Hall B3/ booth B5226, FHI 2017, or browse Clientron website at www.clientron.com. About Clientron Clientron was founded in 1983. The company is dedicated in providing global intelligent solutions to our clients. With design, manufacturing, and service abilities, Clientron offers High-quality and High-performance computing platforms including Thin Client, POS and Intelligent System. We are steadfast in our commitment to develop and to provide even more advanced IoT client solution and services for our partners and customers to build an intelligent e-World. Visit us at www.clientron.com. Contacts Clientron Corp. Joan Chuang, +886-2-26987068 joan_chuang@clientron.com #Hashtags #FHI Contacts Clientron Corp. Joan Chuang, +886-2-26987068 joan_chuang@clientron.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News April 2017 Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th We 4 3 2 1 March 2017 31 30 29 CamStand.com Announces ScanBoard KickStarter Campaign   ScanBoard SACRAMENTO, Calif. - April 3, 2017 - PRLog -- CamStand.com announced today that it had launched a Kickstarter campaign for the new cell phone mounting device, the ScanBoard. The ScanBoard is for securely steadying, and positioning the smartphone for photography, videography, scanning and podcasting. CamStand.com president Dave Malby expects this device will revolutionize the use of smartphones as the preferred tool for scanning documents for cloud storage. Dave further expects that the ScanBoard will expand the use of smartphones for live video streaming and portable desktop photography. The Kickstarter campaign is intended to crowdfund investment capital for business expansion and local employment. Additionally, the campaign will heighten the awareness of the ScanBoard. The ScanBoard Kickstarter campaign URL is: http://ScanBoard.us About CamStand.com Founded by Dave Malby in 2008, CamStand.com manufactures desktop camera stands for macro-photography. The FBI, CIA, DOJ, Universities and Hospital Pathology Labs and companies such as Google, SpaceX, Intel, Kellogg's and Nike use CamStands. CamStand.com is adding to their well established "industrial line of CamStands" to a new line of "consumer CamStands" for using both smartphones and "sports cameras". CamStand.com intends to expand production by providing a quality desktop mounting devices that are USA assembled. The new line of CamStands is for both amateur and professional photographers, videographers, archivers and graphic artists. Contact TPS Products and Services Inc / CamStand.com Dave Malby, President ***@camstand.com Photo: https://www.prlog.org/12630880/1 End Source : CamStand.com Email : ***@camstand.com Tags : iPhone, Android, Scanner, ScanBoard, CamStand, Photography, Stand, Tripod, Camera Stand, Camera Mount Industry : Computers, Home business, Industrial, Multimedia, Photography, Technology Location : Sacramento - California - United States Subject : Products Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Page Updated Last on: Apr 03, 2017 SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Embedded System Market – Forecast, Demand, Outlook and Market Research Report 2025 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/03/2017 — Global Embedded System Market: Overview An embedded system consists of a microprocessor or microcontroller and acts as the processing core of a large system in order to perform a particular task. The combination of software and hardware in an embedded system create functional targeting device that has several benefits such as accuracy, adaptability, speed, reliability, small size, and power. With an ability to perform in a real time manner, embedded systems have applications in a number of purposes such as mobile communication, railway ticketing, electronic payments, automobile, and aeronautics. As these systems can be customized and designed according to the need, the adoptability is increasing and consequently, the demand in the global embedded systems market is expected to expand at a robust CAGR during the forecast period of 2017 to 2025. Request a Brochure of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=B&rep_id=1730 Global Embedded System Market: Key Trends The exponential escalation in the number of mobile users and its deep penetration into the urban population across developed and emerging economies is the primary driver of the global embedded system market. In several countries, consistent emphasis has been given to improve wireless communication infrastructure, owing to increasing number of users with smartphones and tablets with the requirement of internet connectivity. In addition to that, application of embedded computers as network and backend systems in the telecom sector in order to provide higher bandwidth to the consumers is another prominent factor favoring the growth rate of the market. By application, the global embedded market can be segmented into telecommunication, healthcare, automotive, consumer electronics, industrial, and aerospace and defense. Although the telecom industry currently serves the maximum demand, the prosperity of the automotive industry, especially in the emerging economies, is expected to expand at most prominent rate during the forecast period. Request for TOC of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=T&rep_id=1730 Global Embedded System Market: Market Potential The Internet of Things (IoT) is poised to open new opportunities in the embedded system market, revolutionizing how machine-to-machine (M2M) communication are done, and in turn not only increase the efficiency of the machines but also negotiate fatal errors. For instance, if an aircraft’s engine sensors detect a mechanical concern, the embedded system can try to diagnose the situation as well as sent information to the appropriate destination. Though IoT is still in its relative nascent stage and there are only a few large-scale deployment of it, together with embedded systems they are opening new opportunities for the players in this market. Global Embedded System Market: Regional Outlook Geographically, the report studies the potential of embedded system market in regions such as North America, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Europe, and the Middle East and Africa. Currently, technologically advanced countries such as the U.S. and Canada make North America the most lucrative region. Asia Pacific, which resides several emerging economies such as India and China, is also expected to expand the demand quickly during the forecast period. The importance of standards-based systems and its growing application in sectors such as healthcare, transportation, and energy are expected to boost the demand from APAC. Read Complete Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/embedded-system-market Global Embedded System Market: Competitive Analysis This market is moderately fragmented in nature with a few players holding little over half of the shares. The report identifies Freescale Semiconductor, Samsung Electronics Corporation, and Renesas Electronics Corporation are the leaders in the global embedded system market, whereas Qualcomm, Intel Corporation, Advanced Microdevices, and Samsung Electronics dominate the embedded microprocessor systems segment. Owing to a limited target customer-base, the competition in this market is intensifying among the vendors, which as a result is expected to initiate a price war and result in low bargaining power of vendors as well as increment the adoptability. Radisys, GE, Kontron, Advantech, Eurotech, Mercury, Emerson are some of the other prominent players in the global embedded system market. About TMR Research TMR Research is a premier provider of customized market research and consulting services to business entities keen on succeeding in todayâ€™s supercharged economic climate. Armed with an experienced, dedicated, and dynamic team of analysts, we are redefining the way our clientsâ€™ conduct business by providing them with authoritative and trusted research studies in tune with the latest methodologies and market trends. Our savvy custom-built reports span a gamut of industries such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals and metals, food and beverages, and technology and media, among others. With actionable insights uncovered through in-depth research of the market, we try to bring about game-changing success for our clients CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Erythritol Market-Mitsubishi, Jungbunzlauer, Baolingbao Biology, Zibo ZhongShi GeRui Biotech Next PostNext Global Electric Motorcycle and Scooter Market-Emmelle, Yamaha, Lvju, Songi, Hero Electric Search Recent Posts Anti-Corruption Specialist Rebecca Li Joins Berkeley Research Group in Hong Kong Menarini-Silicon Biosystems completa l’acquisizione delle attività di CELLSEARCH® ProfNet Experts Available on Financial Literacy, Internet Privacy, More Global Car Rental Industry Guide 2017 – Consumer Trends, Market Growth and Market Future to 2021 Global Health Care Equipment & Supplies Industry Guide 2017 – Market Size, Historical Growth, Market Future and Key Company Analysis Report Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Silicon Mechanics Announces Recipient of 6th Annual Research Cluster Grant /EINPresswire.com/ — BOTHELL, WA–(Marketwired – Apr 3, 2017) – Silicon Mechanics, a system integrator and custom design manufacturer that provides the expertise necessary to scale open technology throughout an organization, today announced the recipient of its sixth annual Research Cluster Grant (RCG): California Polytechnic State University (Cal Poly). As a result of its successful application, Cal Poly receives a High-Performance Computing (HPC) cluster with the latest high-performance processing, networking, storage and GPU technologies, valued at over $130,000 for use in demonstrated research and educational purposes going forward. „We are very excited, because this is a solution we can implement immediately,” said Graham Doig, assistant professor of aerospace engineering at Cal Poly and the lead investigator on the grant proposal. „The cluster, first of all, will do so much for our students from a research perspective. Ultimately, however, it is going to break down some of the computing silos that exist interdepartmentally and bring the university’s departments together.” Since 2012, when Silicon Mechanics initiated the RCG, the program has extended its reach considerably. With its manufacturing partners, Silicon Mechanics has provided over $700,000 worth of much needed technology advancements to universities and institutions where access to important research funding to acquire high-performance computing technology has been inconsistent in recent years. While federal funding for education research saw a modest increase in 2016, it had fallen by over 13% from 2011 — 2015, the longest multi-year decline in federal funding for academic research since 1972. „Silicon Mechanics and our technology partners take great pride in supporting the RCG program as an avenue to drastically alter the path for research and education curriculum advancements at institutions of higher education. In the case of Cal Poly, this award will bring forth the first dedicated cluster on campus,” said Sue Lewis, Silicon Mechanics’ Chief Marketing Officer. „We are excited to see the cluster deployment in action and the positive impacts for Cal Poly student-involved research, hands-on coursework, and project-based co-curricular experiences in applied engineering.” At Cal Poly, the HPC cluster will be used to provide students the necessary tools to engage with real world applications that will ultimately help them integrate into the workforce upon graduation and allow graduate-level students to conduct research previously not possible. The areas of research the cluster will enhance or enable at Cal Poly are vast, from computational fluid dynamics to fire dynamics to deep visual learning and cyber security. It will also allow Cal Poly to collaborate with others in the California State University system on research projects. Previous RCG awardees include both the University of New Orleans and the University of California, Merced last year, Dordt College and City College of New York (CCNY) in 2015, Wayne State University in 2014, Tufts University in 2013 and Saint Louis University in 2012. Silicon Mechanics’ partners that have donated product to this year’s grant include Intel, NVIDIA, Mellanox, Supermicro, Micron, Broadcom Limited, Seagate, SanDisk, HGST, and Bright Computing. About Silicon Mechanics Silicon Mechanics is a system integrator and custom design manufacturer that provides the expertise necessary to scale open technology throughout an organization, from building out HPC or storage clusters to the latest in virtualization, containerized services and more. For more than 15 years, Silicon Mechanics has provided consistent execution in delivering innovative open technology solutions for commercial enterprises, government organizations and the research market. Learn more about maximizing the potential of open technology by visiting www.siliconmechanics.com. About Cal Poly Founded in 1901 and part of the renowned California State University system since 1960, Cal Poly is a nationally ranked, four-year, comprehensive polytechnic public university located in San Luis Obispo, Calif. Known for its Learn by Doing approach, small class sizes and open access to expert faculty, Cal Poly is a distinctive learning community whose 21,000 academically motivated students enjoy an unrivaled hands-on educational experience that prepares them to lead successful personal and professional lives. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Smart Employee Benefits Schedules 2016 Year End Results Conference Call Next PostNext Cholangiopancreatography Device Market Share by Type, Production, Revenue, Growth by Type & Analysis by Regions 2017-2021 Search Recent Posts Anti-Corruption Specialist Rebecca Li Joins Berkeley Research Group in Hong Kong Menarini-Silicon Biosystems completa l’acquisizione delle attività di CELLSEARCH® ProfNet Experts Available on Financial Literacy, Internet Privacy, More Global Car Rental Industry Guide 2017 – Consumer Trends, Market Growth and Market Future to 2021 Global Health Care Equipment & Supplies Industry Guide 2017 – Market Size, Historical Growth, Market Future and Key Company Analysis Report Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 April 2017 by Military News Micro System-on-Module (SOM) Market Foraying Into Emerging Economies New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/03/2017 — Micro System-on-Module (SOM) Market: Market Dynamics and Restraints Microchips and integrated circuits have transformed industrial automation. Practicing micro system-on-module (SOM) provides flexibility to perform hardware and software development activity parallel, this is why, it is widely preferred by companies such as Motorola, SUN Microsystems, Xerox, IBM, and DEC in their Blade computers. Other properties such as; cost saving, variety in CPU choices, reduced client design requirements, a small footprint are other qualities which propel micro system-on-module (SOM) market globally. Request to view Table of Content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/14278 The latest trend accepted by industries are an implementation of the multicore processor. Previously, microcontrollers were commonly used in industrial implanted systems including industrial process control, actuators, robotics, and sensors. Though, industrial technology has progressed and include multiple capabilities such as wireless connectivity, smart sensors, imaging; this has boosted the demand for advanced and efficient systems. Therefore, manufacturers are offering single chips with multiple cores to improve applications, escalate reliability, decrease power consumption, and reduce full functioning costs. Although demand and necessity of micro system-on-module (SOM) in the market can be seen significantly, the high development cost of industrial embedded systems hinders the market growth to a certain extent. Micro System-on-Module (SOM) Market: Key players Some of the global key players of micro system-on-module (SOM) market include Inforce Computing, Inc., Atmel, MEN Micro, Intel, National Instruments, and Infineon Technologies. Other major vendors are AAEON Electronics, Acrosser Embedded SBC, VIA Technologies, Technique Innovator Inc, ADES, Touit, ADL Embedded Solutions, Toradex, ADLINK Technology, Technoland, Advantech, Sealevel Systems, AEWIN Technologies, Texas Instruments, ARM, Syslogic, Artesyn Embedded Technologies, DAVE Embedded Systems, STMicroelectronics, AXIOMTEK, SECO, Beckhoff Automation, Samsung Electronics, Bharathi Electronics, Renesas, IBASE Technology, Mouser Electronics, PHYTEC Embedded, ICOP Technology, MEN Mikro Electronik, Nexcom Europe, and NXP. Sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/14278 Micro System-on-Module (SOM) Market: Regional Outlook The Micro system-on-module (SOM) market is globally expected to register healthy CAGR during the forecast period. Due to the active presence of major companies of healthcare and industrial automation in countries such as US and Canada, made North America leading region in Micro System-on-Module (SOM) market. In Japan, Eastern and Western Europe region, the active involvement of automobile, robotics, and electronics industry made Eastern Europe second leading region in the market of global micro system-on-module (SOM). Countries such as China, India are the developing countries of Asia-Pacific excluding Japan region; due to easy availability of raw material and landscape; automobile, electronic and aerospace industries are adding their factories in these countries. As Micro system-on-module (SOM) is used in these sectors, Asia Pacific Excluding Japan region becomes the third leading region in this market. Latin America and the Middle East and Africa are predicted to acquire the Micro system-on-module (SOM) market shortly. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Turmeric Oleoresin Sales Market Study Forecasted During 2016-2021 Next PostNext Global Hemodialysis Blood Line Set Market Outlook, Current Trends and Opportunities by the End of 2021 Search Recent Posts BlackRock Announces Index Changes to Two iShares ETFs Paramount Gold Nevada’s Drilling Continues to Confirm Continuity of Grassy Mountain Mineralization Essex Property Trust Prices $350 Million Senior Unsecured Notes Due May 1, 2027 Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. 2017 First Quarter Conference Call and Webcast for Investors and Analysts First Growth Reached Agreement on Terms of Settlement for Oppression Action Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Don't Miss: Video: The outlook for IT pay CW@50: Data storage comes into its own Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. IT service providers get low marks for innovation 10 hidden features in the new Windows 10 Creators Update Expert tips for managing your cloud data Follow these career roadmaps to 7 hot IT jobs More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Vertical IT Healthcare IT News Senate bill would pay doctors to use Facetime with patients While individual telehealth visits may be cheaper, they could drive up overall costs Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Lucas Mearian Senior Reporter, Computerworld | Apr 3, 2017 1:36 PM PT Credit: Thinkstock More like this Lifting telemedicine limits would save Medicare $1.8B over 10 years VA ends co-payment for in-home telehealth care In-home health monitoring to leap six-fold by 2017 Video Highlights from Interop 2015 A new bipartisan Senate bill would let Medicare experiment with paying for more telehealth services, enabling physicians and other healthcare providers to evaluate patients via video chats such as Facetime. Sponsored by Sen. Cory Gardner (R-Col.) and Sen. Gary Peters (D-Mich.), the Telehealth Innovation and Improvement Act would allow selected hospitals to test  telehealth services for Medicare beneficiaries, particularly those who live in hard-to-reach rural areas. "It would also incentivize the healthcare industry to develop new technologies that could potentially reduce costs and improve patient health," Gardner said in a statement. This isn't the first time a bill has been introduced that aims to expand the use of physician services via technology; similar bills were introduced in the House in 2015  and in the Senate in 2016. Both died. The 2015 bill, "Creating Opportunities Now for Necessary and Effective Care Technologies (CONNECT) for Health Act" won statements of support from over 50 organizations, including the American Medical Association, the American Heart Association, the American Telemedicine Association, the American Association of Retired Persons, Anthem, Intel and Kaiser Permanente. A study by Washington-based consultancy Avalere Health found telehealth had the potential to reduce federal Medicare spending by $1.8 billion through efficiencies over a decade. The use of electronic communications or so called telemedicine is nothing new and includes video conferencing such as Facetime, as well as electronic messaging through emails, instant messages and even Facebook and Twitter. Last month, the RAND Corp. published a study in the journal Health Affairs that found even though individual telehealth visits are less expensive than in-person appointments, using remote telehealth services could boost the use of healthcare services, which would lead to greater costs. "We estimated that 12% of direct-to-consumer telehealth visits replaced visits to other providers, and 88% represented new utilization," the study stated. "Net annual spending on acute respiratory illness increased $45 per telehealth user. Direct-to-consumer telehealth may increase access by making care more convenient for certain patients, but it may also increase utilization and health care spending." To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Healthcare IT Networking Cloud Computing Daily Briefing Senior Reporter Lucas Mearian covers consumer data storage, electronic health IT, renewable energy, 3D printing, and telematics/car tech for Computerworld. Follow 4 high-growth tech fields with top pay You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Why you should start using Google Keep right away Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go FCC reverses net neutrality ISP transparency rules The U.S. Federal Communications Commission has voted to roll back some net neutrality regulations that... Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ President Donald Trump is considering a new way of distributing the H-1B visa to ensure they go to the... Popular Resources White Paper 3 Challenges of Moving to a Cloud-Based Infrastructure White Paper 3 Reasons Why Network Ops Needs to Focus on Application Performance Video/Webcast Sponsored Five Critical Success Factors for Embedded Analytics Video/Webcast Sponsored How to Become a Cloud Broker White Paper How to Monitor SaaS Applications Go Top Stories Justice Dept. says replacing U.S. workers may bring lawsuit The Department of Justice on Monday issued a warning to H-1B employers not to use the visa program to... Opinion: Taming the SaaS security wilderness As rogue applications proliferate, the need to protect corporate data requires new tools. The laptop is dead Here's Mike Elgan's open-and-shut case on why the venerable laptop is on its way out. It’s not game over for Apple TV -- yet The Apple TV is an interesting product in the company's line-up, a potential trojan horse into millions... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
BUSINESS AUTOS Tesla stock value overtakes Ford as Elon Musk disses short sellers Outside Tesla plant Outside the Tesla auto assembly plant in Fremont, Calif. Outside the Tesla auto assembly plant in Fremont, Calif. Russ MitchellContact Reporter Elon Musk is gloating. “Stormy weather in Shortville…” the chief executive officer of Tesla tweeted Monday, as the company’s stock price reached a record high and topped Ford Motor in market value. Musk was poking at short sellers, who make money when stock prices go down — but lose big when their bets are wrong. For them, the weather is stormy indeed. “Yeah, I had to take some off the table today,” said Mark Spiegel of Stanphyl Capital Management. That means he sold some of Tesla’s high flying stock at a loss. But short sellers still hold a large Tesla position, and Spiegel is sticking with his bet. As for Musk’s tweet, the investor said, “There’s something called karma. I’m looking forward to it. I can tell you, time is not on Tesla’s side.” Maybe. But right now, Tesla bulls are on a thunderous run. The stock closed Monday at $298.52, up up $20.22, or 7% for the day and up 64% since Dec. 1, 2016. That put Tesla’s market value at $48.63 billion, rushing past Ford Motor’s $45.47 billion, even though Ford pulls in 22 times Tesla’s revenue and earned profits of $4.6 billion in 2016 compared with Tesla’s $667-million loss. Tesla is now the sixth-most valuable automaker; Toyota ranks first with a market value of $160 billion. The stock surge followed Tesla’s announcement that it produced 25,418 electric cars in this year’s first quarter — putting it on a plateau of sorts, since Tesla made about the same number of cars in the last two quarters of 2016. The flat production levels and the big pop in Tesla stock have analysts scratching their heads, even those who see a bright future for the company. “The fact that Tesla stock is valued higher than a company like Ford shows just how inflated their value is,” said Efraim Levy of CFRA Research, who has a "sell” recommendation on the stock. Although Musk has become a business superhero and a household name, he said, “the stock price can’t be justified by any traditional valuation.” The stock surge reflects tremendous enthusiasm for Musk and for the upcoming Model 3, a mid-market electric sedan with a base price of about $35,000 before government incentives. The losses are attributed to investments necessary to achieve ambitious growth. Rumors that Musk will soon put the spotlight on an upcoming Model Y, a crossover/hatchback version of the Model 3, may also have contributed to stock’s sharp rise. Without enough cash flow to aggressively fund future growth, Tesla is reliant on regular infusions of outside capital. So far, no problem. In March, it issued new stock and convertible debt to raise $1.25 billion. A few days later, China Internet giant Tencent revealed it had bought 5% of Tesla. In a Sunday announcement about auto production and deliveries, Tesla boasted that its shipments to customers were 69% higher than the first quarter last year, and that “a new quarterly record” was set — topping third-quarter 2016 shipments by 179 cars. Why production at its Fremont, Calif., assembly plant has been flat for three quarters straight, the company has not yet clarified. Late last year, Tesla struggled to meet planned production levels. At the time, it said a shift to a new, more sophisticated sensor system for its Autopilot driver-assist technology put a crimp in production. That slowdown followed a falling out with former sensor supplier Mobileye, which no longer sells its vision systems to Tesla. (Mobileye recently was bought by chipmaker Intel.) But why no production growth in the first quarter? “Something is going on,” said Levy. “If production is not moving up, the question is, why not?” The answer, said another analyst, may lie in Tesla’s next act. “I suspect they are focusing much of their effort on preparing for the Model 3,” said Michelle Krebs, senior analyst at Autotrader. Tesla will build the Model 3 in the same plant that makes the Model S sedan and the Model X sport utility vehicle. Short-seller Spiegel thinks the market for the Models S and X are near saturation. “The market can only support so many $100,000 cars that you have to plug in,” he insists. Musk intends to prove the naysayers wrong with a dramatic boost in production. Plans are for initial Model 3 production in July, accompanied by a rapid increase in factory throughput, from about 2,000 cars a week now to 5,000 a week by the end of this year and 10,000 a week sometime in 2018, according to the company. Tesla is more than a car company. It also makes storage batteries for homes and businesses, and late last year bought SolarCity, a solar energy installer. But analysts are near unanimous in saying prospects for Tesla stock for the next couple years depend on a successful rollout of the Model 3. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss The Times Editorial Board has launched a scathing series of editorials on Trump. It's opening day for major league baseball. The stage is set for Judge Neil M. Gorsuch's Supreme Court confirmation. USC's Varun Soni is among the few non-Christian college chaplains in America. Credits: Allen J. Schaben / Getty / KTLA The Times Editorial Board has launched a scathing series of editorials on Trump. It's opening day for major league baseball. The stage is set for Judge Neil M. Gorsuch's Supreme Court confirmation. USC's Varun Soni is among the few non-Christian college chaplains in America. Credits: Allen J. Schaben / Getty / KTLA Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss The Times Editorial Board has launched a scathing series of editorials on Trump. It's opening day for major league baseball. The stage is set for Judge Neil M. Gorsuch's Supreme Court confirmation. USC's Varun Soni is among the few non-Christian college chaplains in America. Credits: Allen J. Schaben / Getty / KTLA The Times Editorial Board has launched a scathing series of editorials on Trump. It's opening day for major league baseball. The stage is set for Judge Neil M. Gorsuch's Supreme Court confirmation. USC's Varun Soni is among the few non-Christian college chaplains in America. Credits: Allen J. Schaben / Getty / KTLA Caption Opening day for Los Angeles Dodgers The sights and sounds of the Dodgers' opening day. The sights and sounds of the Dodgers' opening day. Caption Curiosity Correspondent: Learn to throw a pitch in 60 seconds It's the start of the 2017 baseball season and our Curiosity Correspondent, Benjamin Crutcher, went to Los Angeles Dodgers' pitching coach Rick Honeycutt to find out how someone who isn't a pitcher could throw a first pitch at a game and not look terrible. Live coverage of opening day at Dodger Stadium >> It's the start of the 2017 baseball season and our Curiosity Correspondent, Benjamin Crutcher, went to Los Angeles Dodgers' pitching coach Rick Honeycutt to find out how someone who isn't a pitcher could throw a first pitch at a game and not look terrible. Live coverage of opening day at Dodger Stadium >> Caption St. Petersburg subway blast kills at least 10, injures 50, Russian media report At least 10 people were killed and 50 injured Monday in an explosion on the subway in St. Petersburg, Russian news agencies reported. At least 10 people were killed and 50 injured Monday in an explosion on the subway in St. Petersburg, Russian news agencies reported. Caption Man recounts surviving five days trapped under collapsed home after U.S. airstrike in Mosul Ali Thanoon recounts spending five days trapped under the rubble after a U.S. airstrike on March 17. (Video by Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Ali Thanoon recounts spending five days trapped under the rubble after a U.S. airstrike on March 17. (Video by Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) russ.mitchell@latimes.com Twitter: @russ1mitchell UPDATES: 4:35 p.m.: This article was updated with market valuations for Toyota and other automakers. The article was originally published at 2:40 p.m. This article originally misstated Tesla's stock gain for Monday and over the past year. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Toyota Motor Corp. This article originally misstated Tesla's stock gain for Monday and over the past year. No longer in the Dodgers' broadcast booth, Vin Scully found another way to enjoy opening day Washington may be shaking its head, but Devin Nunes is still a hometown hero Why Trump lies Trump Series Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Place An Ad 60°
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Business Like Follow Follow Trump just dropped the hammer on Silicon Valley's efforts to hire abroad 1.4k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Image: THE ASAHI SHIMBUN VIA GETTY IMAGES By Kerry Flynn2017-04-03 21:03:55 UTC Tech giants fight for talented software engineers. To help them in their quest to be the best place to work (or rather, create the biggest money-making machine), these tech companies look abroad for talent.  SEE ALSO: The Google v. Uber lawsuit is confusing, until you watch 'Silicon Valley' That effort is getting harder thanks to the Trump administration. A new bill quietly passed over the weekend, surfaced by Axios, includes H-1B guidelines that suggest computer programmers are no longer presumed to be eligible. Applicants must now submit additional evidence in their application that prove the jobs are complex and specialized and require looking abroad.  It gets stricter.  Not only are the individual visa applications under more scrutiny, immigration enforcers now plan to have more "targeted site visits," a.k.a. physically going into company offices to evaluate whether or not the employers are "evading their obligation to make a good faith effort to recruit U.S. workers," according to the government-issued press release. The rules are already in effect. Starting Monday, companies can apply for H-1B visas in an annual lottery process. As Axios suggested, the bill attempts to limit the ability for companies to "employ lower-paid, lower-level computer workers." Yet, that isn't the reaction it's getting from foreign workers in the tech community: Middle-class India just fainted. https://t.co/1a7P6kgyAn — IndiaExplained (@IndiaExplained) April 3, 2017 But supporters of the actions that Trump promised to fulfill during his campaign seem pleased: Why is #USA not abolishing 2017 #H1B's? Your family, friends and neighbors are hurt by them. pic.twitter.com/uh0InrhxEN — Mark Naughton (@MarkNaughton4) March 31, 2017 This action doesn't just affect tech companies and computer programmers, but those professions make up a decent portion of H-1B applicants. In 2015, computer programmers were 12 percent of all H-1B applicants approved by the Department of Labor. The bill, which can be read as a policy memorandum here, is inspiring debate from Silicon Valley, as seen in the popular Y Combinator blog.  The Valley took issue with the impact this will have: "The only thing this memo is saying is 'Hey, someone issued you folks a memorandum in December 2000 that shouldn't be used anymore because things have changed. We're rescinding it so that no one uses it accidentally,'" posted a commenter on the blog.  Overall, the issue is sensitive for Silicon Valley. It's critical for tech giants to hire foreign workers to serve in all aspects of the business. Let's say you're Facebook, Apple, or Google, because they serve an international audience. Facebook, for example, has nearly 2 billion users. There are only about 325 million people in the U.S.  But the argument goes in favor of U.S.-based companies hiring at home. When these companies hire foreign workers, there needs to be a good reason, per this policy. That's why the press release is titled, "Putting American Workers First."  When asked about immigration policy back in October 2015, then-Republican candidate Donald Trump proposed that employers should pay H-1B workers more money, as to disincentivize the companies from hiring abroad.  Trump also specifically called out Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg's use of the H-1B program and suggested that such an action by his administration could improve the diversity issues in the tech industry. "This will improve the number of black, Hispanic and female workers in Silicon Valley who have been passed over in favor of the H-1B program. Mark Zuckerberg's personal Senator, Marco Rubio, has a bill to triple H-1Bs that would decimate women and minorities," Trump's immigration plan read.  Other experts see this as a smart move in tightening. The H-1B program has not been eliminated, but it is, for sure, not being expanded. "This is a step in the right direction in terms of tightening up the eligibility," Ron Hira, an associate professor at Howard University told Bloomberg. "You’re going to have to beef up your argument for why you need this person." "You’re going to have to beef up your argument for why you need this person." Compete America, a coalition group of tech businesses that includes Microsoft, Intel and Google, argued that companies should be able to hire from the U.S. and from abroad.  “American companies spend hundreds of millions of dollars each year to educate and train American workers for jobs in STEM fields. But our fastest growing industries also rely on the ability to recruit talent from around the world, ultimately helping to grow jobs in the U.S. and sustain America’s global competitiveness and leadership in both innovation and technology," said Scott Corley, executive director of Compete America, in a statement. This isn't the first time the Trump administration has put up a hurdle in the H-1B program. In March, the administration suspended a program that allowed expedited visa processing for certain skilled workers who paid more. As in rich, powerful companies (like Facebook) could pay extra to have these foreign workers expedited through the process. Compete America suggested that more congressional action should take place to improve the H-1B system in general. “Congress needs to reform our highly skilled immigration system to create the certainty and confidence U.S. employers, U.S. workers, and foreign professionals deserve,” Corley's statement continued.  WATCH: There and back: Elon Musk's SpaceX makes history with epic rocket launch and landing Topics: Business, Donald Trump, Facebook, tech talent About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Follow P&I on | P&I Daily Latest P&I Daily P&I Daily Archive Subscribe to P&I Daily | Print Edition Current Print Issue Print Archive Subscribe to P&I Home News & Opinion By Topic Alternatives Consultants Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Investing/Portfolio Strategies Hedge Funds Money Management Real Estate Private Equity More Topics → By Department Latest News Opinion People Moves Special Reports By Multimedia Charts Polls Slideshows Video Webinars Searches & Hires Research Center Special Reports Video Careers Conferences & Webinars White Papers NYC comptroller petitions against corporate 'virtual-only' annual meetings Robert Steyer | April 3, 2017 3:50 pm | Updated 4:00 pm CHART CENTRAL View Full Chart S&P builds on fourth quarter rally and then some View More Charts LATEST POLL View Older Polls LATEST SLIDESHOW Top-Performing Money Managers: Fixed Income View Older Slideshows LATEST VIDEO 2016 Excellence & Innovation Awards: A talk with HESTAs Neil Saxton View More Videos at P&I's Video Library Latest Popular Upcoming Events Webinars About About Pensions & Investments About P&I Research Center About Crain Communications Inc. Advertise / Media Kit Contact Us Editorial Calendar Reprints & Permissions Customer Service My Account Settings Register for Free Subscribe FAQ Help / User Feedback Follow P&I E-Mail Newsletters Mobile Facebook LinkedIn Twitter RSS Feeds Affiliates Business Insurance InvestmentNews Crain's New York Business Crain's Chicago Business All Crain Brands Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Tech Transportation Detroit is kicking Silicon Valley’s ass in the race to build self-driving cars New, 37 comments Turns out the companies that actually build cars have the upper hand by Andrew J. Hawkins@andyjayhawk Apr 3, 2017, 3:28pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Ford Earlier today, Recode and several other outlets reported that Tesla is now worth more than Ford after delivering a record number of cars for the quarter. This news will no doubt lead to some celebration in Silicon Valley, which has sought to portray itself as the logical successor to Detroit as the capital of American innovation. But new research released today shows that the upstarts on the sunny West Coast — Uber, Google, and Tesla — still have a lot of catching up to do when it comes to outpacing their rivals in chilly Michigan. That’s the assessment of Navigant Research, which scored 18 companies working on self-driving technology on 10 different criteria related to strategy, manufacturing, and execution. The report then combined all that into an overall score to get a sense of who’s ahead and who’s not. General Motors and Ford are currently leading the pack, with Daimler and Renault-Nissan close behind. Those four companies make up Navigant’s “leader” category. In other words, when you climb into your first self-driving car in 2021, it will almost certainly be built by one of those four companies. Screenshot: Navigant Research Most everyone else is in the “contender” category. This includes car companies like BMW, PSA, Hyundai, Toyota, Tesla, and Volkswagen; suppliers like Delphi and ZF; and tech firms like Alphabet’s Waymo. Further down the list, in the “challengers” category, are companies like Honda, nuTonomy, Baidu, and Uber. So why is Detroit beating Silicon Valley so badly in this all-too-crucial race to get autonomous vehicles on the road? According to Sam Abuelsamid, a senior research analyst at Navigant and one of the authors of the report, the short answer is experience. “they will have to do deals with someone to get actual vehicles.” “Waymo has what is arguably the best technology right now, although they probably aren’t that far ahead of the leading [original equipment manufacturers] but they will have to do deals with someone to get actual vehicles,” Abuelsamid said via email. “There is also the issue of all the edge cases, bad weather, poor infrastructure, etc. All the little [Silicon Valley] startups may have some interesting ideas, but they don’t have the resources to produce something sufficiently robust to be commercially viable. If they have something good to offer, their best bet is an acquisition.” We’ve seen a lot of this type of maneuvering already, with GM buying Cruise Automation, Intel acquiring Mobileye, and Ford giving $1 billion to some AI company that no one has ever heard of. Big companies are buying little startups and then leveraging their technology and expertise to round out the much larger-scale enterprise of developing, testing, validating, producing, and distributing self-driving cars. you probably won’t be buying a self-driving car at a dealership Early on, most highly automated vehicles will be available through mobility services like ride-sharing and car-sharing, Abuelsamid predicts. In other words, you probably won’t be buying a self-driving car at a dealership, but rather riding in one that you hail through an app-based service like Uber or Lyft. These vehicles will be part of a fleet owned by a manufacturer, like Ford or GM. Fleet ownership will help manufacturers manage the issues self-driving vehicles are likely to encounter early on, like accidents. And there will be accidents. “With all of that in mind, it’s far easier for a manufacturer to replicate the sort of logistics platform that Uber or Lyft have than it is for those companies to invest in and create the development, manufacturing, and service infrastructure that [original equipment manufacturers] have,” Abuelsamid said. “That’s exactly what’s already happening as all the leading OEMs already invested in or developing their own services.” Abuelsamid noted that Tesla was ranked pretty far down the “contender” because Elon Musk’s company is “lacking in quality, distribution, financial stability and their [Autopilot] 2.0 hardware will never be more than limited Level 4-capable at best.” In other words, Musk would be advised not to start gloating about his company being valued higher than Ford quite yet. Next Up In Transportation ScreenDrive: The 2017 BMW 5 Series emphasizes design over intuitive software The Lyra is a smart bike that puts the ‘bike’ part first Tesla is now making almost as many SUVs as sedans Formula E brings all-electric racing to Mexico City today — here’s how to watch The wagon is back: Into thin air with the Volvo V90 Cross Country Two Middle Eastern airlines are loaning laptops and iPads following electronics ban Now Trending The Walking Dead has nowhere to go and nothing to say After the season finale, the verdict is in The photography of Trump's presidency is a huge break from Obama's Donald Trump’s presidency is not normal, and neither is the way it’s being photographed Sonos Playbase review: an expensive TV speaker that's also good at music Great sound, but a tough sell if you haven't already bought into Sonos Apple is developing its own graphics chips for the iPhone FCC removes competition requirement from Charter-TWC merger conditions Charter now has to reach 2 million unserved homes Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 18. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest It's official: your internet provider can share your web history by Jacob Kastrenakes 14 comments / new Trump’s tweets will be preserved by the US National Archives by Nick Statt 3 comments / new Show Notes: Hollywood money corrupts absolutely by Nilay Patel Oath: The Circle marketing campaign, or heavy metal band? by Adi Robertson 4 comments / new These iPhone-connected hearing aids let doctors make adjustments remotely by Ashley Carman 1 comment / new How the Roland TR-808 revolutionized music by Zainab Hasnain 3 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News E.U. Data Center Quarterly I.T. Tracker CY 2015 / Q4 2015 – Research and Markets DUBLIN–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Research and Markets has announced the addition of the „E.U. Data Center Quarterly I.T. Tracker CY 2015 / Q4 2015” report to their offering. This document contains the I.T. vendor revenue generated for the 4Q 2015 E.U. by key data center technologies such as storage, servers and networking equipment. Key data center / I.T. supplier vendor shares in the U.K., Germany and France are provided in addition to overall E.U. data center spending and data center technology trends. Key Topics Covered: Executive Summary Part One: Investment and Market Shares Q4 2015 Overview – The Quarterly Evolution of Data Center Offerings – EU Country-Specific Developments – EU Data Center Market Shares – Germany Data Center IT Market Shares – France Data Center IT Market Shares – UK Data Center IT Market Shares Part Two: EU IT Data Center Vendors – Cisco – HP – IBM – EMC – Dell – Oracle – Amazon – Huawei Part Three: Technology Trends – Infrastructure Software – Virtualization Growth and the Software Defined Data Center – Servers – It’s an Intel and Windows World – Network – Cisco’s Dominance Slows the Growth of Virtualization and SDN – Storage – Speeds, Feeds and Capacity – IaaS/PaaS – Suppliers As Service Providers – Cloud Builders and Brokers For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/n8mjgr/e_u_data_center CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious XL Catlin Political Risk, Credit and Bond Team to Participate at EXIM Bank 2017 Conference in Washington D.C. Next PostNext Worldwide Colocation Data Center Investment Report: Buyer Intentions and Characteristics of the Growing Data Center Class – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts Healthcare CRM Market | Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2015-2022 Global Sports and Fitness Wear Sales Market 2017 – Adidas, Nike, Puma, Under Armour, VF Clinical Chemistry Analyzers Market To Be Driven By Increasing Prevalence Of Chronic Diseases Such As Diabetes Till 2025: Grand View Research, Inc. Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Potential and Niche Segments, Geographical regions and Trends 2026 Vascular Access Systems Market Segmentation, Industry trends and Development to 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Don't Miss: Video: The outlook for IT pay CW@50: Data storage comes into its own Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. IT service providers get low marks for innovation 10 hidden features in the new Windows 10 Creators Update Expert tips for managing your cloud data Follow these career roadmaps to 7 hot IT jobs More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Security News UEFI flaws can be exploited to install highly persistent ransomware A team of researchers exploited two vulnerabilities in the firmware of Gigabyte BRIX mini PCs to demonstrate low-level ransomware Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Lucian Constantin Romania Correspondent, IDG News Service | Apr 3, 2017 11:31 AM PT Credit: IDGNS More like this Newly leaked documents show low-level CIA Mac and iPhone hacks After CIA leak, Intel Security releases detection tool for EFI rootkits Hacking Team's malware uses UEFI rootkit to survive OS reinstalls Video IT security: 3 things you need to know now Over the past few years, the world has seen ransomware threats advance from living inside browsers to operating systems, to the bootloader, and now to the low-level firmware that powers a computer's hardware components. Earlier this year, a team of researchers from security vendor Cylance demonstrated a proof-of-concept ransomware program that ran inside a motherboard's Unified Extensible Firmware Interface (UEFI) -- the modern BIOS. On Friday, at the Black Hat Asia security conference, the team revealed how they did it: By exploiting vulnerabilities in the firmware of two models of ultra compact PCs from Taiwanese computer manufacturer Gigabyte Technology. The two vulnerabilities affect the GB-BSi7H-6500 and GB-BXi7-5775 models of Gigabyte's Mini-PC Barebone (BRIX) platform. They allow an attacker with access to the OS to elevate their privileges and execute malicious code in System Management Mode (SMM), a special operating mode of the CPU that allows executing low-level software. [ Further reading: Fighting ransomware: A fresh look at Windows Server approaches ] UEFI vulnerabilities are not new, and researchers have presented such flaws over the years at security conferences. They're valuable for attackers because they can be used to install highly persistent malware that can reinfect an operating system even after it's completely wiped and reinstalled. UEFI rootkits -- malicious code that's meant to hide other malware and its activities -- are perfect for cyberespionage or surveillance operations. The 2015 data leak from Italian surveillance software maker Hacking Team revealed that the company was offering a UEFI rootkit to its law enforcement and government customers. Documents leaked recently by WikiLeaks about the U.S. CIA's cybercapabilities revealed that the agency purportedly has UEFI "implants" for Mac computers. However, instead of demonstrating a rootkit, the Cylance researchers chose to show that ransomware can also benefit from the high-privilege position and persistence of UEFI. Figuring out that malicious code is actually installed inside a computer's low-level firmware is hard to begin with, and removing it can also be complicated because it requires reflashing a clean UEFI image. Gigabyte plans to release a firmware update for GB-BSi7H-6500 this month to resolve the vulnerabilities but won't patch GB-BXi7-5775 because that model has reached its end of life, the CERT Coordination Center at Carnegie Mellon University said in an advisory. In response to the recent CIA revelations, Intel Security released a tool that can help computer administrators verify if their firmware has any malicious code. One limiting factor for UEFI vulnerabilities is that they rarely work for a large number of computers. That's because there are several firmware/BIOS vendors in the world that provide their reference UEFI implementations to computer manufacturers, which then further customize them by adding their own code. This means that there's a lot of fragmentation in the firmware of modern computers, and a vulnerability in the UEFI of a motherboard from one manufacturer is not guaranteed to work on products from other vendors or from the same vendor. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Security Windows PCs Malware & Vulnerabilities Lucian Constantin is an IDG News Service correspondent. He writes about information security, privacy, and data protection. Follow 4 high-growth tech fields with top pay You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Why you should start using Google Keep right away Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go FCC reverses net neutrality ISP transparency rules The U.S. Federal Communications Commission has voted to roll back some net neutrality regulations that... Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ President Donald Trump is considering a new way of distributing the H-1B visa to ensure they go to the... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch Mobile Email Evolution: The Security Mandate Popular Resources 3 Challenges of Moving to a Cloud-Based Infrastructure 3 Reasons Why Network Ops Needs to Focus on Application Performance Five Critical Success Factors for Embedded Analytics How to Become a Cloud Broker How to Monitor SaaS Applications Go Top Stories Justice Dept. says replacing U.S. workers may bring lawsuit The Department of Justice on Monday issued a warning to H-1B employers not to use the visa program to... Opinion: Taming the SaaS security wilderness As rogue applications proliferate, the need to protect corporate data requires new tools. The laptop is dead Here's Mike Elgan's open-and-shut case on why the venerable laptop is on its way out. It’s not game over for Apple TV -- yet The Apple TV is an interesting product in the company's line-up, a potential trojan horse into millions... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Skip to main content DONATE SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Search form Search Tuesday, April 4, 2017 Home World War & Peace Economy Climate Rights Solutions U.S. Canada Medicare for All! The 'Morally Obscene' Trump Budget Trump Resistance TrumpCare Falls With Trump As "Final Straw," Immigrant and Workers' Rights Groups Gear Up for May Day Strikes Published on Monday, April 03, 2017 by Common Dreams With Trump As "Final Straw," Immigrant and Workers' Rights Groups Gear Up for May Day Strikes "Day Without an Immigrant" aims to demonstrate critical role of immigrant labor in U.S. economy by Nadia Prupis, staff writer 0 Comments Organizers are expecting it to be the biggest turnout for this kind of event since the 2006 immigration reform marches, which saw over a million people take to the streets in hundreds of cities across the country. (Photo: Thomas Hawk/flickr/cc) Immigrant and workers' rights organizations on Monday announced a national strike to take place on May 1, commonly known as May Day, to demonstrate the critical role of immigrant labor in the U.S. economy. Hundreds of thousands of workers have already pledged to participate in the strike known as the "Day Without Immigrants." Organizers are expecting it to be the biggest turnout for this kind of event since the 2006 immigration reform marches, which saw over a million people take to the streets in hundreds of cities across the country in protest of raising penalties for undocumented immigration. This year, they will be taking a stand against the criminalization of black and brown communities, raids and deportations, and worker exploitation under President Donald Trump, who is known for his xenophobic policies and rhetoric. "Without workers, who does Trump think will harvest the crops, craft the food, transport it to market, stock the shelves, cook in kitchens, and serve the meals?" —Jose Oliva, Food Chain Workers Alliance The protests will follow a series of strikes in February, which saw thousands protesting anti-immigrant bills in Wisconsin under the banner #DayWithoutLatinos. "May 1 is the first step in a series of strikes and boycotts that will change the conversation on immigration in the United States," said Maria Fernanda Cabello, a spokesperson from Movimiento Cosecha (Harvest Movement), on Monday. "We believe that when the country recognizes it depends on immigrant labor to function, we will win permanent protection from deportation for the 11 million undocumented immigrants; the right to travel freely to visit our loved ones abroad; and the right to be treated with dignity and respect," she said. "After years of broken promises, raids, driving in fear of being pulled over, not being able to bury our loved ones, Trump is just the final straw. As we saw during the spontaneous strikes on February 16th, our people are ready." Cristina Moreno, a member of UNITE HERE Tech Cafeteria Workers who has worked as a cashier for the tech giant Intel for 20 years, said, "I'm a cafeteria worker at one of Silicon Valley's biggest tech companies, Intel, and my coworkers and I organized and won significant raises and healthcare. Now, we're coming together with hundreds more cafeteria workers on May Day to stand united. Immigrants like us are the backbone of the valley's tech industry, and we won't tolerate Trump and his racist policies." "We are a workforce made up mostly of immigrants, women, African Americans, and indigenous people," Jose Oliva of the Food Chain Workers Alliance, which will also be participating in the strike. "Without workers, who does Trump think will harvest the crops, craft the food, transport it to market, stock the shelves, cook in kitchens, and serve the meals?" This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 License Share This Article More in: U.S. , Immigration, Workers, People Power, Trump Resistance Top Comments (Click to see more comments or to join the conversation) Join the resistance! Sign Up for Newsletter   Today's Views Bill Bigelow Arkansas' Howard Zinn Witch-Hunt Fizzles... Jeffrey D. Sachs US Military Should Get Out of the Middle East Paul Buchheit Most Americans Are Getting Poorer. How "Healthcare for the Rich" Is Killing Many of Them... Matt Taibbi Putin Derangement Syndrome Arrives Robert Naiman Pocan, Amash Invoke War Powers as Trump Mulls Pushing Yemen Into Famine Richard Painter, Norman Eisen Ethics Laws Will Sideline Jared and Ivanka Justin Shilad As Egypt-U.S. Relationship Moves Forward, Jailed Egyptian Journalists Left Behind Chris Hedges A Nation of the Walking Dead William K. Black Ecuador’s Tax Evading Oligarchs Try to Reconquer the Nation Linda McQuaig Fighting Fake News About Canadian Health Care John Light The Deep State, Explained Camillo Mac Bica Inappropriate Art: "Open Casket" and "Portraits of Courage"... More Views News That Matters Proposed #CollegeForAll Plan Would Tax Wall Street to Destroy Student Debt Crisis RESIST DAY #74: What You Can Do Today Spicer Won't Give Straight Answer on Reported Changes to Trump Trust Trump, Who Wants to Cut Interior by Billions, 'Gifts' $78,000 to Park Service 'We Agree On So Many Things': Trump Heaps Praise on Egyptian Autocrat Calling the GOP's Nuclear Bluff, Dems Secure 41 Votes Against Gorsuch Federal Judge Blocks Pence's "Extreme" Anti-Abortion Indiana Law As Clock Ticks for Internet Privacy, Calls for Trump to Show "Whose Side He's On" Trump Administration Slapped With Lawsuits Over Blocked Energy Efficiency Standards With Trump As "Final Straw," Immigrant and Workers' Rights Groups Gear Up for May Day Strikes More News Further The Clocks Are Already Striking Thirteen, and Big Brother Is Coming To A Theater Near You On April 4, 1984, Winston Smith, the hero of Orwell’s 1984, begins his rebellion against a dystopian world - one "held in a grip of fear, a world of absolute conformity, continuous surveillance, organized hatred and ceaseless war" - by writing in a diary, "Down with Big Brother." Tuesday, 200 movie theaters will show 1984 to resist its coming and "take a stand for our most basic values: freedom of speech, respect for our fellow human beings, and (the) truth there are (no) ‘alternative facts.'" Read More... More Further Connect With Us About Common Dreams Our Mission: To inform. To inspire. To ignite change for the common good. Common Dreams has been providing breaking news & views for the progressive community since 1997. We are independent, non-profit, advertising-free and 100% reader supported. About Common Dreams Key Staff Writers' Guidelines The Commons - Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Jobs Contact Us Common Dreams P.O. Box 443 Portland, ME 04112-0443 USA via Email: Editor News Tips? Article Submissions News Release Submissions Webmaster / General Info 207.775.0488 (voice)  207.775.0489 (fax) Common Dreams brings you the news that matters. DONATE Sign up for Newsletter Click to Sign Up Connect With Us  
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump Neil Gorsuch ObamaCare Just In... Sessions to DOJ: Review police reform pacts Administration — 4h 16m ago Ryan transfers record $7M to NRCC in March House — 4h 27m ago Ivanka Trump’s rent costs $15K monthly: report Administration — 4h 59m ago White House will preserve all of Trump's tweets: reports Administration — 5h 9s ago Pence presents new healthcare offer to Freedom Caucus Healthcare — 5h 24m ago Bob Menendez, last undecided Democrat on Gorsuch, joins filibuster Court Battles — 5h 49m ago Larry King: Trump among ‘most ridiculous’ presidents Administration — 5h 58m ago Dems force Senate 'nuclear' showdown Senate — 6h 19m ago view all   With media's rush to judgment, Flynn right to request immunity By Raymond Tanter and Ed Stafford, opinion contributor - 04/03/17 03:00 PM EDT 9   © Getty Bottom line up front: Judgment of former national security advisor Michael Flynn should be withheld until all the facts are clear. Of course, such a conclusion does not have the allure of one asserting that the very request for immunity from prosecution is an indication of guilt, either of the party requesting or that of some other person higher in the hierarchy at the White House. But not so fast: Why rush to judge? When first considering this column, we were overwhelmed by mainstream press commentary that engaged in what might be called “rush to judgment.” It appeared as if the very request for immunity signaled guilt, obviating the need to wait for the relevant investigations to play out over time. ADVERTISEMENT It would be as if someone who pleaded the Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination were guilty simply for doing so. Of course, Flynn’s comments during the campaign, essentially asserting that point, does not help matters – many would like him hoisted with his own petard. After all, Flynn previously criticized Hillary Clinton’s aides for asking for similar treatment during the 2016 campaign.   But, fairness and due legal process demand an investigation before condemning someone, even if only a political condemnation. There is no rush — both houses of Congress and federal prosecutors can take their time to assess Flynn’s offered testimony and specifics of an immunity deal. Per Mayer Brown writing as the 2014 Congress began, “Congress can compel the production of documents and sworn testimony from almost anyone at almost any time.” “In sum, the legal authority of Congress to seek and use investigatory information is extremely broad and is subject to only minimal oversight by the courts. Absent clear violations of substantive constitutional rights, there are few formal restraints on congressional action, and recourse to the judiciary for relief from such action is extremely limited.” Dershowitz: "I can not for the life of me figure out" why Flynn asked for immunity https://t.co/AD4QZQGrGi pic.twitter.com/Jjgsn3G7wu— The Hill (@thehill) April 2, 2017 Flynn would likely face sanctions if he refused to testify without a grant of immunity, especially if the hearings were held in camera to protect classified information. Or we might have to endure a reply like an Ollie North repeatedly invoking the Fifth Amendment in a public hearing. A letter of Flynn’s lawyer, Robert Kelner, did not help his case. On Mar. 31, Ryan Lizza of The New Yorker reported that Flynn chose to be represented by Kelner, a self-described #NeverTrump Republican who voted for the independent candidate Evan McMullin. By selecting Kelner, it might indicate Flynn may be signaling he may turn against the president, per Lizza. On Mar. 30, Kelner argued his client was willing to be interviewed by congressional committees as part of their investigation of Russian interference in our elections and potential collusion of President Trump’s associates with Russian officials. The condition was that Flynn would only testify if he is granted immunity. Kelner said no “reasonable person” who has a lawyer would answer questions without assurances that he would not be prosecuted, given calls from some members of Congress that Flynn would face criminal charges. We concur with national security reporter for The Hill, Morgan Chalfant. On Mar. 31, she posed several questions that might be asked of Flynn by investigators. We believe three of the five are most pertinent to our theme of refraining from a rush to justice. First, “Who knew what about Flynn’s Russia contacts, and when did they know it?” Second, “What did the Trump campaign know about Flynn’s payments from sources in Russia and Turkey?” And third, “Did Flynn have any other foreign contacts besides Russia?” Top Intel Dem: "A grave and momentous step" for Flynn to request immunity https://t.co/hWKqOAH07N pic.twitter.com/TNL77WCGeE— The Hill (@thehill) March 31, 2017 Answers to the above questions can and should be posed prior to any grant of immunity to Flynn. His responses could be used to determine whether it ought to be offered to him. Congress has been deferential in exercising its immunity powers to avoid interfering with criminal investigations; we share the position of the chief White House ethics lawyers for Presidents George W. Bush and Barack ObamaBarack ObamaDems force Senate 'nuclear' showdown Gorsuch sherpa: Dems giving GOP ‘no choice’ on nuclear option Overnight Defense: Pentagon intensifies Yemen airstrikes | Kushner visits Iraq | Army warns against stopgap spending measure MORE, Richard Painter and Norman Eisen, respectively. They state  that, “Immunity should be granted as soon as Congress and prosecutors are persuaded that Mr. Flynn has information that will lead to a criminal case against one or more people at least as important to the alleged wrongdoing as Mr. Flynn may be.” Note that the grant of immunity would take place at the end of the process of gathering facts from investigations, rather than at the beginning. In conclusion, we hold that judgment should be withheld until all the facts are clear. And as soon as Congress and Department of Justice prosecutors are convinced that Flynn has information that will lead to a criminal case of higher-ups, then immunity might be granted or he might be subpoenaed. Dr. Raymond Tanter served as a senior member on the National Security Council staff in the Reagan-Bush administration and is now Professor Emeritus at the University of Michigan. Edward Stafford is a retired Foreign Service officer; he served in Political-Military Affairs at the State Department, as a diplomat with the U.S. Embassy in Turkey, and taught at the Inter-American Defense College. The views of contributors are their own and not the views of The Hill. Tags Hillary Clinton Barack Obama Legal immunity Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution Immunity from prosecution Eminent domain   View the discussion thread. Contributor's Signup Sign up to become a Contributor Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Trump signs internet privacy repeal President Trump signed a bill on Monday repealing internet privacy rules... 806 Shares 2 Environmental group slams Trump's... “If Donald Trump is actually interested in helping our parks, he should... 235 Shares 3 Senators fear fallout of nuclear... Senators in both parties are speculating that a blowup over President... 231 Shares 4 Juan Williams: Trump's risk of... OPINION: The gravity of the president’s problems could mean he does not... 215 Shares 5 Blackwater founder held meeting to... The meeting, in the Seychelles islands, reportedly occurred less than two... 204 Shares 6 Poll: Trump approval rating... Trump's approval rating is down 11 points from the same poll's results in... 169 Shares 7 Protesters unfurl giant 'Impeach... Protesters hung a giant "Impeach Trump" banner at the Washington Nationals... 144 Shares 8 Ivanka Trump’s rent costs $15K... The home's monthly rent is reportedly on-par with similar luxury... 127 Shares 9 Trump donates first-quarter salary... President Trump will donate his first three months of salary to the... 106 Shares 10 Pence presents new healthcare... Republicans are looking to revive their ObamaCare replacement bill.  104 Shares 11 THE MEMO: Trump set to notch... President Trump is on the brink of scoring his first big win, with Supreme... 102 Shares 12 Cambridge passes resolution... Cambridge, Mass., voted to approve a resolution calling for Congress to... 101 Shares 13 Paul: Susan Rice should testify... "She needs to be asked, did President Obama ask her to do this?" 96 Shares 14 Overnight Cybersecurity: Obama... Welcome to OVERNIGHT CYBERSECURITY, your daily rundown of the biggest news... 96 Shares 15 White House unveils official... The White House has unveiled Melania Trump’s first official portrait as... 94 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Schiff Mum on What He Saw at White House Byron York, Washington Examiner April 3, 2017 RCP Adam Schiff, ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, has been sharply critical of the panel's Republican chairman, Devin Nunes, for visiting the White House to view classified documents that Nunes says show the Obama administration intercepted the communications of Donald Trump associates before the president took office in January. Among other things, Schiff slammed Nunes for viewing the documents by himself and not sharing them with Democrats on the committee. So last week, White House counsel Don McGahn invited Schiff to come see the documents for himself. Schiff did so on Friday. Now, both the Republican chairman and the Democratic ranking member on the Intel Committee have seen the documents. And now, the public has a chance to hear another assessment to balance Nunes' claim that he saw dozens of intelligence reports involving the incidental collection of Trumpworld figures in Obama administration intercepts, with the names of some of them unmasked, and that none of it had to do with Russia. In other words, Nunes suggested the Obama administration misused its wiretapping powers to gather information on the Trump team. Read Full Article » Related Topics: Russia, Donald Trump Comment Show commentsHide Comments RCP Log In | Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related Articles ©2017 RealClearPolitics | Go to full site
