Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 Jefferies Group Equities Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Sterling Bancorp (STL) Jefferies Group Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Texas Capital Bancshares, Inc. (TCBI) Castle Brands Inc (ROX) Short Interest Up 1.9% in January Tanzanian Royalty Exploration Corp (TRX) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest Intel Corporation (INTC) Position Increased by Sigma Investment Counselors Inc. January 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Sigma Investment Counselors Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) by 7.6% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 11,386 shares of the chip maker’s stock after buying an additional 803 shares during the period. Sigma Investment Counselors Inc.’s holdings in Intel Corporation were worth $430,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other large investors have also recently modified their holdings of INTC. Global X Management Co. LLC increased its stake in shares of Intel Corporation by 52.0% in the second quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 3,037 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $100,000 after buying an additional 1,039 shares during the period. Penserra Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Intel Corporation by 36.3% in the second quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 3,178 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 847 shares during the period. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Intel Corporation by 55.3% in the second quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 3,443 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $113,000 after buying an additional 1,226 shares during the period. Roble Belko & Company Inc increased its stake in shares of Intel Corporation by 6.4% in the third quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc now owns 3,346 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $126,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the period. Finally, Financial Management Professionals Inc. increased its stake in shares of Intel Corporation by 18.7% in the second quarter. Financial Management Professionals Inc. now owns 3,960 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $129,000 after buying an additional 625 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 64.78% of the company’s stock. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) traded up 0.22% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $36.79. 15,072,235 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a market capitalization of $174.35 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.26 and a beta of 1.06. Intel Corporation has a one year low of $27.68 and a one year high of $38.36. The company’s 50-day moving average is $35.92 and its 200 day moving average is $35.42. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, October 18th. The chip maker reported $0.80 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.73 by $0.07. The firm earned $15.78 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $15.58 billion. Intel Corporation had a net margin of 17.90% and a return on equity of 21.05%. The business’s revenue was up 9.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.64 earnings per share. Equities analysts predict that Intel Corporation will post $2.67 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/15/intel-corporation-intc-position-increased-by-sigma-investment-counselors-inc.html. INTC has been the topic of several research analyst reports. Needham & Company LLC increased their price target on shares of Intel Corporation from $38.00 to $43.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, September 19th. Mizuho increased their price target on shares of Intel Corporation from $38.00 to $42.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, September 19th. Nomura increased their price target on shares of Intel Corporation from $38.00 to $42.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, September 19th. Argus increased their price target on shares of Intel Corporation from $41.00 to $45.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, September 19th. Finally, Jefferies Group increased their price target on shares of Intel Corporation from $44.00 to $49.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, September 19th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned a hold rating, thirty-four have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. Intel Corporation has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $39.78. In other news, Chairman Andy D. Bryant sold 24,383 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, October 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $35.35, for a total transaction of $861,939.05. Following the completion of the sale, the chairman now directly owns 399,940 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $14,137,879. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP Venkata S. M. Renduchintala sold 13,997 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, October 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $34.92, for a total transaction of $488,775.24. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 817 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $28,529.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.09% of the company’s stock. About Intel Corporation Intel Corporation is engaged in the design and manufacture of digital technology platforms. The Company’s segments include Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Software and Services (SSG) and All Other. CCG segment includes platforms designed for notebooks (including Ultrabook devices), 2 in 1 systems, desktops (including all-in-ones and personal computers (PCs)), tablets, phones, wireless and wired connectivity products, and mobile communication components. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 Jefferies Group Equities Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Sterling Bancorp (STL) Jefferies Group Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Texas Capital Bancshares, Inc. (TCBI) Castle Brands Inc (ROX) Short Interest Up 1.9% in January Tanzanian Royalty Exploration Corp (TRX) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest GWM Advisors LLC Acquires 6,799 Shares of Intel Corporation (INTC) January 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet GWM Advisors LLC raised its position in Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) by 39.3% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 24,113 shares of the chip maker’s stock after buying an additional 6,799 shares during the period. GWM Advisors LLC’s holdings in Intel Corporation were worth $905,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Day & Ennis LLC raised its stake in shares of Intel Corporation by 0.4% in the second quarter. Day & Ennis LLC now owns 7,459 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $245,000 after buying an additional 27 shares during the last quarter. D. Scott Neal Inc. raised its position in Intel Corporation by 0.7% in the second quarter. D. Scott Neal Inc. now owns 4,969 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $163,000 after buying an additional 35 shares in the last quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. raised its position in Intel Corporation by 0.8% in the second quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 4,496 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 37 shares in the last quarter. Beaumont Financial Partners LLC raised its position in Intel Corporation by 0.6% in the second quarter. Beaumont Financial Partners LLC now owns 8,070 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $265,000 after buying an additional 48 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Peoples Bank National Association raised its position in Intel Corporation by 0.5% in the second quarter. Peoples Bank National Association now owns 10,232 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $335,000 after buying an additional 50 shares in the last quarter. 64.78% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) traded up 0.22% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $36.79. 15,072,235 shares of the company traded hands. Intel Corporation has a one year low of $27.68 and a one year high of $38.36. The company has a market capitalization of $174.35 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.26 and a beta of 1.06. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $35.92 and its 200 day moving average is $35.42. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, October 18th. The chip maker reported $0.80 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.73 by $0.07. Intel Corporation had a return on equity of 21.05% and a net margin of 17.90%. The business had revenue of $15.78 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15.58 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.64 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 9.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Intel Corporation will post $2.67 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: “GWM Advisors LLC Acquires 6,799 Shares of Intel Corporation (INTC)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/15/gwm-advisors-llc-acquires-6799-shares-of-intel-corporation-intc.html. INTC has been the subject of a number of research reports. B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and set a $46.00 target price on shares of Intel Corporation in a report on Monday, October 24th. Sanford C. Bernstein restated a “market perform” rating and set a $35.00 target price (up from $33.00) on shares of Intel Corporation in a report on Friday, October 21st. Morgan Stanley restated an “underweight” rating on shares of Intel Corporation in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Vetr cut shares of Intel Corporation from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $39.47 target price for the company. in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, Robert W. Baird restated an “outperform” rating and set a $42.00 target price on shares of Intel Corporation in a report on Friday, October 21st. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have issued a hold rating, thirty-four have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $39.78. In other news, EVP Diane M. Bryant sold 11,607 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, December 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $34.74, for a total transaction of $403,227.18. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 112,006 shares in the company, valued at $3,891,088.44. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, Chairman Andy D. Bryant sold 24,383 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, October 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $35.35, for a total value of $861,939.05. Following the sale, the chairman now owns 399,940 shares in the company, valued at $14,137,879. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.09% of the company’s stock. Intel Corporation Company Profile Intel Corporation is engaged in the design and manufacture of digital technology platforms. The Company’s segments include Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Software and Services (SSG) and All Other. CCG segment includes platforms designed for notebooks (including Ultrabook devices), 2 in 1 systems, desktops (including all-in-ones and personal computers (PCs)), tablets, phones, wireless and wired connectivity products, and mobile communication components. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News EJF Capital LLC Reduces Stake in Aercap Holdings N.V. (AER) EJF Capital LLC Has $905,000 Position in Ford Motor Company (F) Page Arthur B Reduces Stake in Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) EJF Capital LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Malvern Bancorp, Inc. (MLVF) EJF Capital LLC Has $10,665,000 Stake in United Community Financial Corp. (UCFC) Invuity, Inc. (IVTY) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research MarineMax, Inc. (HZO) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Patten Group Inc. Decreases Position in PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (QQQ) Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. (PNFP) Position Reduced by Patten Group Inc. Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Stake Reduced by Horizon Investment Services LLC Horizon Investment Services LLC Has $409,000 Stake in Convergys Corporation (CVG) Horizon Investment Services LLC Increases Position in Spectra Energy Partners, LP (SEP) Horizon Investment Services LLC Invests $819,000 in SJW Corporation (SJW) TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Insider Douglas L. Soder Sells 6,666 Shares Comerica Incorporated (CMA) EVP Sells $94,569.84 in Stock Insider Selling: Xactly Corporation (XTLY) CEO Sells 5,000 Shares of Stock Alan Douglas Brimacombe Acquires 23,700 Shares of Rupert Resources Ltd (RUP) Stock Azumah Resources Ltd. (AZR) Insider Buys C$17,080.00 in Stock Golden Dawn Minerals Inc (GOM) Director Wolfgang Wiese Acquires 60,000 Shares Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. (ARE) Shares Sold by Kemper Corp Master Retirement Trust Intel Corporation (INTC) Position Lowered by LaFleur & Godfrey LLC January 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet LaFleur & Godfrey LLC decreased its position in shares of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) by 4.2% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 347,160 shares of the chip maker’s stock after selling 15,185 shares during the period. Intel Corporation comprises 3.8% of LaFleur & Godfrey LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 7th largest position. LaFleur & Godfrey LLC’s holdings in Intel Corporation were worth $13,105,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. River & Mercantile Asset Management LLP increased its stake in shares of Intel Corporation by 92.7% in the second quarter. River & Mercantile Asset Management LLP now owns 90,011 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $2,952,000 after buying an additional 43,300 shares during the last quarter. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Intel Corporation by 5.2% in the second quarter. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1,796,286 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $58,917,000 after buying an additional 89,568 shares during the last quarter. Peddock Capital Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Intel Corporation by 2.4% in the second quarter. Peddock Capital Advisors LLC now owns 26,063 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $855,000 after buying an additional 620 shares during the last quarter. James Investment Research Inc. increased its stake in shares of Intel Corporation by 12.8% in the second quarter. James Investment Research Inc. now owns 661,825 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $21,708,000 after buying an additional 75,124 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Douglass Winthrop Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Intel Corporation by 7.5% in the second quarter. Douglass Winthrop Advisors LLC now owns 41,772 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $1,370,000 after buying an additional 2,900 shares during the last quarter. 64.78% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) opened at 36.79 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $35.92 and a 200 day moving average price of $35.42. The stock has a market cap of $174.35 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.26 and a beta of 1.06. Intel Corporation has a 52-week low of $27.68 and a 52-week high of $38.36. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, October 18th. The chip maker reported $0.80 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.73 by $0.07. Intel Corporation had a return on equity of 21.05% and a net margin of 17.90%. The business had revenue of $15.78 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $15.58 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.64 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 9.1% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts expect that Intel Corporation will post $2.67 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Intel Corporation (INTC) Position Lowered by LaFleur & Godfrey LLC” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/15/intel-corporation-intc-position-lowered-by-lafleur-godfrey-llc.html. A number of analysts have recently issued reports on INTC shares. Mizuho raised their price target on shares of Intel Corporation from $38.00 to $42.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, September 19th. increased their price objective on shares of Intel Corporation from $35.00 to $37.00 and gave the stock an “underperform” rating in a research note on Monday, September 19th. Needham & Company LLC increased their price objective on shares of Intel Corporation from $38.00 to $43.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, September 19th. BNP Paribas set a $37.00 price objective on shares of Intel Corporation and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, September 19th. Finally, Jefferies Group increased their price objective on shares of Intel Corporation from $44.00 to $49.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, September 19th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have issued a hold rating, thirty-four have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $39.78. In other news, EVP Diane M. Bryant sold 11,607 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, December 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $34.74, for a total transaction of $403,227.18. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 112,006 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,891,088.44. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, Chairman Andy D. Bryant sold 24,383 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, October 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.35, for a total value of $861,939.05. Following the sale, the chairman now directly owns 399,940 shares in the company, valued at approximately $14,137,879. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.09% of the company’s stock. Intel Corporation Company Profile Intel Corporation is engaged in the design and manufacture of digital technology platforms. The Company’s segments include Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Software and Services (SSG) and All Other. CCG segment includes platforms designed for notebooks (including Ultrabook devices), 2 in 1 systems, desktops (including all-in-ones and personal computers (PCs)), tablets, phones, wireless and wired connectivity products, and mobile communication components. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Trump Says EU Dissolution Was Caused by Refugees © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Photography > Super Bowl LI to feature player POV replays –… Super Bowl LI to feature player POV replays – without attached cameras By Trevor Mogg — January 12, 2017 10:44 PM Subscribe Share Subscribe on YouTube Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Eager as ever to make the most of available technology to enhance its live sports coverage, Fox Sports will once again offer something a little different during its next major broadcast. As part of its Fox Sports Lab tech initiative, the company is planning to give viewers point-of-view perspectives from players on the field during Super Bowl LI in February. No, it doesn’t involve strapping GoPros to players’ helmets (they wouldn’t last five minutes), or even fitting tiny cameras inside. Instead, Fox has teamed up with Intel to create what it calls a “Be the Player” experience, a feature that displays POV footage from any player on the field without the need to attach a physical camera. If that sounds pretty darn clever, that’s because it is. The system involves Intel’s 360 Replay technology, which uses a raft of cameras placed around the stadium, all facing the action. The gathered data allows the director to zoom into any part of the field for a player POV replay, giving the audience a clear perspective on exactly what they were seeing at any stage of the contest. “We tasked Intel to push their amazing Intel 360 Replay technology to the limit of what it could do, using their array of cameras circling the stadium to synthesize a player’s view on the field,” Michael Davies, Fox Sports SVP of Field and Technical Operations, said in a release. “The cameras, backed up by a huge bank of Intel computing power, allow a moment to be recreated in 3D space, so that a ‘virtual camera’ can be placed at the player’s eye line – not unlike how limitless camera views can be created in video games.” Davies said the remarkable footage “literally brings the audience down to the viewpoint of the player at the critical decision-making moment. What other choices did he have? Was his sight blocked? It all looks much different from field level, and can assist our announcers in describing what actually happened on the field.” Check out the video above for a preview of what to expect during the big game at the NRG Stadium in Houston, Texas, on February 5. More: Here’s why feel-good ads dominate the Super Bowl In other efforts to jazz up its content, Fox Sports Lab recently partnered with virtual reality firm LiveLike to offer viewers a VR experience during December’s Major League Soccer Cup. Offered via Fox Sports VR app, it marked the first time for the league’s championship game to be offered in VR. The Lab also recently partnered with GoPro to fit referees with point-of-view cameras for the College Football Playoffs. “It’s in our Fox Sports DNA to constantly challenge our team to come up with new and interesting ways to enhance the viewing experience, bring fans closer to the action, and make the story of sports even more compelling,” Davies said at the time. Share
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Intel responds to report about hackers gaining… Intel responds to report about hackers gaining access to a debugging interface By Kevin Parrish — January 17, 2017 10:45 AM Subscribe Share Subscribe on YouTube Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Intel responded to a claim about hackers gaining hardware-level access to PCs sporting its sixth- and seventh-generation processors. The claim was made during a presentation at the 33rd annual Chaos Communication Congress conference in Hamburg, Germany, which showed how hackers could use a cheap device to gain access to a debugging interface embedded in hardware. The point of entry is through any USB 3.0 port on the device via Intel’s Direct Connect Interface (DCI) feature provided with its sixth- and seventh-generation platforms. “Intel implemented a proprietary Intel Direct Connect Interface over USB for JTAG [Joint Test Action Group] debugging of closed chassis systems as a feature for 6th and 7th Gen Intel Core processor based platforms,” Intel told Digital Trends. “DCI is an integral part in enabling debug of today’s light and small form factor systems via industry standard JTAG protocols.” More: Intel makes its Pentium processors more appetizing with Hyper-Threading That said, the hacking possibility revealed in the presentation is no cause for alarm. It’s not going to bring the world to a standstill. A hacker must have physical access to a PC in order to carry out this specific attack. Even more, if hackers do manage to gain physical access, they can just about perform any attack from any angle, whether it is through a USB port, breaking open the PC, and so on. Intel points out that BIOS Guard will keep hackers from changing the firmware, and even if hackers do gain access to the debugging interface, they can’t gain access to Intel’s confidential instructions without grabbing a key from Intel through a non-disclosure agreement. Even more, encrypted hard drives can withstand against this specific attack. “To provide additional security, the DCI interface is disabled by default per Intel specification and can only be enabled with user consent via BIOS configuration,” Intel told Digital Trends. “Physical access and control of the system is required to enable DCI.” For a better understanding of what’s going on, start with the debugging interface created by the JTAG. This standard was originally designed to test printed circuit boards once they were manufactured and installed but has since expanded to processors and other programmable chips. Scenarios for using the interface include forensics, research, low-level debugging, and performance analysis. The interface itself resides within the processor and programmable chips. In turn, JTAG-capable chips have dedicated pins that connect to the motherboard, which are traced to a dedicated 60-pin debugging port on a system’s motherboard (ITP-XDP). This port enables testers to connect a special device directly to the motherboard to debug hardware in relation to drivers, an operating system kernel, and so on. But now the JTAG debugging interface can be accessed through a USB 3.0 port by way of Intel’s Direct Connect Interface “debug transport technology.” When a hardware probe is connected to the target Intel-based device, the USB 3.0 protocol isn’t used, but rather Intel’s protocol is employed so that testers can perform trace functions and other debugging tasks at high speed. Using a USB 3.0 port means testers aren’t forced to break into the PC to physically connect to the XDP debugging port. Intel’s Direct Connect Interface appears to be embedded in the company’s sixth-generation motherboard chipsets, such as the 100 Series (pdf), and its processors. It’s also used in the new seventh-generation Kaby Lake platform as well, meaning hackers have two generations of Intel-based PCs to infest and possibly render useless, such as by rewriting the system’s BIOS. As shown in the presentation by security researchers Maxim Goryachy and Mark Ermolov, one way of accessing the JTAG debugging interface through the USB 3.0 port is to use a device with a cheap Fluxbabbitt hardware implant running Godsurge, which can exploit the JTAG debugging interface. Originally used by the National Security Agency — and exposed by Edward Snowden — Godsurge is malware engineered to hook into a PC’s boot loader to monitor activity. It was originally meant to live on the motherboard and remain completely undetectable outside a forensic investigation. However, as previously stated, hackers need to have physical access to a PC to take control and spread their malicious code in this specific JTAG-focused attack. Typically, the debugging modules in Intel’s processors require Intel’s SVT Closed Chassis Adapter connected via USB 3.0, or a second PC with Intel System Studio installed connected directly to the target PC via USB 3.0 as well. Finally, Goryachy noted in his presentation that the problem only resides with Intel’s sixth- and seventh-generation Core ‘U’ processor platforms. Obviously, Intel is now fully aware of the report, but there is really no cause for alarm. Still, the debugging interface on affected PCs can be deactivated if needed. Even more, Intel Boot Guard can be used to prevent malware and unauthorized software from making changes to the system’s initial boot block. This story was originally published in January 2017. Updated on 01-17-2017 by Kevin Parrish: Added Intel’s response regarding the potential access to its processors.   Share
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Capital Product Partners L.P. (cplp) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Chilton Investment Co. LLC Increases Position in Liberty Global PLC (LILA) Boston Private Wealth LLC Raises Stake in Unilever PLC (UL) K2 Principal Fund L.P. Invests $546,000 in Patriot National, Inc. (PN) Chilton Investment Co. LLC Has $2,543,000 Stake in First of Long Island Corp (FLIC) K2 Principal Fund L.P. Purchases Shares of 5,680 CBOE Holdings, Inc. (CBOE) Boston Private Wealth LLC Has $10,862,000 Position in Discovery Communications, Inc. (DISCA) Boston Private Wealth LLC Acquires 18,064 Shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) 260,000 Shares in Oshkosh Corporation (OSK) Acquired by Scopus Asset Management L.P. Reynolds American Inc (RAI) Shares Bought by Jane Street Group LLC Pretium Resources, Inc. (PVG) Position Lowered by Jane Street Group LLC Jane Street Group LLC Takes Position in HDFC Bank Limited (HDB) USA Truck, Inc. (USAK) Shares Bought by Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC Invests $304,000 in IBERIABANK Corporation (IBKC) Scopus Asset Management L.P. Purchases New Stake in Gaming and Leisure Properties, Inc. (GLPI) Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc. (ITCI) Shares Sold by Redmile Group LLC Jackson Square Partners LLC Cuts Position in LendingClub Corporation (LC) Jackson Square Partners LLC Sells 7,255 Shares of Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd. (TSM) Jackson Square Partners LLC Cuts Position in DineEquity, Inc (DIN) BP p.l.c. (BP) Shares Bought by EP Wealth Advisors Inc. Goelzer Investment Management Inc. Sells 300 Shares of Intel Corporation (INTC) January 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Goelzer Investment Management Inc. reduced its position in Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) by 2.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund owned 12,110 shares of the chip maker’s stock after selling 300 shares during the period. Goelzer Investment Management Inc.’s holdings in Intel Corporation were worth $457,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of INTC. Global X Management Co. LLC raised its stake in Intel Corporation by 52.0% in the second quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 3,037 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $100,000 after buying an additional 1,039 shares during the period. Penserra Capital Management LLC raised its stake in Intel Corporation by 36.3% in the second quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 3,178 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 847 shares during the period. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC raised its stake in Intel Corporation by 55.3% in the second quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 3,443 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $113,000 after buying an additional 1,226 shares during the period. Roble Belko & Company Inc raised its stake in Intel Corporation by 6.4% in the third quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc now owns 3,346 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $126,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the period. Finally, Financial Management Professionals Inc. raised its stake in Intel Corporation by 18.7% in the second quarter. Financial Management Professionals Inc. now owns 3,960 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $129,000 after buying an additional 625 shares during the period. 64.78% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) traded up 0.22% on Friday, hitting $36.79. 15,072,235 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $174.35 billion, a PE ratio of 17.26 and a beta of 1.06. Intel Corporation has a 52-week low of $27.68 and a 52-week high of $38.36. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $35.92 and its 200-day moving average is $35.42. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, October 18th. The chip maker reported $0.80 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.73 by $0.07. Intel Corporation had a net margin of 17.90% and a return on equity of 21.05%. The firm earned $15.78 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15.58 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.64 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 9.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts predict that Intel Corporation will post $2.67 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Goelzer Investment Management Inc. Sells 300 Shares of Intel Corporation (INTC)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/14/goelzer-investment-management-inc-sells-300-shares-of-intel-corporation-intc.html. Several equities research analysts recently commented on the company. B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and set a $46.00 target price on shares of Intel Corporation in a research report on Monday, October 24th. Sanford C. Bernstein restated a “market perform” rating and set a $35.00 target price (up previously from $33.00) on shares of Intel Corporation in a research report on Friday, October 21st. Morgan Stanley restated an “underweight” rating on shares of Intel Corporation in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Vetr lowered Intel Corporation from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $39.47 target price on the stock. in a research report on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, Robert W. Baird restated an “outperform” rating and set a $42.00 target price on shares of Intel Corporation in a research report on Friday, October 21st. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have issued a hold rating, thirty-four have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $39.78. In related news, EVP Diane M. Bryant sold 11,607 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, December 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $34.74, for a total transaction of $403,227.18. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 112,006 shares in the company, valued at $3,891,088.44. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 79,051 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.49, for a total transaction of $2,884,570.99. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 394,406 shares in the company, valued at $14,391,874.94. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.09% of the company’s stock. Intel Corporation Company Profile Intel Corporation is engaged in the design and manufacture of digital technology platforms. The Company’s segments include Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Software and Services (SSG) and All Other. CCG segment includes platforms designed for notebooks (including Ultrabook devices), 2 in 1 systems, desktops (including all-in-ones and personal computers (PCs)), tablets, phones, wireless and wired connectivity products, and mobile communication components. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Sunday January 29, 2017 News Local News Larger / SmallerNight Mode Nudging toward a simpler lifestyle PAUL BIEGLER 8 Jul 2016, 10 a.m. NATE Hagens' epiphany was powered by Intel. Well, strictly, by Intel shares. Giving it a Nudge: New artwork on the steps at Southern Cross Station stimulated a 140 per cent increase in stair traffic. NATE Hagens' epiphany was powered by Intel. Well, strictly, by Intel shares. In the 1990s Hagens was a vice president at Lehman Brothers earning a hefty $500,000 doing stock trades for some of the richest people on the planet. He spent nearly all of it, but can thank a recurring quirk of those billionaires for his Damascene moment. "I would field calls from clients and they were whispering because they didn't want their wives to hear them calling for stock quotes while they were in the delivery room. Their son or daughter was being born but they wanted to see where Intel stock was," says Hagens. Still in his 20s, Hagens did a volte-face on Wall Street, signed up for a PhD in natural resources and now earns a more modest $50,000 consulting and teaching systems ecology as an adjunct associate professor at the University of Minnesota. Hagens' feat is all the more remarkable because it overcame a stumbling block that vexes sustainability experts across the globe. Sustainability: Residents at the Wurruk'an eco village in Gippsland. The UN Environment Program estimates it will take three Earths to service our current consumption patterns should the world population reach the expected 9.6 billion in 2050. Yet there is, as one expert puts it, "a huge gap between the available knowledge about sustainable consumption and real action towards it, at all levels of society". The gap is a major challenge for the UN's 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development which calls on developing countries to take the lead to "protect the planet from degradation, including through sustainable consumption and production". The message to rein in consumption is clear, yet why do so many people seem impervious to it? At least part of the problem may be in our wiring. Hagens explains that psychological drives to over consumption start in our evolutionary past. Tribes that amassed surplus resources, such as food, and appreciated novel objects in their vicinity, such as predators, did better. We're primed to be acquisitive and like new things. Samuel Alexander is a research fellow with the Melbourne Sustainable Society Institute at the University of Melbourne and a co-founder of the Simplicity Institute, which champions an anti-materialist tradition. "I'm not convinced that human beings are always going to be rationally persuaded by new evidence that consumerism isn't satisfying, although some will. Often I've personally changed my views when I've seen real world lived examples. It is a more powerful mode of persuasion to actually see it rather than be told about it," Alexander says. With volunteers he has created Wurruk'an, an eco-village in a heavily treed acreage in Gippsland where a first group of residents has just lived out a year of "radical simplicity": building tiny houses from recycled materials, permaculture-grown zucchinis, a composting toilet, solar cooking and a retrofitted farm shed that serves as a communal kitchen using local produce. Alexander co-directed A Simpler Way: Crisis as Opportunity, a film that documents the experiment, which saw each resident's spend reduced to less than $100 a week.  Another psychological force might also explain the restraint seen at Wurruk'an. The iron grip that peers have on our psyche was borne out by Monash University researchers who found that disagreeing with others activates brain areas associated with cognitive dissonance and mental stress. The take-home lesson? It's a lot easier being green when your peer group is the same colour. Hagens prescription to making it work is a blunt one: "Choose your in-group wisely ... the biggest thing I've done is changed who my tribe was and chosen who I want to go through the future with." But if you can't make sustainable choices, someone else might design them for you. "Nudging" exploits psychological biases to subtly engineer people's decisions. Norwegian outfit GreeNudge leveraged our tendency to finish whatever is on our plates to reduce a hotel chain's food waste by 20 per cent. They just gave diners smaller plates. In 2014 David Halpern from the UK government's "Ministry of Nudges" teamed up with VicHealth to paint artwork on the steps at Southern Cross Station. Stair traffic went up 140 per cent.  Liam Smith, director of BehaviourWorks at the Monash Sustainability Institute, thinks nudges could reinforce a greener identity. He cites a Scandinavian case where public transport users were thanked for helping the environment. "Most people don't catch public transport for environmental reasons but for convenience, or speed. But if I was to be congratulated [for helping the environment] I create this new sense of who I am which predisposes me to act consistently with that new identity in the future." Latest News Jets women at the crossroads | photos Islam-critical Kirralie Smith seen as potential libertarian leader Australian Greens national council says factions 'incompatible' with its principles Families split as Trump Muslim ban 'banishes normal, honest people' Qantas offers refunds to Australians affected by Trump's 'Muslim ban' Editor's Picks A gentle man who endured with dignity The Elf on the Shelf in the Hunter | PHOTOS Extra-supermoon rising this month | photos Popular A whole lotta love hearts A gentle man who endured with dignity Horse float for dogs and cats Parents group fears for future of camps FLASHBACK FRIDAY: When the Knights mopped up Melbourne in the finals | photos Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive The Hunter’s best restaurants in pictures | photos CHECK out the top picks from our Weekender diners. Eye on the sky for the Hunter’s airshow Wild flying, amazing aircraft, close-calls and a touching tribute at the 2017 Hunter Valley Airshow. Thousands slide through the Hunter | PHOTOS PHOTOS :Thrillseekers converged on Pokolbin's Calais Estate for this year's Slideapalooza festival. Fricke wins Australian under-21 speedway title | PHOTOS Victorian rider Max Fricke has won his fourth Australian under-21 speedway solo title to add to his world ... Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport 90Minutes Red and Blue HQ Tipping Competition Soccer NRL National Sport AFL Basketball Tournaments Racing Form Fishing Opinion Editorial Letters Blogs Polls Opinion Liz Love Eats Out Column of the Day GREG RAY: Pictures of the Past Community Events Photo Sales Competitions Find Local Products & Services Newspapers in Education Forms Local Business Feature The Man on the Street Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Hunter Health Kick Kilgour Prize Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Theatre Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place your own classified Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive The Herald TV Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * CAPA motherboard * fanless embedded SBC * Single board computer * More Tags... Industry News * Computers * More Industries... News By Location * City of Industry   California   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News January 2017 Su Sa Fr Th We Tu Mo 29 28 27 26 25 24 23 Axiomtek's CAPA500- One of the Most Advanced 3.5" Embedded Boards in the market Axiomtek releases one of the most advanced 3.5" embedded boards in the market     Axiomtek’s CAPA500- One of the Most Advanced 3.5” Embedded Boards   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * CAPA motherboard * fanless embedded SBC * Single board computer Industry: * Computers Location: * City of Industry - California - US Subject: * ProductsCITY OF INDUSTRY, Calif. - Jan. 14, 2017 - PRLog -- Axiomtek, one of the world's leading designers and manufacturers of innovative, high performance and reliable PC-based industrial computer products, is proud to announce the CAPA500, the company's new 3.5" embedded motherboard with a combination of high computing capabilities, extensive storage space, rugged features and a compact form factor for space constricting environments. The CAPA500 features the high performance LGA1151 socket 7th/6th Generation Intel® Core™ processor and Intel® H110 chipset (Q170 optional). This advanced 3.5" embedded motherboard is highly expandable and customizable, making it suitable for IoT/M2M related applications, industrial control, self-service terminals, digital signage, retail/POS/kiosk displays and more. "Axiomtek's new CAPA500 is perfect for system integrators who require an embedded motherboard that features great expansion capabilities coupled with high performance processing power," said Product Manager Michelle Mi "The CAPA500 comes with a full-size PCIe Mini Card slot with mSATA supported and an optional ZIO connector for additional PCIe, LPC and USB ports, giving this SBC high expandability options to meet customer specific needs." The CAPA500 supports one 260-pin DDR4-1867 SO-DIMM with a memory capacity up to 16GB for extensive storage needs. This compact 3.5" embedded motherboard also offers display outputs through HDMI, VGA and LVDS for triple independent display applications. Moreover, the CAPA500 runs on +12VDC power, supporting auto power-on. To ensure operational stability in a variety of harsh environments, the CAPA500 features a wide operating temperature range of -20°C to +70°C under active thermal control. This highly integrated embedded board provides one RS-232/422/485 port with +5V/+12V power, one SATA-600 interface, dual Gigabit Ethernet ports with intel® i211AT and Intel® i219LM controllers, three USB 2.0, three USB 3.0 ports, HD audio and one 8-channel DIO port. To ensure reliable operation, the 3.5" embedded SBC supports watchdog timer, hardware monitoring and Intel® AMT 11 features. The CAPA500 is available now. Axiomtek provides a wide array of intelligent IoT & M2M industrial systems and embedded boards and modules. For more product information or pricing, please visit the Axiomtek website at http://us.axiomtek.com or contact a sales representative at solutions@axiomtek.com. Main Features - LGA1151 socket for 7th/6th Generation Intel® Core™ i7/i5/i3 processor - One DDR4-1867 SO-DIMM, up to 16GB - Intel® H110 chipset (Q170 optional) - One One COM port (RS-232/422/485), three USB 3.0, and three USB 2.0 ports - Intel® AMT 11 supported (optional) - VGA, HDMI and LVDS with triple-view supported About Axiomtek Co., Ltd Axiomtek Co., Ltd. established in 1990, is one of the world's leading designers/manufacturers of PC-based industrial computer products. From its roots as a turnkey systems integrator specializing in data acquisition and control systems, Axiomtek has mirrored the PC and IoT evolutions by shifting its focus toward the design and manufacture of PC-based industrial solutions and value-added services for different industries including, transportation, medical, industrial automation, power utilities and renewable energy, digital signage, network appliances, gaming, retail/POS/Kiosks. It has more than 60 distributor partners globally. Axiomtek offers industrial PCs, single board computers and system on modules, fanless and rugged embedded systems, intelligent transportation systems, EtherCAT Master Controllers, IoT gateway devices, touch panel computers, medical grade PCs, digital signage OPS players, industrial network and network appliances and casino gaming platforms. Axiomtek USA headquarters is located in City of Industry, Calif. Established in 1994, the subsidiary incorporates product integration and logistics as well as a wide range of service offerings including design assistance, technical support and return merchandise assistance. Axiomtek Systems in Methuen, MA, was formed in 2012 after its acquisition. It has added its high level of expertise on COTS integration and a variety of value-added services to Axiomtek USA's comprehensive suite of capabilities. Axiomtek USA has become the premier value-added service provider for systems integration assistance and project management. As an associate member of the Intel® Internet of Things Solutions Alliance, Axiomtek continuously develops and delivers cutting edge solutions based on the latest Intel® platforms. Contact Axiomtek 6265813232 solutions@axiomtek.com End Source : Axiomtek Email : ***@axiomtek.com Tags : CAPA motherboard, fanless embedded SBC, Single board computer Industry : Computers Location : City of Industry - California - United States Subject : Products Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse AXIOMTEK News Axiomtek's 19" Industrial Touch Panel PC for Kiosk Applications and HMI use – the P1197E-500 Axiomtek's Micro-sized DIN-rail Embedded Controller for Entry Level IIoT Applications- ICO100-839 Axiomtek Releases the IFB122 - its Newest Ruggedized Compact DIN-rail IIoT Gateway Controller Axiomtek's newest 1U Rackmount Network Appliance with Great Expansion Capabilities – The NA720 Axiomtek Launches New 8.4" Touch Panel PC for Space-constricting Applications- the GOT5840T-845 Trending Ashley Russo to Host 2017 Lehigh Valley Wine Gala and Dinner Don Barnhart Returns To Las Vegas Performing Nightly At Jokesters Comedy Club CKQ Reunion Concert: drummer Matt Wilson w/ original bandmates Kohlhase, & more Kcancer Hosts Forum On Food and Cancer Des Plaines Office Equipment Receives 2016 Elite Dealer Award Daily News Ashley Russo to Host 2017 Lehigh Valley Wine Gala and Dinner - 267 views New Book Aims to Combat Movie's Villainization of Dissociative Identity Disorder - 206 views Axiomtek's 19" Industrial Touch Panel PC for Kiosk Applications and HMI use – the P1197E-500 - 188 views The 5th Annual Unsung Heroes Leadership Awards Dinner Set for March 12, 2017 - 180 views Kcancer Hosts Forum On Food and Cancer - 143 views Weekly News Dale Sorensen Real Estate announces development of industrial style lofts - 3120 views SOCIALDEALER Welcomes Kerry Kolde as Chief Revenue Officer - 2794 views UPSL Announces Creation and Launch of Women's United Premier Soccer League - 2133 views Emoluments Law Suit, Filed Today, Haunted by Past Debacle - 1944 views Award-Winning News Anchor, Michelle Wright, Joins Cast of The Hunchback of Notre Dame - 1588 views Daily News Ashley Russo to Host 2017 Lehigh Valley Wine Gala and Dinner - 267 views New Book Aims to Combat Movie's Villainization of Dissociative Identity Disorder - 206 views Axiomtek's 19" Industrial Touch Panel PC for Kiosk Applications and HMI use – the P1197E-500 - 188 views The 5th Annual Unsung Heroes Leadership Awards Dinner Set for March 12, 2017 - 180 views Kcancer Hosts Forum On Food and Cancer - 143 views Weekly News Dale Sorensen Real Estate announces development of industrial style lofts - 3120 views SOCIALDEALER Welcomes Kerry Kolde as Chief Revenue Officer - 2794 views UPSL Announces Creation and Launch of Women's United Premier Soccer League - 2133 views Emoluments Law Suit, Filed Today, Haunted by Past Debacle - 1944 views Award-Winning News Anchor, Michelle Wright, Joins Cast of The Hunchback of Notre Dame - 1588 views PTC News Cavium to Contribute the First Programmable Wedge 100C Switch Design to OCP - 442 views Matthew Lewis of 'Harry Potter' To Make Wizard World Comic Con Debut In Portland, February 18-19 - 329 views Simmons, Hall, Brown, Carpenter Top Celebrities At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, March 17-19 - 225 views First Bancorp of Indiana, Inc. Announces Financial Results - 205 views Jingwei International Limited Changes Name and Effects Reverse Stock Split - 191 views Jan 14, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Turtle Beach Corporation (HEAR) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms Buy Rating for Intel Corporation (INTC) Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) to Post FY2016 Earnings of $3.30 Per Share, First Analysis Forecasts MarineMax, Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q4 2017 Earnings of $0.33 Per Share (HZO) Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) Forecasted to Earn Q4 2017 Earnings of $0.20 Per Share Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Increases Position in Torchmark Corporation (TMK) Diplomat Pharmacy, Inc. (DPLO) Position Increased by Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan FY2016 EPS Estimates for Petrus Resources Ltd Cut by Cormark (PRQ) SG Americas Securities LLC Takes Position in Rambus, Inc. (RMBS) SG Americas Securities LLC Raises Position in LTC Properties, Inc. (LTC) SG Americas Securities LLC Cuts Stake in Invesco PLC (IVZ) SG Americas Securities LLC Takes Position in Prestige Brand Holdings, Inc. (PBH) FY2016 EPS Estimates for Cimarex Energy Co Reduced by Analyst (XEC) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Walgreens Boots Alliance (WBA) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Spirit Aerosystems Holdings (SPR) Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Given a €15.50 Price Target at Macquarie Assicurazioni Generali SpA (G) Given a €17.20 Price Target at RBC Capital Markets Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Given a €18.20 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Assicurazioni Generali SpA (G) Given a €16.80 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC FY2017 EPS Estimates for ResMed Inc. Reduced by Feltl & Co. (RMD) CG Asset Management LLC Has $4,457,000 Stake in Intel Corporation (INTC) January 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet CG Asset Management LLC increased its stake in Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) by 20.7% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 118,065 shares of the chip maker’s stock after buying an additional 20,210 shares during the period. Intel Corporation accounts for 1.7% of CG Asset Management LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 15th largest position. CG Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Intel Corporation were worth $4,457,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of INTC. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in Intel Corporation by 1.9% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 299,534,545 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $9,824,733,000 after buying an additional 5,697,051 shares during the period. Capital World Investors raised its stake in Intel Corporation by 5.1% in the second quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 167,047,690 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $5,479,164,000 after buying an additional 8,095,076 shares during the period. Capital Research Global Investors raised its stake in Intel Corporation by 4.8% in the second quarter. Capital Research Global Investors now owns 103,104,372 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $3,381,823,000 after buying an additional 4,719,872 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its stake in Intel Corporation by 23.4% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 45,685,548 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $1,498,217,000 after buying an additional 8,662,708 shares during the period. Finally, Primecap Management Co. CA raised its stake in Intel Corporation by 1.0% in the second quarter. Primecap Management Co. CA now owns 32,038,210 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $1,050,853,000 after buying an additional 324,225 shares during the period. 64.78% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) opened at 36.79 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $174.35 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.26 and a beta of 1.06. Intel Corporation has a 52 week low of $27.68 and a 52 week high of $38.36. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $35.92 and a 200-day moving average price of $35.42. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, October 18th. The chip maker reported $0.80 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.73 by $0.07. Intel Corporation had a net margin of 17.90% and a return on equity of 21.05%. The business earned $15.78 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15.58 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.64 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 9.1% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that Intel Corporation will post $2.67 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “CG Asset Management LLC Has $4,457,000 Stake in Intel Corporation (INTC)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/14/cg-asset-management-llc-has-4457000-stake-in-intel-corporation-intc.html. Several analysts have commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered Intel Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 16th. BNP Paribas set a $37.00 price objective on Intel Corporation and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, September 19th. Vetr lowered Intel Corporation from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $41.20 price target on the stock. in a research note on Wednesday, October 12th. Cowen and Company lifted their price target on Intel Corporation from $36.00 to $38.00 and gave the stock a “market perform” rating in a research note on Friday, September 16th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $42.00 price target on shares of Intel Corporation in a research note on Wednesday, October 19th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned a hold rating, thirty-four have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. Intel Corporation presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $39.78. In other Intel Corporation news, EVP Diane M. Bryant sold 11,607 shares of Intel Corporation stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, December 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $34.74, for a total value of $403,227.18. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 112,006 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,891,088.44. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 79,051 shares of Intel Corporation stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.49, for a total transaction of $2,884,570.99. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 394,406 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $14,391,874.94. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.09% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Intel Corporation Intel Corporation is engaged in the design and manufacture of digital technology platforms. The Company’s segments include Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Software and Services (SSG) and All Other. CCG segment includes platforms designed for notebooks (including Ultrabook devices), 2 in 1 systems, desktops (including all-in-ones and personal computers (PCs)), tablets, phones, wireless and wired connectivity products, and mobile communication components. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 1/28 Trump Order Barring Refugees Sparks Protests, Praise 1/28 Updated Trump visa ban also applies to citizens with dual nationality: State Department 1/28 Here's why tech giants want to keep content cheap 1/28 Does Jaguar’s new sedan live up to the brand’s legacy? 1/28 Updated Trump says immigration ban ‘working out very nicely,’ while ACLU, others file lawsuit 1/28 Why Trump’s golf courses in Scotland are just like Carrier’s plant in Mexico 1/28 Updated 12 detained at New York airport under refugee ban 1/28 Updated Trump and Putin discuss fighting terrorism on the phone 1/28 Calexit movement gets a go-ahead 1/28 Updated How do I find my late father’s will when my stepmother is blocking the way? 1/28 Updated Here are the safest airlines to fly in 2017 1/28 Updated This is how much the White House is worth in 2017 1/28 Updated Fund that almost tripled the S&P 500’s gain last year is now big on health-care stocks 1/28 Updated This fund manager is finding profits in the wreckage of corporate Europe 1/28 Updated 10 ‘Dividend Aristocrat’ stocks expected to rise up to 22% as you get paid to wait 1/28 Updated The 10 cheapest, fastest-growing and most beloved Dow stocks 1/28 Updated Iran calls Trump’s order ‘an obvious insult to the Islamic world’ 1/28 Updated Weekend roundup: Dow 20,000 | Trump and your investments | How companies confuse you with ‘earnings’ 1/28 Updated This explains why Donald Trump calls his loyal supporters the ‘forgotten people’ 1/28 Updated This chart shows how Republicans and Democrats feel about their money right now Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Press Release Announcing ChecOut M - World's First Mobile AIO POS / Payment Terminal Solution By Published: Jan 14, 2017 12:00 a.m. ET Share Innowi unveils breakthrough, ChecOut M, All in One, POS & Payment solutions. ChecOut sets the bar for next generation customer experience. SANTA CLARA, Calif., Jan. 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Innowi, Inc. a leader in mobile hardware design, POS, payments and mCommerce solutions, today unveiled ChecOut M, the world's first mobile POS solution integrating powerful Payment (EMV, NFC & Magnetic stripe), POS and BI management applications into a smart, secure and sophisticated device.  ChecOut M is designed to transform the customer shopping experience and checkout process for both merchants and consumers. Partnering with Intel, Innowi's ChecOut M is being showcased this week at NRF 2017 in Intel's Pavilion #3125 where guests can experience ChecOut M's full range of products and services. New Customer Experiences for an Accelerated World Innowi's ChecOut M reflects the company's vision of the way mobile, "on the go" commerce operates, in today's accelerated economy. Its introduction is the culmination of Innowi's two years' of development efforts and a commitment to transform the shopping experience, by connecting merchants to consumers, with order and pay anywhere POS and Payment solutions. "Merchants of all types; retailers, hospitality providers, transportation, concession and even healthcare providers want mobile devices, services and solutions to quite simply; bust checkout lines, accelerate order taking and payment processing. This is especially true when it comes to giving merchants the latest innovation in mobile EMV card acceptance and a reporting suite, to help them gain management control of their business. These imperatives require an easy to use all in one device, with PCI certification and engaging applications that revolutionizes the consumers shopping experience and accelerates their business growth," said Zia Hasnain, CEO of Innowi, Inc. Additionally, Asif Rao, Innowi's President adds, "At Innowi we believe ChecOut M is the industry's most advanced and sophisticated set of mobile POS / Payment products and solutions. It's simplicity and uniqueness delivers on our vision of integrating leading edge hardware functionality, mobile payments, POS applications and business intelligence into a single device." Faisal Saeed, Innowi's CIO noted, "ChecOut M creates an amazing opportunity and flexibility for ISV developers and merchants to seamlessly transform their customers' experience, rather than to be burdened with long lines, ordering and payment delays created by legacy technologies and solutions of the past."  ChecOut M delivers a secure merchant solution designed, engineered and built by Innowi to get the most from their POS and Payment processing relationships, including: Sophisticated AIO mobile design featuring full HD POS & Payment screens Signature and pin on glass for all payment transaction; dip, tap and swipe; EMV, NFC and Magnetic Stripe payments. "On the Go" ordering and payment applications, with multiple product options to fit each  merchant's business needs Open POS platform ready to integrate with leading Android and Windows POS applications or dedicated ChecOut's personalized order and pay POS applications. World-class Intel Atom 2.24GHz processor, running Android Marshmallow or Windows 10 OS. 1D/2D barcode scanner for fast order entry and inventory management applications Highly secure biometric fingerprint sensor option for secure staff sign in Always on connectivity through Wi-Fi ac 2.4/5G, Bluetooth and 4G LTE options Location sensing GPS, gyro, proximity and accelerometer sensor technology Front 2MP & rear 8MP camera solutions for customer and back office communications Sophisticated, ruggedized industrial design, scratch & drop resistant surfaces with optional shock resistant cases Battery life options of eight or up to ten hours of uninterrupted power Open, scalable 3 [rd] party cloud marketplace solutions Jeffrey Brooks, Innowi's CMO added, "We've gone beyond innovative product design to bring ChecOut M to the market. Our goal is to address the diverse requirements of the various customer segments ChecOut M serves; retail, hospitality, transportation and healthcare, by selling through a three-tier channel model. This go to market model allows us to partner with leading ISVs', Merchant Processors, Merchant Service Providers, ISO and directly with large retail customers, looking to harness the power of ChecOut M to create their next generation customer experiences." Visit our website www.innowi.com to download images and media.  About Innowi Innowi is dedicated to revolutionizing the customer shopping experience, through "on the go" retail & hospitality POS and payment solutions. This includes delivering the latest innovation in mobile EMV card acceptance, addressing the issue which continues to plague the payment industry. With over three decades of experience in designing, building, integrating and marketing mobile & wireless solutions, Innowi brings an uncompromising commitment to design engineering, quality manufacturing standards, software integration and servicing expertise to its products and solutions. Innowi's commitment extends to working with leading industry partners in bringing mobility, innovative customer experience and solutions to the markets and customers they serve. For further information contact: Jeffrey Brooks, CMO Media & Analyst Relations Phone: 408.476.3123 jeffrey.brooks@innowi.com Related Links website website This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com/. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/announcing-checout-m---worlds-first-mobile-aio-pos--payment-terminal-solution-300391070.html SOURCE Innowi, Inc. Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Why Trump’s golf courses in Scotland are just like Carrier’s plant in Mexico Trump visa ban also applies to citizens with dual nationality: State Department Serena Williams beats sister Venus to win record 23rd Grand Slam title Apple earnings: iPhone 7 could break streak of shrinking sales These 85 stocks are now on a ‘buy’ list as Donald Trump takes office MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Announcing ChecOut M - World's First Mobile AIO POS / Payment Terminal Solution Innowi unveils breakthrough, ChecOut M, All in One, POS & Payment solutions. ChecOut sets the bar for next generation customer experience. News provided by Innowi, Inc. Jan 14, 2017, 00:00 ET Share this article ChecOut M sets the bar for next generation EMV, NFC "on the go", order & pay anywhere, customer shopping experience. SANTA CLARA, Calif., Jan. 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Innowi, Inc. a leader in mobile hardware design, POS, payments and mCommerce solutions, today unveiled ChecOut M, the world's first mobile POS solution integrating powerful Payment (EMV, NFC & Magnetic stripe), POS and BI management applications into a smart, secure and sophisticated device.  ChecOut M is designed to transform the customer shopping experience and checkout process for both merchants and consumers. Partnering with Intel, Innowi's ChecOut M is being showcased this week at NRF 2017 in Intel's Pavilion #3125 where guests can experience ChecOut M's full range of products and services. New Customer Experiences for an Accelerated World Innowi's ChecOut M reflects the company's vision of the way mobile, "on the go" commerce operates, in today's accelerated economy. Its introduction is the culmination of Innowi's two years' of development efforts and a commitment to transform the shopping experience, by connecting merchants to consumers, with order and pay anywhere POS and Payment solutions. "Merchants of all types; retailers, hospitality providers, transportation, concession and even healthcare providers want mobile devices, services and solutions to quite simply; bust checkout lines, accelerate order taking and payment processing. This is especially true when it comes to giving merchants the latest innovation in mobile EMV card acceptance and a reporting suite, to help them gain management control of their business. These imperatives require an easy to use all in one device, with PCI certification and engaging applications that revolutionizes the consumers shopping experience and accelerates their business growth," said Zia Hasnain, CEO of Innowi, Inc. Additionally, Asif Rao, Innowi's President adds, "At Innowi we believe ChecOut M is the industry's most advanced and sophisticated set of mobile POS / Payment products and solutions. It's simplicity and uniqueness delivers on our vision of integrating leading edge hardware functionality, mobile payments, POS applications and business intelligence into a single device." Faisal Saeed, Innowi's CIO noted, "ChecOut M creates an amazing opportunity and flexibility for ISV developers and merchants to seamlessly transform their customers' experience, rather than to be burdened with long lines, ordering and payment delays created by legacy technologies and solutions of the past."  ChecOut M delivers a secure merchant solution designed, engineered and built by Innowi to get the most from their POS and Payment processing relationships, including: Sophisticated AIO mobile design featuring full HD POS & Payment screens Signature and pin on glass for all payment transaction; dip, tap and swipe; EMV, NFC and Magnetic Stripe payments. "On the Go" ordering and payment applications, with multiple product options to fit each  merchant's business needs Open POS platform ready to integrate with leading Android and Windows POS applications or dedicated ChecOut's personalized order and pay POS applications. World-class Intel Atom 2.24GHz processor, running Android Marshmallow or Windows 10 OS. 1D/2D barcode scanner for fast order entry and inventory management applications Highly secure biometric fingerprint sensor option for secure staff sign in Always on connectivity through Wi-Fi ac 2.4/5G, Bluetooth and 4G LTE options Location sensing GPS, gyro, proximity and accelerometer sensor technology Front 2MP & rear 8MP camera solutions for customer and back office communications Sophisticated, ruggedized industrial design, scratch & drop resistant surfaces with optional shock resistant cases Battery life options of eight or up to ten hours of uninterrupted power Open, scalable 3rd party cloud marketplace solutions Jeffrey Brooks, Innowi's CMO added, "We've gone beyond innovative product design to bring ChecOut M to the market. Our goal is to address the diverse requirements of the various customer segments ChecOut M serves; retail, hospitality, transportation and healthcare, by selling through a three-tier channel model. This go to market model allows us to partner with leading ISVs', Merchant Processors, Merchant Service Providers, ISO and directly with large retail customers, looking to harness the power of ChecOut M to create their next generation customer experiences." Visit our website www.innowi.com to download images and media.  About Innowi Innowi is dedicated to revolutionizing the customer shopping experience, through "on the go" retail & hospitality POS and payment solutions. This includes delivering the latest innovation in mobile EMV card acceptance, addressing the issue which continues to plague the payment industry. With over three decades of experience in designing, building, integrating and marketing mobile & wireless solutions, Innowi brings an uncompromising commitment to design engineering, quality manufacturing standards, software integration and servicing expertise to its products and solutions. Innowi's commitment extends to working with leading industry partners in bringing mobility, innovative customer experience and solutions to the markets and customers they serve. For further information contact: Jeffrey Brooks, CMO Media & Analyst Relations Phone: 408.476.3123 jeffrey.brooks@innowi.com Related Links website website This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com/. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/announcing-checout-m---worlds-first-mobile-aio-pos--payment-terminal-solution-300391070.html SOURCE Innowi, Inc. Related Links http://www.innowi.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Announcing ChecOut M - World's First Mobile AIO POS / Payment Terminal Solution News provided by Innowi, Inc. Jan 14, 2017, 00:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 Jefferies Group Equities Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Sterling Bancorp (STL) Jefferies Group Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Texas Capital Bancshares, Inc. (TCBI) Castle Brands Inc (ROX) Short Interest Up 1.9% in January Tanzanian Royalty Exploration Corp (TRX) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest Bangor Savings Bank Boosts Stake in Intel Corporation (INTC) January 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bangor Savings Bank increased its position in Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) by 0.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 19,908 shares of the chip maker’s stock after buying an additional 103 shares during the period. Bangor Savings Bank’s holdings in Intel Corporation were worth $751,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. River & Mercantile Asset Management LLP boosted its stake in Intel Corporation by 92.7% in the second quarter. River & Mercantile Asset Management LLP now owns 90,011 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $2,952,000 after buying an additional 43,300 shares in the last quarter. Heritage Investors Management Corp boosted its stake in Intel Corporation by 2.8% in the second quarter. Heritage Investors Management Corp now owns 724,996 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $23,780,000 after buying an additional 19,764 shares in the last quarter. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Intel Corporation by 5.2% in the second quarter. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1,796,286 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $58,917,000 after buying an additional 89,568 shares in the last quarter. Trust Co. of Virginia VA boosted its stake in Intel Corporation by 8.4% in the second quarter. Trust Co. of Virginia VA now owns 211,890 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $6,950,000 after buying an additional 16,345 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Mitchell Mcleod Pugh & Williams Inc. boosted its stake in Intel Corporation by 5.5% in the second quarter. Mitchell Mcleod Pugh & Williams Inc. now owns 34,346 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $1,127,000 after buying an additional 1,802 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 64.78% of the company’s stock. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) traded up 0.22% during trading on Friday, hitting $36.79. 15,072,235 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock has a market cap of $174.35 billion, a PE ratio of 17.26 and a beta of 1.06. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $35.92 and a 200-day moving average price of $35.42. Intel Corporation has a 12 month low of $27.68 and a 12 month high of $38.36. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, October 18th. The chip maker reported $0.80 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.73 by $0.07. The company earned $15.78 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $15.58 billion. Intel Corporation had a net margin of 17.90% and a return on equity of 21.05%. Intel Corporation’s quarterly revenue was up 9.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.64 EPS. Equities research analysts expect that Intel Corporation will post $2.67 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Bangor Savings Bank Boosts Stake in Intel Corporation (INTC)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/13/bangor-savings-bank-boosts-stake-in-intel-corporation-intc.html. Several research firms recently commented on INTC. Wells Fargo & Company restated a “top pick” rating and issued a $45.00 target price on shares of Intel Corporation in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Vetr cut Intel Corporation from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $41.13 target price on the stock. in a research report on Monday, December 19th. Evercore ISI restated a “buy” rating and issued a $45.00 target price (up from $43.00) on shares of Intel Corporation in a research report on Friday, December 16th. Brean Capital restated a “buy” rating on shares of Intel Corporation in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Finally, Loop Capital began coverage on Intel Corporation in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $40.00 target price on the stock. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating, thirty-four have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $39.78. In related news, EVP Stacy J. Smith sold 29,497 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, October 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $35.38, for a total transaction of $1,043,603.86. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 257,695 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $9,117,249.10. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Chairman Andy D. Bryant sold 24,383 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, October 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $35.35, for a total transaction of $861,939.05. Following the sale, the chairman now directly owns 399,940 shares in the company, valued at $14,137,879. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.09% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. About Intel Corporation Intel Corporation is engaged in the design and manufacture of digital technology platforms. The Company’s segments include Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Software and Services (SSG) and All Other. CCG segment includes platforms designed for notebooks (including Ultrabook devices), 2 in 1 systems, desktops (including all-in-ones and personal computers (PCs)), tablets, phones, wireless and wired connectivity products, and mobile communication components. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Politics Bob Woodward: ‘Trump’s Right’ — Intel Community Has Treated Him Like ‘Garbage’ [VIDEO] Christian Datoc Reporter 10:35 AM 01/15/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5423180 Bob Woodward backed Donald Trump in his ongoing feud against the U.S. intelligence community during a panel discussion on “Fox News Sunday.” WATCH: “In Trump’s mind, he knows the old adage, ‘once a C.I.A. man, always a C.I.A. man,’ and no one came out and said those people shouldn’t be saying those things,” the Washington Post’s famed editor explained. “So act two is the briefing when this dossier is put out.” “I’ve lived in this world for 45 years where you get things and people make allegations,” he continued. “That is a garbage document.” Donald and Melania Trump (Getty Images) “It never should have been presented as part of an intelligence briefing, as you suggested — other channels have the White House counsel give it to Trump’s incoming White House counsel.” Woodward emphatically stated the president-elect is “right to be upset about that, and I think if you look at the real chronology and the nature of the battle here, those intelligence chiefs who were the best we’ve had, who were terrific and have done great work — they made a mistake here.” “When people make a mistake, they should apologize.” Follow Datoc on Twitter and Facebook Tags: Bob Woodward, Chris Wallace, Donald Trump, Fox News Sunday, The Washington Post Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Help Make A Great 2017: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Kaby Lake HD Graphics 630 Appear To Be Coming Up Short On Linux Written by Michael Larabel in Graphics Cards on 14 January 2017. Page 1 of 4. 21 Comments One would think the graphics of a Core i5 7600K "Kaby Lake" processor would be faster than the Core i5 6600K "Skylake" or even a Core i5 6500, but that's not always the case with the current state of the Linux driver support for the newest-generation Intel hardware. A few days ago I wrote about the poor P-State performance with Kaby Lake for this Core i5 7600K CPU I bought last week. When running graphics tests, the performance with Mesa 13.1-devel Git + Linux 4.10 has also been rather disappointing. Even if switching over to CPUFreq with its performance governor, it still isn't running faster than its previous-generation brother, the 6600K. That's with the system built around an ASUS Z270-P motherboard, the very latest BIOS, dual channel DDR4-2400 memory with XMP profile enabled, and ensuring everything else is in good shape. Similar to some past generations of Intel hardware launches, the Linux support at the moment doesn't appear to be quite up to scratch. This isn't even with the stock Ubuntu 16.10 experience but rather when using Mesa Git from the Padoka PPA and the Linux 4.10 Git kernel as the latest mainline code. I compared my fresh Kaby Lake OpenGL and Vulkan benchmark results to the recent Intel IvyBridge/Haswell/Broadwell/Skylake OpenGL & Vulkan Benchmarks On Linux 4.10 + Mesa 13.1 article. As a refresher, the Core i5 7600K is a quad-core part with 3.8GHz base frequency, 4.2GHz turbo, and sports HD Graphics 630. The HD Graphics 630 on this i5-7600K clock up to 1.15GHz. This processor should be performing better than the i5-6600K quad-core that has a 3.5GHz base, 3.9GHz turbo, and HD Graphics 530 that clock up to 1.15GHz. Or also in these benchmarks is the Core i5 6500 with its HD Graphics 530 only clocking up to 1.05GHz. Tweet Page 1 - IntroductionPage 2 - OpenGL BenchmarksPage 3 - OpenGL BenchmarksPage 4 - Vulkan Benchmarks Page: 1234Next Page 21 Comments Related Articles NVIDIA Linux OpenCL Performance vs. Radeon ROCm / AMDGPU-PRO Kaby Lake HD Graphics 630 Appear To Be Coming Up Short On Linux NVIDIA CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks For Ending 2016 + cuDNN Caffe AlexNet/Googlenet The Perf-Per-Watt Of NVIDIA Fermi To Pascal, AMD R700 To Polaris With Newest Linux Drivers 31-Way NVIDIA GeForce / AMD Radeon Linux OpenGL Comparison - End-Of-Year 2016 Trending Linux News NetworkManager 1.6 Released GNOME's Mutter Rolls Out New Monitor Configuration System Wine 3.0 To Be The Next Major Stable Release, More Version Bumping Ahead There's Now A KDE-Branded Laptop Running Neon With Plasma 5 Ubuntu 17.04 Continues Prepping For Linux 4.10 Latest Linux News VK9 - Direct3D-Over-Vulkan - Reaches New Milestones Clear Linux vs. Ubuntu On An Intel Pentium CPU Oracle Switching Solaris To A Continuous Delivery Model RADV Now Supports Vulkan 1.0.39's VK_KHR_get_physical_device_properties2 libdrm 2.4.75 Library Released: Intel Synchronization Changes, USB Support Ubuntu 17.04 Spins Do Their Lone Alpha Release Early Benchmarks Of The Intel Core i7 7700K On Linux AMDGPU Changes Queued For Linux 4.11: Power/TTM Changes, No DC/DAL Blend2D: Working Towards A New Software-Based 2D Renderer Solus Linux Experimenting With Automated Profiling/Optimizations Latest Featured Articles GCC 7.0 vs. LLVM Clang 4.0 Performance (January 2017) AMDGPU-PRO 16.60 Vulkan vs. Mesa 17.1-dev RADV Performance AMDGPU/RadeonSI Linux 4.10 + Mesa 17.1-dev vs. NVIDIA 378.09 Performance Linux Memory Performance With Intel Kabylake From DDR4-1600 To DDR4-3333MHz AMDGPU-PRO vs. NVIDIA OpenCL Performance With ArrayFire Using 18 GPUs Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Intel panel to examine possible campaign links with Russia By Associated Press Published: 19:11 EST, 13 January 2017 | Updated: 19:11 EST, 13 January 2017 e-mail WASHINGTON (AP) — The Senate Intelligence Committee will investigate possible contacts between Russia and the people associated with U.S. political campaigns as part of a broader investigation into Moscow's meddling in the 2016 presidential election. In a statement late Friday, Sens. Richard Burr. R-N.C., the committee's chairman, and Mark Warner, D-Va., the panel's top Democrat, said the panel "will follow the intelligence where it leads." Burr and Warner said that as part of the investigation they will interview senior officials from the Obama administration and the incoming Trump administration. They said subpoenas would be issued "if necessary to compel testimony." Russian President Vladimir Putin chairs a Security Council meeting in the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, Friday, Jan. 13, 2017. (Alexei Druzhinin/Sputnik, Kremlin Pool Photo via AP) "We will conduct this inquiry expeditiously, and we will get it right," the senators said. A declassified intelligence report released last week said Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a hidden campaign to influence the election to favor President-elect Donald Trump over Democrat Hillary Clinton, revelations that have roiled Washington. Trump and his supporters have staunchly resisted the findings and Trump has leveled a series of broadsides at U.S. intelligence agencies, even though he'll have to rely on their expertise to help him make major national security decisions once he takes over at the White House next week. He will be sworn in Jan. 20. At a news conference this week, Trump speculated that U.S. intelligence agencies might have leaked details about a classified briefing with him that included unsubstantiated allegations that Russia had collected compromising sexual and financial information about him. He said any such information was not true: "It's all fake news. It's phony stuff. It didn't happen." The bulk of the Senate Intelligence Committee's work will be done in secret, although the senators said they will hold open hearings when possible. "As the committee's investigation progresses, we will keep Senate leadership, and the broader body, apprised of our findings," Burr and Warner said. Democrats and some Republicans have pressed for a special, select bipartisan committee to conduct the investigation, but Republican leaders have maintained that the existing committees are capable of handling the inquiries. According to the committee's statement, the inquiry will include: — A review of the intelligence that informed the declassified report about Russia's interference in the election. — "Counterintelligence concerns" related to Russia and the election, "including any intelligence regarding links between Russia and individuals associated with political campaigns." — Russian cyber activity and other "active measures" against the United States during the election and more broadly. ___ Follow Richard Lardner on Twitter: http://twitter.com/rplardner Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'I found a bench and made my bed': Gail Porter reveals she was forced to sleep outdoors and now lives off just £200 a month... after being declared bankrupt The hardest-working top in the world! Kim Kardashian nearly spills out of cropped tank that shows off cleavage AND abs during Costa Rica dinner These boots are made for partying! Michelle Keegan cuts a stunning figure in clinging cream mini-dress and thigh-high boots for night on the town  'I'm lucky to have conceived naturally at 44': Geri Horner reveals delight in smooth delivery of son Montague... and admits she won't be a 'fanatic' about losing baby weight 'It's the reason we split!': Katie Price's ex-fiance Leandro Penna claims 'he ended their engagement after she bedded Simon Cowell... despite glamour model's firm denials'  She's got some front! Thandie Newton wows in plunging dress as she supports Westworld at the Producers Guild Of America Awards 'She could win the whole show!' Will.i.am left embarrassed on The Voice after failing to turn round for a contestant who co-wrote one of his hits Off to the races! Karolina Kurkova shows off curves in form-fitting cream dress and  big floppy hat at  Pegasus World Cup Actor Kal Penn starts a fund-raising page for Syrian refugees in the name of a Twitter user who said he doesn't belong in this country PICTURED: Robin Thicke seen for first time after pulling out from events honouring late father Alan 'I gained 40 pounds': Katherine Heigl reveals her 'terror' as she packed on the pounds during her pregnancy with newborn son Joshua Twice as nice! Bella Thorne shares two topless photos after showing off new piercing in tight pink top Shake It Up actress shared risque photos  Star power: Supermodel Karlie Kloss to lead the runway at the David Jones Autumn/Winter show... as she models the latest collection of moody florals Just like dad! King Cairo, four, shows off his new grill during Costa Rica vacation...while Tyga poses up a storm with girlfriend Kylie Jenner Victoria's Secret Model Kelly Gale shows off her INCREDIBLY toned abs and impressive cleavage as she continues her luxury Bali vacation  Bali beauty! The Bachelor's Megan Marx flaunts toned physique in TINY black bikini beachside as she enjoys her new island life with girlfriend Tiffany Scanlon  Kim Kardashian's jewels seized in the Paris heist 'have been MELTED and the only piece left is her £3.5m engagement ring, gang boss tells police' Sheer dazzling! Nicole Kidman stuns in an embellished gown at the Producers Guild Awards with husband Keith Urban Dapper Justin Timberlake dons designer black suit for Variety brunch celebrating Oscar nominees An incredible feet! David Beckham reveals his shoe collection rivals that of wife Victoria as he admits he owns 'thousands' of pairs of football boots Is Vince Colosimo wondering 'What if?' as I'm a Celebrity...kicks off without him after claims the actor was 'pulled' from the cast last minute due to drugs charges Incest, cannibalism, and parties for duck hunters & prostitutes dressed as ducks...but using the 'N word' was a dangerous step backwards in Taboo, by Jim Shelley Curves ahead! Kylie Jenner shows off her cleavage and flat stomach in eye-catching swimwear during family holiday in Costa Rica Kerry Washington shows off her incredible post-baby body in a semi-sheer dress as she hits the Producers Guild Awards red carpet  'He's a hypocrite': Calum Best put up for eviction by Jedward... as they battle against Kim Woodburn, Nicola McLean and Jamie O'Hara to stay in the CBB house Her sexiest selfie yet! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample bosom in teeny designer string bikini on family vacay in Costa Rica 'Another day in paradise': Bronzed beauty Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her hard-earned abs in a bright orange bikini on holiday in Abu Dhabi Back in black!: Olivia Newton-John, 68, looks radiant walking through LAX as she arrives from her Ireland and UK tour Jennifer Metcalfe steps out with boyfriend Greg Lake... after his ex-Geordie Shore co-star Gaz Beadle's cringey tweet about the Hollyoaks actress' relationship with Duncan James She's funny too! Emma Stone does her best Ryan Gosling impression as she promotes awards favorite La La Land PICTURE EXCLUSIVE! Chairlift for two? The Jump's Spencer Matthews and Vogue Williams put on a VERY cosy display as they hit the ski slopes 'I was numb to all the bullsh*t': Rihanna reveals past struggles while recording her Anti album on year anniversary Angelina Jolie rocks black leather pants and boots with silky top as she takes twins Knox and Vivienne, 8, shopping in Malibu Game Of Thrones' Maisie Williams showcases her svelte figure in black mini dress at SAG nominees event A vision in white! Kaley Cuoco wows in embellished mini dress for Entertainment Weekly bash Sadie Frost goes casual in joggers while cosying up to multi-millionaire beau Darren Strowger... as they join Jo Wood and her on-off boyfriend at glitzy birthday bash His leading lady! John Legend plants kiss on Chrissy Teigen as couple make arrival to Producers Guild Awards No Hidden Figures here! Taraji P Henson and Janelle Monae turn heads in delightful dresses at PGA Awards Natalie Portman pays tribute to her Jackie co-star Sir John Hurt after he dies at age 77 Pregnant star released a moving statement So didn't anyone tell Alesha Dixon it was Britain's Got Talent's 'bring your dog to work' day? ...or has she hidden one inside those giant flares?  Not just a pretty face! Victoria's Secret model Karlie Kloss is learning COMPUTER CODING and is launching a Kode with Klossy scholarship for women Charlotte McKinney puts on a leggy display in metallic bodycon dress... after revealing she was called a 's**t' growing up due to her ample chest Back in her bikini! Kim Kardashian shows off her stunning figure as she sunbathes in tiny two piece in Costa Rica Displayed her perfect curves Gaz Beadle's stunning girlfriend Emma McVey flashes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as the pair enjoy a romantic date night in Manchester Purple patch! Katie Piper shows off new LILAC hairstyle as she celebrates success of her latest book with husband Richard  Lindsay Lohan rebrands herself as she returns to Instagram after hiatus with posts about Syrian refugees Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans killed by Islamic jihadist immigrants  Funny guy Justin Timberlake photobombs John Legend and Chrissy Teigen at the Producers Guild Awards The doctor is in! Kristen Stewart poses with Peanuts character Lucy for breast cancer benefit at Knott's Berry Farm She's got great jeans! Jessica Biel keeps it casual in ripped denim while leaving her restaurant Au Fudge with son Silas La La Land executive producer John Legend slams Trump's 'Muslim ban'... as musical wins best film of the year at Producers Guild Of America Awards Hilary Duff makes red carpet debut with new beau Matthew Koma at Hollywood bash Sizzling snow bunnies! Vogue Williams, Lydia Bright and Josie Gibson dazzle in vibrant ski suits in the first official stills from The Jump Blonde beauties dazzle 'They are not realistic or even attractive': Jedward slam Nicola McLean's BOOBS after she scolded them for walking in on her changing in the CBB house 'We know each other better than anyone': David Beckham reveals he and Victoria have worked through 'tough times' as he gushes about their marriage on Desert Island Discs Getting a grip on things? Georgia May Foote enjoys a PDA packed frolic on the beach in Los Angeles with shirtless boyfriend George Alsford From yachts, mansions and parties to an AVO: Entertainment entrepreneur Ron Creevey has order taken out against him by wife Danielle She must be hot! Kim Kardashian wears very low-cut tank top as she uses Snapchat filters while playing with North and Saint in Costa Rica GIRL ABOUT TOWN: 'Naked' Kate is on the verge of getting a gong at long last for service to the Royal Family after impressing the Queen with her work for mental health charities  Suddenly shy! Bella Hadid hides behind a scarf and baseball cap in NYC after showing off her chest in see-through dress in Paris The 20-year-old model hid behind a scarf What a pro! Justin Bieber shoots goal for his team at NHL All-Star Celebrity Shootout honouring Alan Thicke The 21-year-old pop star hit the ice Monochrome mayhem! Alesha Dixon flashes her taut tummy and cleavage in a sassy tonal coord at Britain's Got Talent auditions in London Scarlett Moffatt flaunts enviably slender figure in slinky top and skinny jeans on glamorous girls' night... after making presenting debut at the NTAs Showing Scott (and Justin) what they're missing! Kourtney Kardashian stuns in black bra top with silky slacks as she dines with her sisters Legs eleven...out of Ocean's Eight! Sandra Bullock, 52, stuns in thigh-skimming sheer mini-dress on set in NYC Puppy love! Amanda Holden, David Walliams and Ant & Dec cuddle up to their pet pooches as they arrive at first audition for Britain's Got Talent 2017 Daddy and me time! Blac Chyna shares sweet Snaps of Rob Kardashian kissing and cuddling their baby Dream She wore blue lace! Game Of Thrones star Sophie Turner dazzles in see-through suit at Variety brunch Left little to the imagination She didn't get the memo! Khloe Kardashian covers up in maroon top and jeans as her sisters model bra tops in Costa Rica 'Oh the horror!': Dame Joan Collins on the nightmarish scene at her home after a leak in a neighbour's flat led to a ceiling caving in  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Anthony Joshua punching above his weight? Heavyweight champion only owns a minority share in his new 'passion project' gym New channel, same old problem...The mentors are better than on the BBC. But ITV is finding improving the contestants rather harder on The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Newly-engaged Pixie Lott oozes androgynous chic in black pantsuit as she cosies up to fiancé Oliver Cheshire at Dolce and Gabbana show in Milan White hot! Amanda Holden oozes sex appeal as she shows off her sensational legs while lounging around during Britain's Got Talent audition break Heather Mills, 49, shows off her sensational figure in a plunging white mermaid maxi as she throws some shapes during night out in Austria 'A few drinks in Scotland!': Pete Wicks enjoys solo weekend away from girlfriend Megan McKenna... following their blazing row at the NTAs All bundled up: Lea Michele looks like she can barely breathe as she wraps scarf tightly around her neck during NYC outing with a pal Move over, Arnold! Adriana Lima shows off toned abs at Muscle Beach in Venice for Victoria's Secret shoot Strutted along the boardwalk  Sharon Osbourne 'negotiates £2million deal to return to X Factor this year... despite not finalising commitments for US show The Talk' Looking good for her lady! Stella Maxwell flashes her amazing abs for spa outing with 'girlfriend' Kristen Stewart Tickled pink! Taryn Manning giggles as she models flirty hair color at Variety brunch after revealing she has no plans to leave OITNB The baby is here! Law & Order: Criminal Intent star Saffron Burrows, 44, welcomes daughter Daisy with her wife Alison CBB's Coleen Nolan breaks down in tears as she discovers son Shane Richie Jr. has taken her surname in show of support during marriage woes Newlywed Luann De Lesseps looks radiant as she dances with RHONY castmates at fundraiser after romantic honeymoon Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown set to appear in her first movie Godzilla: King Of Monsters Expanding career with epic new role Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event Looking gorgeous Hailey Baldwin looks lovely in blue leather outfit as she graces her third Harper's Bazaar cover... this time for Turkey GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Boris takes a leaf out of Churchill's book by posing in a bath (but unlike Sir Winston, the Foreign Secretary kept his clothes on) 'I want another baby!' Emily MacDonagh reveals plans to add to brood with husband Peter Andre... as he admits he 'doesn't mind practicing' New Fifty Shades Darker clip shows extended date night between Anastasia Steele and Christian Grey that gets steamy in elevator Ruff day? Downcast Rooney Mara steps out in all black with her pup following two successful Sundance premieres Just returned from the Sundance Film Festival  Date night! Model Chanel Iman shows off her toned tummy as she joins beau Sterling Shepard for dinner at LA hotspot Make-up free Sam Faiers looks worlds away from her usual glamorous self as she goes low-key in workout gear after a gym session Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall rocks a baggy T-shirt and thigh-high boots as she hits the town for girls' night out with Liam Payne's ex Danielle Peazer 'She's fuming!' Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry shoots daggers as ex Marty McKenna swears at her during yet ANOTHER explosive spat in nightclub Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration It's only been six months! Kim Kardashian's ex Ray J renews wedding vows with Princess Love in Europe 'We're basically in a relationship!' Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara declare themselves 'official' on CBB... before laughing about her boyfriend on the outside Princess Eugenie keeps a low profile in sombre ensemble as she steps out for dinner at celebrity hotspot Chiltern Firehouse in London 'Stop Crying, we're in Woolies': Guy Sebastian shares video of wife Jules sobbing in the supermarket after watching Lion Affected audience 'F*** you! I'm not your buddy': CBB's Calum Best bites back as Jedward's John Grimes launches a scathing attack on him and Nicola McLean  Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy But where's Jen? Aniston's husband Justin Theroux steps out in all black as he bumps into House Of Cards star Elizabeth Marvel in NYC Sofia Vergara flaunts her fabulous figure in ripped jeans and a slinky poloneck as she enjoys date night with husband Joe Manganiello Teeny bikini! Kelly Bensimon, 48, enjoys a lemon-soaked drink as she splashes around in Miami wearing a body-baring swimsuit Is Tom Arnold the latest star to join I'm A Celebrity....? The Hollywood actor has dropped MAJOR hints that he's headed for the jungle Leonardo DiCaprio goes incognito in bucket hat and dark shades as he plays the tourist while T-shirt shopping in Rwanda 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot Jemma Lucy flaunts her assets in black tracksuit as she steps out with leggy gal pal Chantelle Connelly in Manchester... after THAT raunchy naked photoshoot Judgement day! Vanessa Feltz will enter the Celebrity Big Brother house this weekend... and is set to bring trouble with her for Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Turf war rocks racing as Queen's friend slams The Jockey Club over controversial plans to sell off Kempton Park for housing  Retired jockey AP McCoy's wife Chanelle puts on a sizzling display in skimpy white bikini as couple continue sun-drenched Barbados getaway Jamaican me crazy! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock displays her amazing gym-honed figure in a blue bikini for sultry beach shoot Causing a stir Looking ace! Karlie Kloss works nautical chic in a plunging vest and striped skirt at tennis match in Australia Erin Andrews looks healthy out and about in West Hollywood... after revealing secret surgery for cervical cancer last autumn Michelle Heaton flaunts her sculpted arms in halterneck top as she takes sweet daughter Faith to Lego Batman Movie screening Jet lag and 'really long days' on beach shoots: Jessica Hart reveals the tough life of modelling as she admits to owning at least 100 bikinis Not as easy as it seems Kate Fischer being paid to drop pounds? The model has 'signed a magazine deal' to lose 20 kilos after calling herself 'morbidly obese' Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Justin Bieber steps out solo in quirky lensless glasses and ripped jeans... as romance between ex Selena Gomez and The Weeknd heats up Wayne Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her toned figure as she poses completely NAKED before slipping into studded bikini in raunchy X-rated photoshoot That's a wrap! Aidan Turner and Eleanor Tomlinson brace themselves against the January chill as they shoot Poldark season three on the windswept Welsh moors    Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. Goodbye my lover! Cate Blanchett blows a kiss to husband Andrew Upton in adorable PDA as he heads to the airport leaving her alone in New York Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel She's joined 'The Supers' One of the 'best dressed women in the world': Miranda Kerr stuns on the red carpet of Harper's Bazaar 150 Most Fashionable Women event in LA Putting the dance in Sundance! Toni Collette and her 'Fun Mom Dinner' co-stars let their hair down as they party into the night following premiere Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey 'Couple goals': The Bachelor's Richie Strahan shares a VERY loved-up video with bikini-clad Alex Nation as the pair recap stunning Coral Bay trip  Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Staying busy! Heartbroken Celine Dion squeezing in Bee Gees show as she continues Vegas concert one year after husband's death Oscar-nominated Emmanuelle Riva of the film Amour dies in Paris at the age of 89 after long illness Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles Australian model Jessica Hart appears to undergo controversial -129 degree cryotherapy healing treatment  after admitting to jet lag and 'really long days' on beach shoots 'Nobody knows when': Louis Tomlinson hints at One Direction reunion... as he moves on from split with girlfriend Danielle Campbell 'Hottest runway ever': Victoria's Secret models Bridget Malcolm and Karlie Kloss to headline David Jones show with Jesinta Franklin and Jess Gomes Walking Dead star Steven Yeun enjoys a sunlit day out with his pregnant wife Joana Pak Spent sunny day out and about in Los Angeles Barbara Hale, who played the loyal secretary opposite Raymond Burr on long-running crime TV show Perry Mason, dies at age 94 A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Bump on display Adrienne Bailon is a ray of sunshine in bright yellow dress with thigh high slit at NAACP Image Awards Nominees Luncheon 'I look in the mirror each morning for signs of extra manliness and then I see it': David Campbell pens a hilarious column about growing a beard The Price is right: 2GB shock-jock Steve Price, 62, CONFIRMED for I'm A Celebrity...Get me out of here! And he wants to be 'in charge' Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles Laid back look Should Jess be worried? Ruby Rose trades in Vin Diesel for new co-star as she enjoys blossoming friendship with Pitch Perfect 3 band-mate Andy Allo 'He is making me feel good things': Fans go wild as new Beauty & The Beast posters give a first glimpse of Girl On The Train hunk Luke Evans as Gaston  Serena's final passing shot! Awkward moment triumphant Williams appears to IGNORE her fiance as she hugs model Karlie Kloss after winning the Australian Open  Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Triple fun Leighton Meester teases a hint of cleavage in plunging embellished black dress as she poses up a storm at Harper's Bazaar bash Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA Indian style Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA Gruelling workout She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Is Lara Bingle coming back home? Speculation mounts the former model is arriving in Australia this week from New York for the first time with her two sons  'Not a day goes by that he does not make me laugh': Jesinta Campbell gushes over husband buddy Franklin following their secret nuptials She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA Turned some heads 'I don't sit at home and obsess': Jon Hamm says he doesn't watch old episodes of Mad Men because that's 'weird' Actor, 45, played Don Draper on hit show DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event 'You have to laugh or it'll get you down': Casey Batchelor hits back at cruel trolls who brand her natural 32F breasts 'fake and ugly' Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party Professional chic Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Plunging Robin Thicke pulled out of LA gala tribute for his late father Alan Thicke as custody battle with ex Paula Patton takes nasty turn Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a spectacularly naughty best man 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Left little to imagination Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Like mother like daughter! Rebecca Judd gushes over her lookalike daughter Billie, two, taking a picture of her doll on toy phone Adorable images Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'She's moved on in': The Bachelor's Kiki Morris moves in with boyfriend Jeremy Banks, before fueling rumours she'll appear on I'm A Celebrity...Get Met Out Of Here! 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala Game night 'She's at it again!': Pia Miller flaunts her incredible physique in red hot bikini at the beach after calling herself 'clumsy' and 'too daggy' That's not Summer Bay! Home and Away's Pia Miller and shirtless beau Tyson Mullane take lover's stroll along Bondi Beach She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Whole new level Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Happy couple SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her impossibly youthful complexion and famous  'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday 'Not my president!' Karrueche Tran sizzles in oversized sweater and thigh-high boots as she sends a clear anti-Trump message during night out Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  Canadian entertainer died last month Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Photo News News Photo News New on the Site News Archive Topics Full Article Index Camera Deals Firmware Updates Interviews Our Favorite Photographers History of Photography Camera Reviews Cameras Camera Reviews Compare Images Compare Cameras Best Cameras Types Compact Cameras DSLR Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Full-Frame Cameras Waterproof Cameras Brands Canon Fuji Nikon Olympus Panasonic Pentax Samsung Sony All Brands Lens Reviews Formats Canon EF Canon EF-S Fuji X Micro Four Thirds Nikon 1 Nikon DX Nikon FX Pentax K Sony A Sony FE Sony E Brand All Lens Reviews Canon Lenses Fuji Lenses Nikon Lenses Olympus Lenses Panasonic Lenses Pentax Lenses Sigma Lenses Sony Lenses Tamron Lenses Type Macro Mid-range Prime Telephoto Wide Zoom Lenses 101: What to know Printer Reviews More Accessories Camera Accessories Printers Scanners Software Community Newsletter Contests Photo of the Day Previous Story Predators’ eyes and a Hollywood sunset: The images that won our December prizes unveiled Back To News Next Story Adding depth to a still image: Real-time face painting shown off in new Adobe Research team video FOX Sports teams up with Intel to bring virtual POV and most 4K cameras ever to Super Bowl LI 4k video fox sports intel news photography sports photography super bowl super bowl li technology video virtual reality video vr by Jeremy Gray posted Sunday, January 15, 2017 at 2:00 PM EST     There are few sporting events that create as much buzz as the Super Bowl. This year’s edition, Super Bowl LI, will be broadcasted on FOX. FOX Sports has announced that they will be utilizing an array of interesting camera technology for the big game, including field-of-vision perspective. Teaming up with Intel, FOX Sports Lab will use what they call “Be the Player,” which is a camera angle that shows a “POV perspective from any player on the field without ever having a physical camera attached to the player.” This works by utilizing the many cameras that are stationed around the stadium and creating a “virtual camera” at the eye line of a specific player. As FOX Sports points out, it’s not unlike the camera freedom you would have when playing a video game. Similarly, there is a lot of computing power behind the “Be the Player” camera, which you can see used in a college football game earlier this season below. FOX Sports isn’t only utilizing the POV camera technology, but it is also going to use more Super Motion and 4K cameras than they have ever used for a broadcast before. The game itself will be covered by more than 70 cameras, requiring the use of three production trucks. Of their coverage, FOX Sports SVP Graphic Technology and Innovation says, “We, as broadcasters, are always trying to provide the viewer with something they’ve never seen before. With this new ‘Be the Player’ technology, it is now achievable and we are incredibly excited to debut this at the Super Bowl on FOX.” Super Bowl LI isn’t the first time FOX has leveraged distinct camera equipment and technology to cover sporting events. In 2016, they used aerial production drones at the U.S. Open Championship and delivered virtual reality broadcasts of over a dozen sporting events, including a Premier Boxing Champions bout, Bundesliga soccer match and the Daytona 500, among others. The broadcast company was also the first to offer POV camera angles from GoPro cameras strapped to the hats of on-field referees during the Big Ten Championship football game in November. As camera technology continues to develop, sports viewers will certainly benefit. We don’t know which teams will be facing off in Super Bowl LI, although we will see four teams fall out of contention for the opportunity this weekend, but we do know that we will see the game in a very distinct way come February 5. (Seen via PetaPixel) Tweet Comment Previous Story Predators’ eyes and a Hollywood sunset: The images that won our December prizes unveiled Back To News Next Story Adding depth to a still image: Real-time face painting shown off in new Adobe Research team video Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Camera Reviews Compact Cameras Mirrorless Cameras DSLR Cameras Canon Cameras Nikon Cameras All Brands Compare Cameras Compare Images Photo News Photo of the Day Lens Reviews Printer Reviews Best Cameras About Us Contact Us Advertising Usage Policy Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Google+ Imaging Resource © 1998 - 2017. Material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted or otherwise used without the prior written consent of The Imaging Resource.
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. As Self-Driving Cars Approach, the Auto Industry Races to Rebuild subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 12 hours 🔊 It's all about the Nintendo Switch on today's Game|Life podcast. bit.ly/2kFgLTS Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Getty Images Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Jack Stewart. Jack Stewart Transportation Date of Publication: 01.15.17. 01.15.17 Time of Publication: 7:00 am. 7:00 am As Self-Driving Cars Approach, the Auto Industry Races to Rebuild Getty Images When Ford executives started dropping in on Silicon Valley startups a couple of years ago, they were met with less than warm receptions. The stalwart car company was looking for help and fresh talent to help it in the fast-paced development of driverless cars—but it was a stranger in a new land. “We’ve learned a lot,” says CEO Mark Fields. “Simple things like, if you’re going to have a purchasing agreement with a startup, you can’t walk in with an 80-page legal document. It’s got to be two or three pages, saying OK here’s how we want to do business.” The fact that one of the world’s oldest, largest, and most successful automakers is rewriting decades of standard practice to satisfy companies one millionth its size, evinces the scope and speed of the change rocking its industry. More than that, it points to the very real ways that change is solidifying into action. Over just a few days at CES, a host of companies whipped up a frothing eddy of partnerships, buyouts, and consolidations. Audi paired with Nvidia, Microsoft with Volvo, BMW and Intel with Mobileye. And while the show floor was littered with shiny concepts proclaiming the future, those contracts—banal as they might sound—were the real news. A New Auto Industry The age of autonomy is real, and it’s almost here. Ford, GM, Audi, BMW, Tesla, Nissan, Mercedes-Benz, and others have promised to deliver self-driving cars in the next five years or so. These newly forged partnerships are a vital part of making that happen. In and of themselves, these types of deals are nothing new. Automotive supply chains span tiers of companies scattered around the globe. Automakers themselves merge and break up, occasionally share engines or vehicle platforms, and pass around smaller brands like so many Pokemon cards. The goal is always the same: Reduce cost and complexity—and increase profit—by joining forces with the folks whose strengths match your weaknesses. Now, the industry is building the supply chains and partnerships that well help it push into a new age, one that demands manufacturing expertise, artificial intelligence know-how, mapping skills, piles of cash, and more. “We’re still learning how to build autonomous cars, so there’s different companies trying out different ideas,” says Walter Sullivan, head of the Silicon Valley innovation lab for German software company Elektrobit. “We’re seeing a lot of partnerships to do that, and we’ll see some consolidation, because of the number of companies involved.” Ford opened a bulked-up Silicon Valley outpost in 2015, just to rub shoulders with startups. It started working a couple of companies developing neural networks, invested in Civil Maps, which translates gobs of LIDAR data into maps for self-driving cars, and jointly formed the Self-Driving Coalition for Safer Streets with Uber, Google and others to lobby for autonomous vehicles.1  Every other serious player in the autonomous car space is doing the same. Last year, General Motors bought self-driving startup Cruise, and Nissan shacked up with NASA. “The stage we’re at now is much more open partnerships and collaboration, a model stolen from the tech industry 15 years ago,” says Thomas Jönsson of Autoliv, a leading supplier of car safety systems. Let’s take one example from CES. Mobileye, the largest supplier of cameras for self-driving cars, is now working with major industry supplier Delphi, plus Intel and BMW. It has entered a strategic partnership with mapping company Here (which Audi, BMW, and Daimler jointly bought in 2015). At the giant tech show, this coalition announced it would have autonomous test vehicles on the roads later this year. Here’s another one: Uber is working with Volvo to strap self-driving add-ons to real vehicles. Volvo is also partnering with Autoliv. Those two companies are lending employees to a joint project called Zenuity, to share patents and ideas. OK, one more: Newly launched as a standalone company, Google’s self-driving car outfit, Waymo, inked a deal with Honda to go along with its partnership with Fiat Chrysler. “It comes from two directions,” says Jönsson. “You have the old established industry, trying to automate their vehicles, but you also have the tech companies coming in from the left with new, more disruptive ideas.”  Zenuity will have 200 software engineers, pulled from both Volvo and Autoliv, which Jönsson says is key—they’re approaching the problem from both angles. “The automotive industry is being led by technology, as opposed to cost, or horsepower,” says Sullivan. His company, Elektrobit, is owned by Continental, which apparently wanted to be a mobility shop as well as a tire-maker. Now, Elektrobit is also working with Mercedes and Nvidia. It announced a partnership with Argus Cyber Security at CES. Catch all that? The good news is that although this stage of the process might be complicated, and not especially dramatic, it means that driverless cars are approaching reality. The industry is moving past the oh-so-easy to build a concept car (ahem, Faraday Future), and flashy demonstration videos filmed in one, experimental vehicle (ahem, Tesla). It’s a lot harder to create a stable and long-lasting business that makes money building millions self-driving cars, but that’s exactly what companies, large and small, are working to do. 1 Updated 1:40pm 1/17/17 to include details on the Self-Driving Coalition for Safer Streets. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. auto industry Autonomous Vehicles CES Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular The Expanse’s Secret Weapon? Actual Science Geek's Guide to the Galaxy The Expanse’s Secret Weapon? Actual Science 19 hours Weekend Project: It’s Time to Clean Your Computer, Inside and Out How To Weekend Project: It’s Time to Clean Your Computer, Inside and Out 21 hours Astoundingly Complex Visualization Untangles Trump’s Business Ties infographics Astoundingly Complex Visualization Untangles Trump’s Business Ties 2 days The Race to Pass Obama’s Last Law and Save Tech in DC National Affairs The Race to Pass Obama’s Last Law and Save Tech in DC 2 days The Gear You Need to Make Your iPad Your Only Computer How To The Gear You Need to Make Your iPad Your Only Computer 01.26.17 John Arnold Made a Fortune at Enron. Now He’s Declared War on Bad Science Longread John Arnold Made a Fortune at Enron. Now He’s Declared War on Bad Science 01.22.17 Boeing’s New Spacesuit May Look Stylish as Hell, But It’s All Business Reinvention Boeing’s New Spacesuit May Look Stylish as Hell, But It’s All Business 01.26.17 More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Transportation Auto Mercedes Now Makes an Insane Car for ‘Everyone’ 2 days Auto Volvo’s Cars Now Spot Moose and Hit the Brakes for You 2 days Auto Inside the Shop Turning Ancient Rides into Sleeper Supercars 01.25.17 youth Rural Millennials Still Dig Driving. Well, They Have No Choice 01.26.17 Seriously Elon Musk’s Plan to Tunnel Under LA Is Misguided Nonsense 01.25.17 National Affairs Trump’s Ban Leaves Refugees in Civil Liberties Limbo 10 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 12 hours 🔊 It's all about the Nintendo Switch on today's Game|Life podcast. bit.ly/2kFgLTS Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 12 hours 🔊 It's all about the Nintendo Switch on today's Game|Life podcast. bit.ly/2kFgLTS Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360MarketUpdates Tweet   Europe Nonvolatile Memory Market Survey 2017-2021; for most Grooming Regions in terms of Types and Application Nonvolatile Memory Market research report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of this market.   Nonvolatile Memory Market (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 15, 2017 ) Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the Nonvolatile Memory market in key regions is stated and industry policies and news are analysed. In depth analysis of an industry is a crucial thing for various stakeholders like investors, CEOs, traders, suppliers and others. The Nonvolatile Memory industry research report is a resource, which provides technical and financial details of the industry. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Nonvolatile Memory Market Research Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10421767 Next part of the Nonvolatile Memory market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The process is analysed thoroughly with respect to three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs (material cost, labour cost, etc.) and the actual process. Top Key Players of Nonvolatile Memory Market: Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Toshiba Corporation Intel Corporation Micron Technology, Inc. Fujitsu Ltd SK Hynix, Inc. Microchip Technology Sandisk Corporation Adesto Technologies Viking Technology Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Nonvolatile Memory in each application, can be divided into: Industrial Applications Energy & Power Distribution Applications Automotive & Transportation Applications Consumer Electronics Healthcare Applications Military & Aerospace Get Sample PDF of Nonvolatile Memory Market Research Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10421767 After the basic information, the report sheds light on the production. Production plants, their capacities, production and revenue are studied. The Nonvolatile Memory market consumption for major regions is given. Also, the Nonvolatile Memory industry growth in various regions and R&D status are also covered such as: Germany France UK Russia Italy Spain Benelux Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into: Traditional Non-Volatile Memories Emerging Memories Purchase Nonvolatile Memory Market Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10421767 Further in the report, the Nonvolatile Memory industry is examined for price, cost and gross value. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. In continuation with this data sale price is for various types, applications and region is also included. To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Nonvolatile Memory market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Their contact information is provided for better understanding. Several important topics included in the Nonvolatile Memory market research report are as follows: Nonvolatile Memory Market Overall Overview Nonvolatile Memory Market Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application Nonvolatile Memory by Volume, Value and Sales Price By Manufacturers Analysis Nonvolatile Memory Technology and Development Trend Price of Report: $ 3900 (Single User Licence) Have any Query Regarding this Report? Contact us@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10421767 In this Nonvolatile Memory market analysis, traders and distributors analysis is also given along with contact details. For material and equipment suppliers too, contact details are given. New investment feasibility analysis is included in this report. About 360 Market Updates: 360 Market Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact Information: 360MarketUpdates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360MarketUpdates Tweet   Graphics Card Market Outlook 2022: Top Companies, Trends and Growth Factors Details for Business Development This Graphics Card Market research gives a comprehensive analysis of Industry with professional and in-depth study on the current state. Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 15, 2017 ) Graphics Card Market is expected to witness growth in international market with respect to advancements and innovations, including development history, competitive analysis and regional development forecast, trends and leading companies. Get Sample PDF of Graphics Card Market Report@https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10420709 Next part of the Graphics Card Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The process is analysed thoroughly with respect three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs (material cost, labour cost, etc.) and the actual process. Key Players Profiled in Graphics Card Report Includes: Intel Nvidia AMD Samsung Toshiba Matrox VIA EVGA SIS Other key players are profiled on regular basis. The report features an up-to-date data on key companys product details, revenue figures, and sales. Furthermore, this report features tables and figures that render a clear perspective of this market. For More Detail Understanding and Descriptive Analysis of Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies in Graphics Card Market: https://www.360marketupdates.com/global-graphics-card-video-card-sales-market-report-2017-10420709 Further in the report, the global Graphics Card Market is examined for price, cost and gross. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. In continuation with this data sale price is for various types, applications and region is also included. Applications of Graphics Card Market: Desktop Computer Laptop Split by Product Types: HD Graphics Integrated Graphics Discrete Graphics The global Graphics Card Market consumption for major regions is given. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. Ask for Discount@ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-discount/10420709 Scope of the Graphics Card Market by Regions: United States China Europe Japan Korea Taiwan. To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Global Graphics Card Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross overview and revenue numbers are given. Their contact information is provided for better understanding. Major table of content included in Graphics Card Market report: Market Overview by Types, Application and Regions Company Basic Information Manufacturing Base and Competitors Manufacturing Cost Analysis Key Raw Materials Key Suppliers Manufacturing Process Analysis Marketing Strategy Analysis Market Positioning by Pricing, Brand and Target In this Global Graphics Card Market analysis, traders and distributors analysis is given along with contact details. For material and equipment suppliers also, contact details are given. New investment feasibility analysis is included in the report. Price of Report: $ 4000(Single User Licence) Speak to Expert@ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10420709 About 360 Market Updates: 360 Market Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact Mr. Ameya Pingaley 360 Market Updates +1 408 520 9750 Email  sales@360marketupdates.com www.360marketupdates.com Contact Information: 360MarketUpdates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360MarketUpdates Tweet   Thunderbolt Cable Market Analysis 2017  Market Report with Size, Share, Trends and Forecast Analysis to 2021 Thunderbolt Cable Market research report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of this market.   Thunderbolt Cable Market (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 15, 2017 ) Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the Thunderbolt Cable market in key regions is stated and industry policies and news are analysed. In depth analysis of an industry is a crucial thing for various stakeholders like investors, CEOs, traders, suppliers and others. The Thunderbolt Cable industry research report is a resource, which provides technical and financial details of the industry. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Thunderbolt Cable Market Research Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10421581 Next part of the Thunderbolt Cable market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The process is analysed thoroughly with respect to three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs (material cost, labour cost, etc.) and the actual process. Top Key Players of Thunderbolt Cable Market: Apple Kanex Intel Startech Belkin LINTES Moshi Magma Sumitomo Electric Industries, Ltd MLogic Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Thunderbolt Cable in each application, can be divided into: Computer Other Electronics Get Sample PDF of Thunderbolt Cable Market Research Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10421581 After the basic information, the report sheds light on the production. Production plants, their capacities, production and revenue are studied. The Thunderbolt Cable market consumption for major regions is given. Also, the Thunderbolt Cable industry growth in various regions and R&D status are also covered such as: United States China Europe Japan Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into: 0.5M 1M 2M 3M Other Purchase Thunderbolt Cable Market Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10421581 Further in the report, the Thunderbolt Cable industry is examined for price, cost and gross value. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. In continuation with this data sale price is for various types, applications and region is also included. To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Thunderbolt Cable market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Their contact information is provided for better understanding. Several important topics included in the Thunderbolt Cable market research report are as follows: Thunderbolt Cable Market Overall Overview Thunderbolt Cable Market Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application Thunderbolt Cable by Volume, Value and Sales Price By Manufacturers Analysis Thunderbolt Cable Technology and Development Trend Price of Report: $ 3500 (Single User Licence) Have any Query Regarding this Report? Contact us@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10421581 In this Thunderbolt Cable market analysis, traders and distributors analysis is also given along with contact details. For material and equipment suppliers too, contact details are given. New investment feasibility analysis is included in this report. About 360 Market Updates: 360 Market Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact Information: 360MarketUpdates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business posted: 1/14/2017 7:13 AM Recap: Nine top trends at CES 2017 Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close VR exploded in 2016 and shows no sign of slowing down this year, with new accessories and technologies to make it better and more functional than ever before. Intel's Project Alloy seeks to cut the cord entirely, with untethered headsets by year's end. (AP Photo/John Locher) Chad Kresser demonstrates a prototype VR headset at the Lenovo booth during CES Unveiled before CES International, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017, in Las Vegas. The VR headset tracks head movements using cameras in the headset. (AP Photo/John Locher)   Associated Press     For tech lovers, CES is the biggest and best event of the year. Not only does it introduce us to a bunch of cool new products, it also helps to establish and define the trends we'll be seeing throughout the year ahead. Some of them are more obvious than others, which is why we like to take a moment after the show to step back and digest everything. Many of the trends we saw last year still hold true for 2017, but technology is ever-evolving. If you're into voice assistants or virtual reality, this is definitely your year, but there is still plenty more to get excited about. So without further ado, here are the top trends we spotted at CES this year. 2017 may be the year we all start talking to inanimate objects. It seems like just about every new phone, TV, car, and refrigerator announced this year uses Amazon's voice assistant. Huawei's Mate 9 phone has Alexa, as do TVs from Westinghouse, Element, and Seiki, along with an OS that resembles Fire TV and an included remote that supports voice commands. Even Ford is putting Alexa in cars, integrating the voice assistant for owners of the Focus Electric, Fusion Energi, and C-Max Energi, with more to come. But perhaps nothing can top Alexa in LG's Smart InstaView Refrigerator, finally allowing your fridge give its own answer to the age-old question of whether it's running. VR exploded in 2016 and shows no sign of slowing down this year, with new accessories and technologies to make it better and more functional than ever before. Intel's Project Alloy seeks to cut the cord entirely, with untethered headsets by year's end. We also saw an example of this in Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 headset. And don't forget about AR. This year saw a variety of AR glasses like the Lenovo New Glass C200, the consumer-focused R-8, and the enterprise-focused R-9. On the consumer side of things, the Asus ZenFone AR offers a more reasonably-sized alternative to Lenovo's gigantic Phab 2 Pro. It runs both Google's Project Tango and the Daydream VR platform. And that's just the start of it. Expect a lot more in this space in the near future. This year, manufacturers are keen on connecting even the most seemingly mundane objects to the Internet. Withings, Kerastase, and L'Oreal, for instance, teamed up to create the world's first Bluetooth-connected smart hairbrush, the Kerastase Hair Coach. It includes a microphone, three-axis load cells, an accelerometer, gyroscope, and conductivity sensors to identify brushing strength and hair quality. For those with less hair, Griffin introduced a host of smart products, including a Connected Coffee Maker and Connected Mirror that display time, weather, status, and companion apps. Meanwhile, the company's PowerBlock and PowerJolt Beacon are smart chargers that remind you to plug your device in to charge it. Yes, that means you need to charge your charger so it can remind you to charge your phone. What a time to be alive. This is a good year to be a PC gamer. In addition to some top-of-the-line Dell and Alienware gaming laptops, Samsung got in on the action with the Notebook Odyssey, the company's first-ever gaming laptop built specifically with upgradability in mind. AMD announced its next-generation Vega GPU; the chipset is a jack-of-all trades, equally capable in processing data for machine learning as well as powering VR headsets and 4K gaming rigs. Nvidia didn't announce any new chipsets, but it is bringing gaming to the masses with GeForce Now, a service that lets basic Windows and Mac computers connect to powerful gaming machines in the cloud. And we were absolutely blown away by Razer's experimental Project Valerie laptop (video below). It boasts three 4K, 17.3-inch IGZO panels powered by a Nvidia GeForce 1080 GPU. It reuses components from the Razer Blade Pro, has an aluminum casing, and a mechanical keyboard. Razer's Ariana, meanwhile, takes gaming outside the screen by using a projector to expand the picture from a TV to fill the entire wall and make gaming more immersive. Sadly, these two products are just concepts right now. Although we did go to our first drone rodeo this year, the drone trend back on the show floor was decidedly less airborne. The Hover Camera Passport is a selfie drone, hovering around and snapping pictures of you doing anything from the awesome to the mundane. But what really got our attention was the PowerVision PowerRay, an underwater drone that uses sonar and LED lures to hunt (and film) fish like some kind of robotic manta ray. Who doesn't want a sleek, autonomous electric car that doesn't guzzle fossil fuels and also cuts down on accidents? True to its name, the Faraday Future FF91 is a futuristic-looking Tesla competitor with a cool design, fast speed, and the ability to park itself without your help. Chrysler also showed off its Portal concept, a self-driving electric minivan for millennials. Equally futuristic, Honda's NeuV is a two-seater meant to act as a ride-sharing vehicle and includes a slew of emotion-sensing features. Nvidia, meanwhile, has partnered with Audi to put AI-powered cars on the road starting in 2020, a tad earlier than BMW iNext. Smartwatches may not have done too well last year (see Pebble for an example), and we didn't see many exciting new examples at the show. Fitness trackers, on the other hand, are looking better than ever. The Misfit Vapor, for instance, is the company's first wearable with a full touch-screen display. And the Motiv Ring packs all the functionality of a wrist-based fitness tracker into a tiny, stylish design you can slip on your finger. This year Sony revealed the OLED Bravia 4K TV, which was just one of several super-slim OLEDs that debuted at the show. We were most impressed by the LG Signature W, which is so thin it practically looks like a poster. LG accomplished this by offloading all the power, connectivity, and processing functions to a combined soundbar and control unit that connects to the TV with a ribbon cable. It's capable of HDR video, and like the Bravia is compatible with Dolby Vision, which all combines to make it one of the most striking TVs we've ever seen. 2016 saw the rise of flagship-level phones at midrange prices, and that trend looks to continue this year. At the head of the lineup is the Huawei Honor 6X, a metal unibody phone with solid performance and a unique dual-lens camera for a bokeh effect. There's also the Coolpad Conjur, a 5-inch, 720p phone with specs that fall closer to the entry-level -- but it also costs less than $200. ZTE launched the Blade V8 Pro, an unlocked phone that works on GSM networks. And last, but not least, the Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom has a Snapdragon 625 processor, a gigantic 5,000mAh battery, and dual cameras for optical zoom. None of these phones are groundbreaking, but they all offer solid specs for affordable prices, which is a trend we'd like to see more of in every category. This article originally appeared on PCMag.com. Related Article Review: The Best of CES 2017   Tweet This article filed under: Business Technology Associated Press Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 FA Playbook Modern Medicine Quarterly Investment Guide FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market CNBC took BMW's new self-driving car out for a spin. Here's what it was like Deborah Findling | @dfindles Saturday, 14 Jan 2017 | 12:00 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters BMW’s series 5 prototype    Thursday, 12 Jan 2017 | 2:19 PM ET | 00:36 With companies like Tesla, Uber, Google and BMW all pushing toward fully autonomous technology — a pervasive theme in the technology sector over the last year — the irony about the future of driving is that fewer people will be doing actual driving. At the Consumer Electronics Show last week, BMW allowed CNBC to see its self-driving technology in action, taking its Series 5 car for a test drive — or perhaps better said, the car took a CNBC reporter out for a spin. As part of its autonomous car experience, BMW aggregated public data on traffic lights in Las Vegas so countdowns were available on the cloud dashboard, sharing a space in the central console where a radio would be. This feature could be a commuter's dream: It tells the exact second a light would turn red, yellow or green. Once the car hit the highway, a blue button switched the car into a fully autonomous mode, gliding to a speed much steadier than one a human driver would maintain. The entire drive was a tour in the next wave of autonomous technology. As the passengers took their place in the vehicle, equipped with the BMW open mobility cloud, a Segway parking robot called Loomo was busy at work parking a returning car. For the next 90 minutes, two engineers in the front passenger and back seats rode on the automated voyage. The car itself is equipped with several sensors from cameras to an Intel depth sensor. BMW's open mobility cloud is a recently launched digital experience that allows passengers or drivers to interact with destinations using a series of gestures. Liberated from the burden of having to keep one's eye on the road, passengers can do a range of other tasks, including making dinner reservations. The demo had a story line that began by having the passengers meet our "dad" in a parking lot, follow him to another point, and order something from Amazon Prime — just one of the third-party partner applications that will be integrated into the open mobility cloud, along with Microsoft's Cortana and Opentable. These actions on the road were used to showcase the capabilities of the open mobility cloud. The next destination would be picking up the Amazon package on the way back to the original start site. This cloud, which is supported by Microsoft and Amazon, will be available to consumers starting in March. Source: BMW BMW 5 Series Connected Mobility While in the car going over 50 mph on the highway, the engineers riding along showed what else a passenger could do while in the fully autonomous mode: watch a movie, gesture control to the cloud to have the car read information out to me or even make dinner reservations. As a movie turns on with Amazon Prime on a console in the backseat, the sun roof closes and lights dim into a cinema mode that reduces the glare. By gesturing to the center console, passengers are also able to receive information about locations they are passing. Source: BMW BMW 5 Series Connected Mobility While the car did drive itself, it was hard for CNBC to break from the impulse of holding the wheel, or just watching the road—somewhat to the dismay of the BMW engineers accompanying the passenger. The reality of testing a driverless car, both as a consumer and an occupant in the car, does leave one with a sneaking suspicion it could at some point falter in its drive. If this really is the future of driving, car makers may want to seriously weigh some combination of human controlled driving and a fully autonomous mode. That is because the interaction with cars still piloted by humans could pose a challenge, especially if a regular car isn't being carefully driven. BMW, like other carmakers like Ford, has said that autonomous cars will be in production by 2021. While that may sound too close to believe, the technology is well on the road to reality. Deborah FindlingProducer, Squawk Alley/Squawk on the Street Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change MSFT --- ROVGY --- BMW --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming MWC 2017 Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: Nintendo Switch Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 Google Pixel iPhone 8 Home / Computing / Desktop PC / Zotac ZBOX Magnus EN1060 Zotac ZBOX Magnus EN1060 review 0 shares Read Comments By Mike Jennings Updated: 14 January 2017 1 of 20 Summary Our Score: 7 Page 1: Features and Design Page 2: Performance and Verdict Specs 20 Pictures Best Deals Pros GTX 1060 gaming power Small, subtle and sturdy design Cool and quiet Cons Expensive for a barebones PC Mediocre RAM options GPU isn't as fast as proper GTX 1060 Best Deals for Zotac ZBOX Magnus EN1060 Key Features 2.2GHz Intel Core i5-6400T processor Nvidia GeForce GTX 1060 6GB graphics 2 x 2,133MHz DDR4 SO-DIMM sockets 1 x NVMe M.2 connector 1 x 2.5in SATA connector Dual-band 802.11ac WiFi 2 x USB 3, 2 x USB 3.1, SD card slot 1yr RTB warranty Manufacturer: Zotac Manufacturer: Zotac Review Price: £890.00 What is the Zotac ZBOX Magnus EN1060? The Magnus EN1060 is one of the smallest gaming PCs Trusted has ever seen. At just 210mm wide, 62mm tall and weighing less than a kilogram – this is a ridiculously impressive gaming desktop. But, of course, that small size comes at a cost. Related: The Greatest VR Games for PC and PS4 Zotac ZBOX Magnus EN1060 – Features Let’s get this out of the way first: the GTX 1060 inside this machine isn’t quite as powerful as the full-fat desktop card that was released in late 2016. The GTX 1060 here runs at 1,405MHz with a boost clock of 1,671MHz; on the proper desktop card those figures sit at 1,506MHz and 1,708MHz.. That slight reduction still leaves the GTX 1060 with higher clocks than every GPU from last year’s 900-series range, and it continues to be accompanied by 6GB of GDDR5 memory clocked to 8,000MHz. The slight down-clocking is a fine price to pay for such compact performance. A closer look at the specification reveals just how Zotac has been able to cram the GTX 1060 inside such a tiny PC. The move to a 14nm manufacturing process increases efficiency, and the focus for Nvidia’s new Pascal architecture was on power saving as well as performance. Video: Nvidia GeForce GTX 1060 review As a result, the GTX 1060 isn't just physically smaller than its predecessor, the GTX 960, but has many more transistors and the same thermal design power (TDP) of just 120W. This is a barebones machine, which means the processor is the only other main component. It’s a fine chip, although it's more obviously cut back for the Zotac’s tiny design. The Core i5-6400T uses Intel's 6th-generation "Skylake" architecture and has four cores, but that suffix means that it’s a low-power part. Its TDP of 35W is miles behind the 65W and 91W of the best full-fat Core i5 chips, and it means that the i5-6400T’s stock speed of 2.2GHz is low and it maxes out at just 2.8GHz – the desktop-spec Core i5-6600K, for comparison, starts at 3.5GHz. The only other main component is the dual-band 802.11ac wireless model – after that, you’re on your own. The Zotac supports two SO-DIMMs of DDR4 memory, but only at 2,133MHz and only up to 32GB – even mini-ITX boards support 64GB at higher speeds. There’s an NVMe M.2 slot for fast storage, and a 2.5-inch bay for hard disks and SSDs. Those specifications allow you to build a decent mid-range system, or to load up the Zotac with ultra-high-performance storage. The choice, as ever, is yours. Related: 2016's Greatest Graphics Cards That’s good for versatility, but it’s potentially expensive. The Zotac costs £890 before the cost of components or an operating system. A basic configuration would include two 4GB SO-DIMMs and a 500GB hard disk, at a cost of around £80. A better rig would require 16GB of memory, a 256GB M.2 SSD and a 1TB hard disk – but you’re looking at about £400 for all of that. Neither of those prices include Windows 10. The high initial price and extra component costs make the Zotac hundreds of pounds more than the consoles, of course, and mini-ITX machines from a host of manufacturers are cheaper or better. Of course, if you're a bit of a PC kit hoarder or have some spares from a previous build, your initial outlay won't be so high. But if you're starting afresh it's a big ask. The Scan 3XS Bulldog costs £1,100 and has a better Core i5 processor, an SSD and a GTX 1060, and PC Specialist and CyberPower both sell systems with similar specifications using the familiar Syber Vapor chassis – for less than £1,100. These rival machines are all a lot bigger than the Zotac, but they offer more power and versatility, and include the full set of components and copies of Windows 10. Think about building your own, too: I’ve put together this rig, which has the same CPU, a Zotac GPU, an SSD, a hard disk and Windows 10 in a living room chassis – and it’s ten pounds cheaper than the Magnus EN1060 barebones box. None of this is a definitive alternative to the Zotac, which remains smaller and easier to use than many of these options – but it’s certainly a busy part of the market that makes the Magnus very much an enthusiast's piece of kit. Zotac ZBOX Magnus EN1060 – Design The Zotac is a sturdy and modest box that will prove inconspicuous under a TV. The glossy front panel has a power button ringed with light alongside a card reader, audio jacks and a USB 3.1 Type-C port, and the back panel has more USB ports and pairs of HDMI and DisplayPort outputs. There's also a pair of gigabit Ethernet ports for high-speed networking. Two sides of the machine have slatted vents, and the top has a subtle Zotac ring. It’s smart and won’t be obvious beneath your TV, but it certainly isn't as stylish as the consoles. Fitting components is simple. Once two thumbscrews are removed, the base panel slides away to reveal the upgradable ports and sockets. The SATA port connects to a plastic 2.5in drive bay, and the M.2 connector courses across the middle of the board. The two SO-DIMM slots sit in one corner. Everything else is on the other side of the motherboard, which is almost impossible to access. Going beneath the board voids the warranty, and there isn't really much point – the CPU and GPU are soldered to the motherboard. Related: Our Favourite Gaming Keyboards Go to page 2: Performance and Verdict Best Deals for Zotac ZBOX Magnus EN1060 0 shares Read Comments Shaun Connelly January 16, 2017, 3:20 pm That price is an absolute joke for them specs, could build a monster rig for £1100 lol they have to be kidding Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
CLOSE Home News Downloads Download Past Issues Read on Issuu Read on Google Play Read on Magzter Download Podcasts Special Editions FCM Wiki Page Table of Contents Writers Style Guide Sunday, January 29, 2017 Home News Downloads Download Past Issues Read on Issuu Read on Google Play Read on Magzter Download Podcasts Special Editions FCM Wiki Page Table of Contents Writers Style Guide Trending Now Linux Mint 18.1 “Serena” Xfce and KDE Editions Are Officially Out, Download Now Alpine Linux 3.5.1 Released with Linux Kernel 4.4.45 LTS, New Security Updates Canonical Brings Kubernetes 1.5.2 Container Orchestration to Ubuntu 16.04 LTS Linux Mint releases BETA versions of refreshed Debian-based LMDE 2 ‘Betsy’ ISO images KDE Slimbook is a Linux-powered laptop for $780 and up Home news Mesa 13.1.0 Branch Is No More, Mesa 17.0.0 to Land in the... news Mesa 13.1.0 Branch Is No More, Mesa 17.0.0 to Land in the First Week of February By rascal23 - Jan 14, 2017 2327 0 Collabora’s Emil Velikov announced that the upcoming Mesa 13.1.0 branch of the widely-used 3D graphics stack will change its versioning scheme to Mesa 17.0.0. Those of you bleeding-edgers who are using the Mesa 3D Graphics Library from Git, a.k.a. the development (unstable) branch of the graphics stack used in numerous GNU/Linux distributions to provide various open-source drivers for Intel, AMD, and Nvidia graphics cards, should have already noticed the major change. Mesa 13.1.0 is now known as Mesa 17.0.0 if you pull the latest code from Git, which the Padoka and Oibaf PPA do for Ubuntu 16.04 LTS (Xenial Xerus) and Ubuntu 16.10 (Yakkety Yak) platforms. It appears that the Mesa people decided to change the versioning scheme at the beginning of a new year, so now being 2017, here comes Mesa 17.0.0. The release plan is already in place, and it looks like Mesa 17.0.0 will enter Feature Freeze in only two days from the moment of writing this article, on January 13, 2017, when you should also be able to get your hands on the first Release Candidate (RC) development build. Source: http://news.softpedia.com/news/mesa-13-1-0-branch-is-no-more-mesa-17-0-0-to-land-in-the-first-week-of-february-511751.shtml Submitted by: Arnfried Walbrecht Previous articleYou Can Now Have a Single ISO Image with All the Essential Ubuntu 16.10 Flavors Next articleopenSUSE Linux Arrives On Windows 10 rascal23 RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Linux Mint 18.1 “Serena” Xfce and KDE Editions Are Officially Out, Download Now Alpine Linux 3.5.1 Released with Linux Kernel 4.4.45 LTS, New Security Updates Canonical Brings Kubernetes 1.5.2 Container Orchestration to Ubuntu 16.04 LTS NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360MarketUpdates Tweet   Cyber Physical System Market Segmentation and Analysis by Recent Trends, Development and Growth by Regions to 2021 Cyber Physical System Market analysis is provided for global market including development trends by regions, competitive analysis of the cyber physical system market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 14, 2017 ) Cyber Physical System is a mechanism controlled or monitored by computer-based algorithms, tightly integrated with internet and its users. Examples of CPS include smart grid, autonomous automobile systems, medical monitoring, process control systems, robotics systems, and automatic pilot avionics. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Cyber Physical System Market Research Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/global-cyber-physical-system-market-by-manufacturers-regions-type-and-application-forecast-to-2021-10339794 Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers Siemens Intel ITIH EIT Digital TCS MathWorks and many others Scope of the Report: This report focuses on the Cyber Physical System in Global market, especially in North America, Cyber Physical System Market in Europe and Asia-Pacific, Cyber Physical System Market in Latin America, Cyber Physical System Market in Middle and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) Latin America, Middle and Africa Get Sample PDF of Cyber Physical System Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10339794 Market Segment by Type, covers IT-CPS EP-CPS Others Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into Industrial Automatic Health / Medical equipment Aerospace Others Key questions answered in the report: What will the market growth rate of Cyber Physical System market in 2020? What are the key factors driving the global Cyber Physical System market? What are sales, revenue, and price analysis of top manufacturers of Cyber Physical System market? Who are the distributors, traders and dealers of Cyber Physical System market? Who are the key vendors in Cyber Physical System market space? What are the Cyber Physical System market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Cyber Physical System market? What are sales, revenue, and price analysis by types and applications of Cyber Physical System market? What are sales, revenue, and price analysis by regions of Cyber Physical System market? What are the market opportunities, market risk and market overview of the Cyber Physical System market? Purchase Cyber Physical System Market Report @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10339794 No. of Report pages: 112 Price of Report: $ 3480 (Single User Licence) About 360 Market Updates: 360 Market Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact Information: 360MarketUpdates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360MarketUpdates Tweet   SRAM Market Segmentation and Analysis by Recent Trends, Development and Growth by Regions to 2022 This SRAM Market research gives a comprehensive analysis of Industry with professional and in-depth study on the current state. Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, January 14, 2017 ) SRAM Market is expected to witness growth in international market with respect to advancements and innovations, including development history, competitive analysis and regional development forecast, trends and leading companies. Get Sample PDF of SRAM Market Report@ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10420252 Next part of the SRAM Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The process is analysed thoroughly with respect three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs (material cost, labour cost, etc.) and the actual process. Key Players Profiled in SRAM Report Includes: Micron Technology Integrated Silicon Solution Powerchip Technology Corporation Integrated Device Technology Cypress Semiconductor Everspin Technologies Intel Corporation Other key players are profiled on regular basis. The report features an up-to-date data on key companys product details, revenue figures, and sales. Furthermore, this report features tables and figures that render a clear perspective of this market. For More Detail Understanding and Descriptive Analysis of Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies in SRAM Market: https://www.360marketupdates.com/global-sram-market-research-report-2017-10420252 Further in the report, the global SRAM Market is examined for price, cost and gross. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. In continuation with this data sale price is for various types, applications and region is also included. Applications of SRAM Market: Communication industry Computer /IT sector Consumer Electronics Industry Automotive Sector Others Split by Product Types: 4T Memory Cells 6T Memory Cells TFT Memory Cells The global SRAM Market consumption for major regions is given. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. Ask for Discount@ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-discount/10420252 Scope of the SRAM Market by Regions: North America Europe China Japan Korea Taiwan. To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Global SRAM Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross overview and revenue numbers are given. Their contact information is provided for better understanding. Major table of content included in SRAM Market report: Market Overview by Types, Application and Regions Company Basic Information Manufacturing Base and Competitors Manufacturing Cost Analysis Key Raw Materials Key Suppliers Manufacturing Process Analysis Marketing Strategy Analysis Market Positioning by Pricing, Brand and Target In this Global SRAM Market analysis, traders and distributors analysis is given along with contact details. For material and equipment suppliers also, contact details are given. New investment feasibility analysis is included in the report. Price of Report: $ 2900(Single User Licence) Speak to Expert@ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10420252 About 360 Market Updates: 360 Market Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact Mr. Ameya Pingaley 360 Market Updates +1 408 520 9750 Email  sales@360marketupdates.com www.360marketupdates.com Contact Information: 360MarketUpdates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Categories 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology I-Team Assignment 7 Politics Sports Entertainment Health Station Info About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Shows ABC7 Live Newscasts Beyond The Headlines with Cheryl Jennings ABC7 Specials TV Listings Bay Area LIFE Live Well Network/Laff TV Bay Area Life; Sundays at 6:30 p.m. on ABC7 Follow Us SUPER BOWL Intel debuts Super Bowl ad featuring Tom Brady Email share share tweet email none Intel just debuted its new Super Bowl ad featuring New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady Jan. 13, 2017 (KGO-TV ) KGO Friday, January 13, 2017 It's the time of year when big businesses start to give previews of the ads they plan to release during the Super Bowl. RELATED: Raiders Khalil Mack out of Pro Bowl because of injury Santa Clara based tech company Intel released a clip from their new ad featuring New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady. It's for their new Replay 360 tool which allows broadcasters to pause key moments of a game and view the action from any angle in 3-D. RELATED: Lady Gaga will headline Super Bowl halftime show This year companies are shelling out $5 million for a 30-second spot during the Super Bowl. Related Topics: sportssuper bowl commercialtom bradyintelcommercial adNew England Patriotsu.s. & worldbuzzworthy Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KGO-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. SUPER BOWL Georgia gas station bans sales of Sam Adams before Super Bowl PHOTOS: Meet the Puppy Bowl starting line-up Tom Brady, Bill Belichick make NFL history with record 7th Super Bowl appearance Changes in allocation system slow down Super Bowl ticket sales Resale market for Super Bowl tickets slips after Cowboys ousted More Super Bowl SPORTS Arizona's Mike Smith scores 188-foot goal during Four Line Challenge Bucks concerned for status of Thon Maker after travel ban enacted Curry's 43, halfcourt shot help Warriors top Clippers 144-98 Conor McGregor: 'Got my eyes on one thing -- Floyd Mayweather' Trail Blazers set to test mettle vs. Warriors More Sports Top Stories Hundreds at SFO protest Trump's order on refugees PHOTOS: Hundreds protest at SFO over Trump's Muslim travel ban US Judge Grants Stay on Deportations Under Trump Immigration Order, But Overall Ban Remains Federal judge bars U.S. from deporting travelers covered by Trump order Hundreds protest after 11 detained at JFK amid immigration crackdown Warriors beat Clippers 144-98 Crews hopeful in search for teen who crashed into Fremont creek Show More San Francisco inspectors say Millennium Tower safe to occupy Gov. Jerry Brown facing more prostate cancer treatment Friendship forms when ailing 89-year-old moves in with neighbor VIDEO: Draymond Green dogs on Kevin Durant's "Thunderstruck" Iran suggests it will limit issuing of US visas More News Photos PHOTOS: Hundreds protest at SFO over Trump's Muslim travel ban PHOTOS: March for Life ABC7 Star: Dreamcatcher Youth Center helps exploited, abused youth Mary Tyler Moore through the years More Photos Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Categories Video Photos 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology Station Info About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Shows ABC7 Live Newscasts Beyond The Headlines with Cheryl Jennings ABC7 Specials TV Listings Bay Area LIFE Live Well Network/Laff TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KGO-TV San Francisco. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Categories 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology I-Team Assignment 7 Politics Sports Entertainment Health Station Info About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Shows ABC7 Live Newscasts Beyond The Headlines with Cheryl Jennings ABC7 Specials TV Listings Bay Area LIFE Live Well Network/Laff TV Bay Area Life; Sundays at 6:30 p.m. on ABC7 Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KGO-TV San Francisco
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Market Research Hub Press Release Receive press releases from Market Research Hub: By Email RSS Feeds: Speech Recognition Market Analysis in United States, EU, China, India, Japan and Southeast Asia Exhibit High Growth Through 2020 The Speech recognition market is expected to grow from $440.3 million in 2015 to reach $1.99 Billion by 2022, at a CAGR of 23.66% between 2016 and 2022 driven by factors such as the increasing acceptance of biometric technologies like voice verification for remote authentication applications. Albany, NY, January 15, 2017 --(PR.com)-- The growing demand for speech-based biometrics for identification purpose is always been a primary driver for the Global market of speech recognition. Currently, the demand for authentication across various financial institutions, healthcare enterprises and government organizations is promoting the prospects for market growth until the end of 2021. This has been studied by a new report added to the online repository of Market Research Hub (MRH). The title of this report is “Speech Recognition Market Size, Status and Forecast 2021,” which provides a detailed analysis of the market by focusing on the key regions such as United States, EU, India, Japan, China and Southeast Asia. Request for Sample Report: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=909139 Initially, the report briefly describes the overview of the market by covering its scope and market status and size by regions during 2011-2016. Speech recognition is such a technology that came into presence after nearly 30 years of research and development. It recognizes the words spoken by the customers and converts them into text that the computer understands. It is also known as ASR or automatic speech recognition. When this technology is combined with the phone, any transactions through the phone can be finished up to 40 percent faster than pressing keys and listening various options before reaching their preferred option. In terms of geography, North America is expected to emerge as the fastest growing market for speech-enabled applications closely followed by Europe. Also, strong economy of the U.S. is a major dynamic factor for the growth. Furthermore, the market has been segmented on the basis of its types and application. By types, speech recognition market has been classified into: Multi-person speech recognition system Specific person speech recognition system Non-specific person speech system On the other hand, market segmentation by application includes- Communication systems, smart wearable device and others. The report also studies that, new developments in voice recognition technology has also allowed the businesses to improve their customer service drastically. Especially in call centers, instead of engaging employees in answering phone calls and routing them to the relevant customer care executive, the software can handle the task, allowing the employee to be situated to handle calls that are more complex. Most recently, the field has also benefited from the advances in deep learning and big data. Moreover, key players in the global market are also profiled such as: Intel Amazon Nuance Sinovice Apple Google Baidu Facebook Microsoft Comcas Iflytek Read Full Report with TOC: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/report/united-states-eu-japan-china-india-and-southeast-asia-speech-recognition-market-size-status-and-forecast-2021-report.html Competitive analysis of these players is also mentioned in detail. Furthermore, the report also highlights the market dynamics such as opportunities, challenges and risks; market constraints and threats along with market driving force for the better source of guidance to the new entrants is also highlighted in the report. About Market Research Hub: Market Research Hub (MRH) is a next-generation reseller of research reports and analysis. MRH’s expansive collection of market research reports has been carefully curated to help key personnel and decision makers across industry verticals to clearly visualize their operating environment and take strategic steps. MRH functions as an integrated platform for the following products and services: Objective and sound market forecasts, qualitative and quantitative analysis, incisive insight into defining industry trends, and market share estimates. Our reputation lies in delivering value and world-class capabilities to our clients. Contact Details: 90 State Street, Albany, NY 12207, United States Toll Free: 866-997-4948 (US-Canada) Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Email: press@marketresearchhub.com Website: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/ Follow Us on: Twitter: https://twitter.com/MktResearchHub LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/market-research-hub Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/MarketResearchHub/ Contact Information Market Research Hub James Smith 866-997-4948 Contact www.marketresearchhub.com/ Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Market Research Hub Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
tech e blog contact advertise shopping forums by: Staff posted: Computers, Deals, USB Gadget View Comments Tweet 0 01/15/2017 Azulle Quantum Access Mini PC Stick May be Smallest Windows 10 Computer, Get One for Under $90 Shipped - Today Only The Azulle Quantum Access Mini PC Stick may be the smallest Windows 10 computer yet, and it's being offered for only $89.99 shipped, today only. With its built in HDMI output, you can plug the device into any HDMI enabled display and instantly use your PC. With a dominant Intel Quad Core Z3735F processor and 2GB of DDR3L RAM, the Quantum Access provides you with a swift experience when utilizing multiple applications, streaming 1080P videos over Wi-Fi, and playing your favorite video games. Product page. Continue reading for another video review and more information. "Been using this for a year now and it's fantastic. i bought a monitor and keyboard to go alongside, but i think overall the whole package cost me around $200, which is insane. If you're trying to do adobe products (photoshop etc.) then this is likely not the best option for you, but I've managed just fine using products like Filmora for movie editing and Pixlr for photo editing. would highly recommend if you're on a budget and/or trying to save space," said one reviewer. More information. Submit to: Del.icio.us Digg Slashdot This entry was posted on 01/15 00:30am and is filed under Computers, Deals, USB Gadget . You can leave a response. Other Related Posts Lenovo Thinkpad Yoga 11E Windows 10 Laptop Doubles as a Tablet, Get One for Under $270 Shipped - Today Only Aukey EP-B34 Bluetooth Headphones Offer 8-Hours of Use on a Single Charge, Get One for $8 - Today Only ClearMax 3 Prong Power Extension Cord is Ultra Flexible, Get Ten for Under $12 - Today Only Anker 36W Dual USB Car Charger Has Quick Charge 2.0 Technology, Get One for $13.99 - Today Only GAEMS Vanguard Turns Your Xbox One / PS4 Into a Portable System, Get One for Under $350 Shipped - Today Only Interesting Posts Around the Web Loading... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. subscribe rss 2.0 hot posts Strange Alien-Like Mummy Discovered in Egypt 5 Fascinating Unsolved Bermuda Triangle Mysteries Strange Ancient Pyramids Discovered in Antarctica Top 5 Worst Fight Scenes Ever Bizarre "Bagel Head" Injections Become Latest Beauty Trend in Japan 5 Funny and Weird iPhone 5 Videos Old Pump House Transformed Into High-Tech Modern Home Mind-Blowing Look at Ladera, a Stunning Open-Wall Resort in St. Lucia Dumpsters Converted Into Functional Swimming Pools Curiosity Rover Discovers Ancient Riverbed On Mars Why Captain America Shouldn't Text Message Iron Man 5 Strange Technologies That Might Have Been Covered Up recommended Laptop.Review Gold Box Zergnet our friends Hacked Gadgets Kindle Fire MobilitySite OhGizmo! Search Tech E Blog  search Search Our Archives – Please Select A Category – 1-Series Concept 2008 Audi S5 2008 BMW M3 2008 BMW M3 Sedan 2008 Dodge Challenger 2008 Honda Accord 2008 Infiniti EX35 2008 Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution 3D Display 3D Printing 7500 Prism A Look Back Ace Combat Acer Active Life Athletic World Adobe Systems Advanced Video System Air Force Air Force Collaboratory Airbus A380 Alarm Clock Aliens Alienware Altoids Amazon Kindle American Inventor Animals Animation Anime Announcements Apple Apple Store Apps AquaDom Arcade Architechture Archos 605 Ariel Atom 3 Arkanoid DS ArmorAll Army of Two Articles Ascari A10 ASIMO Assassins Creed Aston Martin ASUS ASUS Eee AT&T Atari ATT Tilt Audi R8 Audi RS6 Avant Audi TT Auto Auto Assault-12 Avatar Aviation Babes Ben Heck Beowulf Bill Gates Bing Bing It On Bionic Commando BioShock Blacksite Area 51 Bladestorm Blu-ray Bluetooth BMW BMW 135i Coupe BMW M3 BMW M6 Boeing 747 Simulator BOSE Suspension BRAVIA Breaking News Budokai Tenkaichi 3 Bugatti Veyron Building Painting Buildings Burnout Paradise Cadillac Call of Duty 4 Camcorder Camera Tips Case Mod Casio Exilim Cats Cell Phones CES 2008 CES 2009 CES 2010 CES 2011 CES 2012 CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 CG China Clothing Collaboratory Commercial Computers Conan Concept Conquer Graymail Contests Contra Contra 4 Cooking Mama 2 Corvette C6RS Corvette ZR1 Cosplay Cowon Cowon A3 Creative Crisis Core Final Fantasy VII Crysis Crytek Daily Buzz Daily Roundup Dash Express Deals Dell Dell XPS One A2010 Design Desktops Devil May Cry 4 Dice Stacking Digital Camcorder Digital Cameras Displays Dodge Viper SRT-10 Dogs Drones DS Camera DS Lite DS TV Tuner Duke Nukem Forever Dynasty Warriors Gundam DynaTAC E3 E3 2015 eBay Eee PC Emulator EVO X F-22 FaceBook FAIL Far Cry 2 Fatal1ty FEAR Files Feature Ferrari Ferrari 599 GTB Ferrari F430 Scuderia Ferrari FXX Evoluzione Fifth Gear First Look FlatOut Ultimate Carnage Flying Car Folklore Food Ford GT40 Forza Motorsport 2 Free Energy Frontlines Fuel of War Funny Furniture Futurama Gadgets GalaxyS665 Game Art Game Boy GameStop Gametrailers Gateway One Gears of War Gears of War 2 Gears of War PC Geek Get a Mac GMail Google Google Android Google Earth Google gPhone Google Phone gPhone GPS Gran Turismo 5 Grand Theft Auto 4 Guitar Hero Guitar Hero 3 Gundam Hack Half Life 2 Half Life 2 Portal Halo Halo 3 Halo DS Halo Wars Hard Drive Hardware Headphones Heavenly Sword Hello Kitty Home Home Theater Honda Honda 124 Honda Accord Honda Accord Coupe HF-S Honda Civic Hybrid Honda Civic Type R Honda CR-Z Honda FCX Hotmail How its Made How to HP HP Blackbird HP iPAQ HTC HTC Kaiser HTC Touch HTC Touch Dual Slide HTC Touch Slide Hulk i-REAL i-SOBOT iD Software iMac Impreza WRX STi Infographics Initial D Intel Interactive Internet Interview Invicta iPad iPad Touch iPhone iPhone Accessory iPhone Clone iPhone Hack iPhone Nano iPhone Ringtone iPhone Shuffle iPod iPod Classic iPod Dock iPod Interface iPod Nano iPod Shuffle iPod Touch Iron Man iShoes Jam Sessions Japanese Japanese Gadget Java Josh Duhamel Juiced 2 K850i Keyboard Keyport Kitchen Konami Lamborghini Lamborghini LP640 Lamborghini Reventon Lancer Evolution X Laptops Laser TV Latitude XT LED TV LED Wheels LEGO LEGO Indiana Jones Lenovo Lenovo X300 Lexus Lexus IS-F LG LG KS20 LG KU990 LG Muziq lg nitro lg nitro hd LG Optimus G Pro lg phone LG Rumor LG Shine LG Touch LG U990 LG Venus LG Voyager Line Rider Linux Lotus Hot Wheels Luxury Mac Mini Mac OS X Leopard MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro MacBook Touch Mario Mario Kart Wii Mass Effect Math Maybach Maybach 62 Mazda Meizu M8 Mentos Coke Messenger Kit Metal Gear Solid 4 Metal Gear Solid Mobile Metroid Microsoft Microsoft Hotmail Microsoft Surface Microsoft Windows Microsoft Zune MicrosoftOutlook.com Military Mitsubishi Mitsubishi Lancer EVO X Mitsubishi Lancer Ralliart Mobile Internet Device Model Modern Marvels Mods Motorcycle Motorola Motorola Marco Motorola RAZR2 Movies Mozilla MP3 Players MP4 MS Paint Music N81 Naruto NASA Need for Speed ProStreet NES NES PC Netbook New Stuff Ninja Gaiden 2 Ninja Gaiden DS Nintendo Nintendo DS Nintendo DS 2 Nintendo Wii NISMO NISMO 350Z Nissan Nissan GTR Nissan PIVO nitro lg No More Heroes Nokia Nokia 6500 Slide Nokia iPhone Nokia N81 Nokia N810 Nokia N82 Nokia N96 Notebook Nuclear Rifle NVIDIA Ocean Dome Office Technology OLED Optimus G Pro Optimus Keyboard Optimus Maximus Osborne 1 Outlook.com Pac-Man Pagani Zonda F Palm Centro Palm Z Panasonic Patent PC PDAs Philips Photography Photoshop Picdump Pico Projector Picobot Picture Pinball Ping Pong Table Pixar Pizza Plane PlayStation PlayStation 2 PlayStation 3 PlayStation Eye PMP PMX-M70 Poll Pong Pontiac G8 Porsche Porsche 911 GT1 Porsche GT2 Portal Power Glove Preview Project Gotham Racing 4 Projector PS3 PS4 PSP PSP Slim PSP2 PSPhone Punch Out PVP Quake Wars RadioShack Rally Raing Random RAZR 2 Remote Desktop Resident Evil 5 Resident Evil Umbrella Chronicles Review Me Reviews Robosaurus Robots Rock Band Rockstar Table Tennis Wii Roller Coaster Rolly Rube Goldberg Rubiks Cube Runbot S2000 CR Saleen Samsung Samsung Beat Samsung Blast Samsung Fin Samsung G600 Samsung Juke Samsung Serenata Science ScrewAttack SEGA SEGA Rally EVO Segway SEMA 2007 Sidekick LX Sidekick Slide Simpsons Skate Skateboarder Sky Tower Skype Smartphone Software Soldier of Fortune Pay Back Sonic Sony Sony Ericsson Sony Mylo 2 Sony Rolly Soul Calibur 4 Soulcaliber IV Soulcalibur Legends Space Space Invaders Space Up Speakers Spider-Man Sports Sprint Sprint Faster Sprint Spark Spy Shots SSC Ultimate Aero TT Star Trek Star Wars Starcraft 2 Steampunk Stop-Motion Street Fighter 4 Streetcarver Stryker Subaru Subaru WRX Super Mario Galaxy Super Smash Bros Brawl Surface Computer Suzuki BiPlane T-Mobile T-Mobile Shadow Tablet PC Tank Car Tank Limo Tata Nano Tattoo Team Fortress 2 Tech 5 TechEBlog Review Technology Tekken 5 Television Tetris TGS 07 The Dark Knight The Eye of Judgement The Real Hustle The Simpsons The Simpsons Game TheShack ThinkGeek Time Crisis 4 TimeShift Tire Sculptures Toaster Tokyo Motor Show Tony Hawk Too Human Top 10 Top 5 Top Gear Toyota Toyota Prius Toys TradeandSave Trailer Transformers Transformers 2 Transportation Travel TRD Aurion Turok Tutorial Ubuntu UFO Ultima GTR Ultrabook UMPC Uncharted Uncharted Drakes Fortune Unreal Tournament 3 Unusual USB Drive USB Gadget Valve Vending Machine Verizon Video Video Games Vii Virgin Galactic Virtua Fighter 5 Virtual Reality Volkswagen Volkswagen Nardo W580 W910 W960 Wall-E Watches Weapon Weird Wheel Wibrain Wii Wii Fit Wii Zapper Wiimote Hack Will it Blend Windows 7 Windows Vista Wireless Wooden Car World News World of Warcraft Worlds Largest LCD Screen WRX STi  search now Follow @techeblog contact advertise shopping forums ©2017 Honekai Media | privacy policy handcrafted by: onelotus creative
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Tablet iPad Air 3 Rumors: Thinner iPad Air 3 Possibly Releasing in March 2017? By John Solinap on January 15 2017 06:12 PM Share Tweet Share Share Email Apple’s iPad product line has branched out to several exciting products over the past years. Certainly one of the most popular models of the iPad though is the iPad Air. The thin and light tablet has been one of the hottest selling iPads in the market. Now, many tech fans are excited about the upcoming iPad Air 3 which is releasing soon. If the iPad Air 3 rumors are to be believed, a thinner iPad Air 3 could be coming as early as March of this year. The iPad Air product line boasts of being lightweight and portable, hence its name. This year though, Apple may very well make the device slightly larger without compromising on its weight and portability. iPad Air 3 Expected to Be Thinner Than iPad Air 2 According to MacWorld UK, the upcoming iPad Air 3 is rumored to be thinner than the iPad Air 2. This is certainly not a big surprise as Apple is constantly trying to outdo itself when it comes to releasing the latest gadgets. The iPad Air 2 was thinner than the original iPad Air so the upcoming iPad Air 3 will likely continue the trend. What is surprising though is that Apple intends to do this while reportedly increasing the screen size of the tablet. The same MacWorld UK report mentions that there could be a version of the iPad Air 3 which will have a 10.9-inch display. This certainly makes the iPad Air 3 slightly bigger but without adding too much weight and thickness to the device. iPad Air 3 Release Happening in March? These iPad Air 3 rumors are surely getting Apple fans very excited for the release of the tablet. Well, the wait is not going to be that much long now as a March 2017 launch is currently being predicted. Apple surely is going to have another media event this March and the iPad Air 3 could be the star of the show. Be sure to check back here soon to find out more news and updates on the iPad Air 3 as well as on the other great gadgets releasing soon. Read Also: Apple iPad Air 3 vs Microsoft Surface 5: Intel Kaby Lake Processor To Beat Apple’s Innovative Design Related Items:iPad Air 3 launch, iPad Air 3 Leaks, ipad air 3 release, ipad air 3 rumors Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you No iPad Air 3 Release As Tablet Rebranded As “Low-Cost” iPad Pro iPad Air 3 Rumors: Upcoming Tablet Expected to Be More Powerful, March 2017 Release Date Likely Apple iPad Air 3 Release Date, Specs, Features News & Updates: We Might Be Seeing The Last Of The Air Products About the author John Solinap John is a writer for TheBitBag.com. Being a tech and gadget junkie, he enjoys reading about the latest news and updates in the world of computers and technology. Featured Resident Evil 7 Sales Numbers: Capcom Inches In On Resident Evil 5’s Lifetime Sales Tekken 7 DLC: “We Do Not Sell Classic Tekken Characters,” Says Director Rainbow Six Siege: Renown Bonus Event And Free 1 Day Booster After Server Outage The Sims 4 Cheats For City Living, Vampire Mode: Everything You Need To Know Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Viral: You’ll Never Guess What This Monk Work At Night Buddhist monks are usually a group of people who are seen by many as... Resident Evil 7 Sales Numbers: Capcom Inches In On Resident Evil 5’s Lifetime Sales Resident Evil 7 has already reached 2.5 million sales three days since its release.... Resident Evil 7 Banned Footage Vol. 2 DLC: Magazine Scan Shows First Images For The Daughters, Jack’s 55th Birthday, And 21 Shortly after the launch of Resident Evil 7, Capcom revealed the first set of... Splatoon 2 Special Abilities: All Weapon Skills We Know So Far During the last Nintendo Switch reveals, the Splatoon 2 trailer was released and it... Injustice 2 Characters: Nightwing Not Returning As Damien Wayne Dons Robin Costume After revealing Robin as one of the Injustice 2 characters, NetherRealms has decided to... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft google Samsung Playstation 3 mobile gaming The Division featured no man's sky PC iOS pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick facebook playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Blizzard Pokemon Go Update Game of Thrones games NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Home Archives Ed Morrissey Show Newsletters   How much influence will pro-Erdogan voices have on President Trump? posted at 11:01 am on January 15, 2017 by Jazz Shaw Share on Facebook 1 1 SHARES With the inauguration only days away, I have to admit that I’m growing increasingly concerned with the possible direction Donald Trump will be taking in terms of our relationship with Turkey and President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. The Obama administration, led by Secretary of State John Kerry, has totally failed to respond to what amounts to the abject collapse of Democracy in that nation and the rise of tyranny under their current president. With a stronger leader like Trump (who pulls no punches on the foreign policy front, as we’ve already seen) I was hoping for a more robust response, but there are obviously a lot of forces at work behind the scenes. Trump’s getting plenty of input from the wrong people so far, and another example of this showed up this week in the form of an editorial at The Hill written by former Montana Congressman Denny Rehberg. Titled, “Resetting Turkey-US relations“, this piece could just as easily have been written by anyone on Erdogan’s staff. As the United States prepares for the incoming administration and President Donald Trump, there stands an opportunity for a reset of an important relationship – that of the United States and Turkey. The hope is that President Trump and his officials will cultivate more closely a diplomatic relationship with Turkish President Erdogan than President Obama had left fallow over the past eight years. In such a tumultuous time, there will be many issues that concern the two world leaders. And one of the issues hovering at the top of that list will be Fethullah Gulen, the U.S.-based Imam and leader of the Fethullah Terrorist Organization (FETO) – the same person who orchestrated the failed coup attempt in Turkey on July 15 of this past year. Those opening paragraphs give you a feel for the entire piece, which goes on to continually denounce Fethullah Gulen as the author of last year’s coup in Turkey (a charge which has yet to be proven anywhere but in the mind of Erdogan), and demand that Trump extradite him in the name of improving relations with our historic ally. There is zero mention of the tens of thousands of people languishing in Erdogan’s dungeons, the closure of all media not approved by the state, the imprisonment of police chiefs, professors and political opponents, Erdogan’s attempts at cleansing the nation of Kurds or his efforts to rewrite their constitution to make him essentially a dictator for life. Also missing from Rehberg’s essay is a single mention of American pastor Andrew Brunson, who still remains locked up in one of Erdogan’s cells in the hope of using him as a bargaining chip against us. If you haven’t been keeping up with events in Turkey and the unfolding disaster of the Erdogan presidency, just scan the headlines of our previous coverage. It’s worth noting that the former congressman isn’t coming into this argument out of a vacuum. He’s been a pro-Turkey advocate for years and was formerly part of the Congressional Turkey Caucus. That group was stirring up trouble on the Hill for quite a while, prompting Michael Rubin to take to the pages of Commentary back in 2014 calling for the entire caucus to be disbanded. His analysis of the dangers of Erdogan, including his obvious history of antisemitism and antipathy toward Israel remains a must-read to this day. Unfortunately, it’s probably not just Rehberg who will be urging such passivity on Trump’s part. Erdogan himself has been showering praise on Trump, most recently for “putting the media in their place.” Now, I’ll be the first to note the many shortcomings of American mainstream media, but we deal with the problem through free market forces, not by throwing Wolf Blitzer in a dungeon and scheduling him for an acid bath. There may be other forces seeking to influence Trump on this score as well. His national security adviser, General Michael Flynn, has much to recommend him, but as Chuck Ross of the Daily Caller revealed back in November, Flynn has some deep ties on this score. His lobbying firm, the Flynn Intel Group, was hired by an obscure Dutch firm specifically to promote Erdogan and his agenda. He also wrote an op-ed (again, in The Hill by the way) just before the election which alarmingly mimics Rehberg’s piece, describing Turkey as being “in crisis” and in need of “our support” while calling for the extradition of Gulen with no mention of Erdogan’s many other sins. Trump himself has a history of seeming a bit too friendly with Erdogan as well. Shortly after the aborted Turkish coup last summer the President Elect gave an interview to the New York Times in which he seemed to be singing Erdogan’s praises and sounding as if he was ready to believe anything he had to say about Gulen, as recounted by Gregory Pappas. “I give great credit to him for being able to turn that around,” Mr. Trump said of the coup attempt on Friday night. “Some people say that it was staged, you know that,” he said in the interview. “I don’t think so.” When the interviewer asked Trump if he believed that Erdogan was exploiting the coup attempt to purge his political enemies, Trump deflected the answer and criticized the nation he wishes to lead in January of 2017, saying that the United States wasn’t a good messenger of moral authority over other countries. “When the world sees how bad the United States is and we start talking about civil liberties, I don’t think we are a very good messenger,” he said. Trump told the NYTimes reporter that he was convinced that he could convince Erdogan to spend more emphasis on fighting ISIS. As with all things, we won’t know Donald Trump’s final decision and course of action until he lets us know himself. But the early signs are more than worrying. I hope he’s getting a broad range of input from his team and listening to more voices than just the ones which seem to be in Erdogan’s pocket. We have a serious problem with Turkey but it’s not just the need to secure their further cooperation in fighting ISIS. That formerly democratic ally of ours is collapsing before our eyes. Erdogan is a thug who is no friend of Israel or the west. The purge he is currently carrying out should horrify anyone and now he’s brazenly taken an American hostage. He needs to be dealt with from a position of strength, not an immediate willingness to compromise. Share on Facebook 1 1 SHARES Tags: Andrew Brunson, Donald Trump, foreign policy, NATO, Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey Related Posts: Trump’s next executive actions touch on NSC, ISIS and draining the swamp At the auto show, after spats with Trump GM features a car made in… Canada CBS: This week in executive orders … Breaking on Hot Air Trump’s next executive actions touch on NSC, ISIS and draining the swamp FedEx supports driver who prevented protesters from burning American flag At the auto show, after spats with Trump GM features a car made in… Canada Blowback   Trump’s next executive actions touch on NSC, ISIS and draining the swamp FedEx supports driver who prevented protesters from burning American flag At the auto show, after spats with Trump GM features a car made in… Canada CBS: This week in executive orders … The refugee travel ban is certainly shaking things up Join Ed and Allahpundit on Facebook! Hot Links Right Channels Ace of Spades HQ Allergic2Bull Andrew Malcolm BigGovernment.com Daily Caller Defining Ideas Doug Powers Doug Ross @ Journal Election Results ElectionProjection Evan Coyne Maloney Fausta's Blog Jeff Dunetz La Shawn Barber’s Corner Le·gal In·sur·rec·tion Liberty Unyielding Mark Steyn Matt Lewis Michelle Malkin Newsbusters NRA News Patterico Poll Tracker Power Line Pundit & Pundette Real Clear Politics Ricochet Right Wing News Salena Zito Second Amendment The Other McCain The Shark Tank The Sundries Shack Tip Sheet Blog Townhall U.S. Constitution Left Channels BloggingHeads TV War on Terror Blogging the Qur’an Counterterrorism Blog Jihad Watch MEMRI TV Michael Yon NEFA Foundation Zombie Audio podcasters Ashbrook podcasts Blogtalkradio Instapundit Cartoons/Satire Conservative eCards Day by Day Mallard Fillmore Michael Ramirez Cartoons Political Cartoons Entertainment Happy Slip John Hanlon Reviews Industry/Internet TV Ed Driscoll Johnny Dollar Popehat Roger L. Simon Hangouts Drudge Report Linkiest Lucianne Memeorandum Twitchy Talkers Hugh Hewitt KFI – Los Angeles Kirby Wilbur Lars Larson Laura Ingraham Mark Levin Michael Graham Michael Smerconish Mike Gallagher Radio Vice Online Roger Hedgecock Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity Tammy Bruce Tony Katz Hot Air Affiliates Brian Maloney Going Red Investigative Project Jawa Report Suitably Flip Feeds  Subscribe in a reader Recent Tags Donald Trump trump abortion Barack Obama Supreme Court immigration Hillary Clinton hardiman kellyanne conway gorsuch filibuster voter fraud Mexico Mitch McConnell border wall EPA Dakota Access Pipeline Russia illegal Mike Pence Women's March on Washington media media bias mcconnell Secret Service drain the swamp executive action ISIS lobbyists nsc american flag FedEx flag burning protest Canada cars Chevrolet General Motors show daca dapa executive orders syrian refugees ban green cards Iran Iraq protests refugees birth certificate © 2006-2017 Hot Air | Designed by The Blog Studio | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | About | Advertise | Mobile Site
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 29, 3:54 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Windows 10 Creators Update: Game Mode, Greater Data Control, Better Privacy Settings And More By Rishabh Jain On 01/15/17 AT 6:57 AM Close The Windows 10 Creators Update was announced by the company in October 2016 and is expected to come out in the spring of 2017. The update is likely to bring long-awaited features for Windows users such as Paint 3D and virtual reality (VR) compatibility. In addition to being a major upgrade to Windows, the Creators Update is also expected to be Microsoft’s answer to all feedback and complaints it has received about Windows 10. Terry Myerson, Microsoft Executive Vice President of the Windows and Devices Group, speaks about Microsoft's Windows 10 "Creators Update" at a Microsoft event in the Manhattan borough of New York City, Oct. 26, 2016. Photo: REUTERS/Lucas Jackson Here are 5 features of Windows 10 Creators Update that you should look out for: 3D features Windows 10 Creators Update will bring 3D enabled features, especially a 3D enabled version of its graphics program Paint. Microsoft stated on its Windows Blog that it will also add 3D creation features to other applications such as PowerPoint. Many companies including Lenovo and Dell would manufacture 3D accessories for Windows users, with price tags starting at $299, which will let users create their own 3D content. Gaming features Microsoft recently revealed that it will introduce an improved gaming experience with the Windows 10 Creators Update. In October, the company revealed that the update would have a Beam feature that would let players stream their gameplay. Beam will connect to players’ Xbox Live account and let them stream games using this account. Players won’t need to use an extra software for gaming on PC. A new "Windows+G" shortcut will pull up the Game bar with a broadcast button to start streaming. Players will also be able to record their own gaming videos in the form of GameDVR clips, adjust the recording length and access their video captures directly in the Guide section appearing on the right side of the screen. But the most important feature of the new update is the Game Mode, which Microsoft says will bring improved performance to PC gaming. Microsoft recently revealed that the Game Mode will run both legacy games (Win32) and modern games (Universal Windows Platform). Mixed Reality VR compatibility Microsoft announced at Computex 2016 that it will bring its Holographic Mixed Reality technology to Windows PCs. At the event, held in late May and early June, it also announced that it will be working with Intel to create head mounted VR displays compatible with regular Windows hardware. “Next year, we will be releasing an update to Windows 10, which will enable mainstream PCs to run the Windows Holographic shell and associated mixed reality and universal Windows applications,” the company said at the time. The Windows Holographic shell will enable multitasking in VR, blending 2D and 3D apps, and support different kinds of devices. Improved privacy settings and web browsing On Tuesday, Microsoft revealed its new web-based privacy dashboard, which lets users see and control their Microsoft activity data, including location, search, browsing, and Cortana Notebook data across multiple devices. Users can sign in with their Microsoft account and visit https://account.microsoft.com/privacy to review and clear their data. The company will also give users a simplified version of their diagnostic data, so that they can review their privacy settings and see what features they need to use and grant permissions to. The company will also add new features to its Edge browser, such as tab preview feature, which will give you information about open tabs in the form of thumbnails. Tabs can also be shared using the ‘share tabs’ options in the side menu. Related Stories Microsoft Announces Windows 10 Insider Preview Build 15002 For PC New Security Feature For Windows 10 Devices In The Works Users will also be able to scribble over or annotate web pages in Microsoft Edge using the browser’s Web Note feature. Edge will also allow users to deny Adobe Flash access to some sites while enabling it on others. In addition to this, users will be able to import favorites, browsing history, saved passwords, and data from other browsers to Edge using the ‘import from another browser’ option in the Edge settings menu. Microsoft Wallet Microsoft will come out with its own e-wallet to compete with services such as Apple Pay and Samsung Pay. The feature is currently under development, but preview support for it has been included in the new payment request API for Edge. The feature will allow e-commerce sites to retrieve a user’s payment and shipping information using the Microsoft Wallet. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Trump Has Tax Plan To Pay For Border Wall The U.S. runs a $59 billion trade deficit with Mexico. Imposing a 20 percent tax on imports would raise funds to pay for the wall. Technology Tech Companies Protest Against Immigration Ban Leaders of many tech companies, including Tim Cook and Elon Musk, have taken a position against President Donald Trump's policy to restrict immigration to the U.S. World NASA Reveals New Test For Alien Life NASA's new technique separates living organisms from non-living sources through identifying amino acids. National Celebrities Speak Out Against Immigration Ban Many popular celebrities and ordinary citizens are protesting the executive order by President Donald Trump, both in real life and on social media. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Presented by In Association With Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Budget #Testing #Testing2 Testing New News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Finance » News » Banks RBI employees urge governor to protect autonomy Finance Ministry finalising fund infusion for PSBs; to exceed Rs 25k cr Business Standard Interest rate over 7% unsustainable: Fino Paytech Fino was one among the 11 entities given in-principle nod to start payments bank by RBI in Aug 2015 Press Trust of India  |  Mumbai  January 15, 2017 Last Updated at 13:39 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USdsV8 Source: www.finopaytech.com ALSO READ Fino Paytech eyes payment bank launch by Q4 of FY17 BPCL acquires 21% stake in Fino Paytech ICICI Bank launches mobile app Eazypay for instant cashless payments Unified Payments Interface to go live for 21 bank customers ICICI Life gets Sebi nod for biggest IPO in 6 years The high interest rate of over 7 per cent because of competition is unsustainable, Fino Paytech has said, stating clearly that it will not join the interest rate war for customer acquisition but focus on profitability once it launches its payments bank. "We do not subscribe to high interest rates and free offers and feel that the business has to make sense. We are sure people also understand that these are not sustainable and are short-term ploys," Fino Paytech MD and CEO Rishi Gupta told PTI. He was fielding a query about Airtel's venture, which has become the first operational payments bank offering an interest rate of 7.25 per cent on deposits. Gupta said interest rates are on way down and there is a negative return because the government securities in which 75 per cent of deposits need to be invested are yielding 6.3 per cent. There are also costs of operations additionally, he pointed out. "Fino, which applied for the final licence, is hopeful of launching its payments bank in the next 2-3 months with a network of 40,000 touchpoints and 400 branches," he added. The company already has 20,000 touchpoints through its legacy business correspondent network through which it serves universal banks, he said, adding that 10,000 additional points will come up through its strategic partners, including oil marketing company BPCL while it is putting up an additional 10,000 points. The touchpoints will operate through hand-held devices while the branches will be manned by up to four people each and spread across 300 square feet. Many of the branches are already running, but it is expanding headcount and the space, Gupta said. The company will also look at scaling up the recently-launched wallet service in the run-up to the bank launch. Earlier this week, it announced fund-raising of Rs 149 crore from ICICI Bank's insurance arms and two unnamed investors, clearing the decks for it to seek RBI's final nod as it becomes a majority domestic investor-owned entity. Other investors in the payments bank include BPCL, Blackstone, Intel Capital, HSBC, ICICI Bank, BPCL, IFC, Corporation Bank, Indian Bank, Union Bank of India and Headland Capital Partners. Fino, which had been operating as a business correspondent, was one among the 11 entities given in-principle nod to start a payments bank by RBI in August 2015. Other successful entrants included corporate houses Reliance Industries, Aditya Birla Group, the Mahindras, and telecom firms like Vodafone's M-Pesa and Airtel. Three applicants, including Mahindra, Cholamandalam and pharma entrepreneur Dilip Shanghvi, have backed out mid-way. Read More On Fino Paytech | Rishi Gupta | Payments Bank | Bpcl | Blackstone | Intel Capital | Hsbc | Icici Bank PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Get life cover worth Rs 1 CR Rs 18 per day Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? Interest rate over 7% unsustainable: Fino Paytech Fino was one among the 11 entities given in-principle nod to start payments bank by RBI in Aug 2015 Fino was one among the 11 entities given in-principle nod to start payments bank by RBI in Aug 2015 The high interest rate of over 7 per cent because of competition is unsustainable, Fino Paytech has said, stating clearly that it will not join the interest rate war for customer acquisition but focus on profitability once it launches its payments bank. "We do not subscribe to high interest rates and free offers and feel that the business has to make sense. We are sure people also understand that these are not sustainable and are short-term ploys," Fino Paytech MD and CEO Rishi Gupta told PTI. He was fielding a query about Airtel's venture, which has become the first operational payments bank offering an interest rate of 7.25 per cent on deposits. Gupta said interest rates are on way down and there is a negative return because the government securities in which 75 per cent of deposits need to be invested are yielding 6.3 per cent. There are also costs of operations additionally, he pointed out. "Fino, which applied for the final licence, is hopeful of launching its payments bank in the next 2-3 months with a network of 40,000 touchpoints and 400 branches," he added. The company already has 20,000 touchpoints through its legacy business correspondent network through which it serves universal banks, he said, adding that 10,000 additional points will come up through its strategic partners, including oil marketing company BPCL while it is putting up an additional 10,000 points. The touchpoints will operate through hand-held devices while the branches will be manned by up to four people each and spread across 300 square feet. Many of the branches are already running, but it is expanding headcount and the space, Gupta said. The company will also look at scaling up the recently-launched wallet service in the run-up to the bank launch. Earlier this week, it announced fund-raising of Rs 149 crore from ICICI Bank's insurance arms and two unnamed investors, clearing the decks for it to seek RBI's final nod as it becomes a majority domestic investor-owned entity. Other investors in the payments bank include BPCL, Blackstone, Intel Capital, HSBC, ICICI Bank, BPCL, IFC, Corporation Bank, Indian Bank, Union Bank of India and Headland Capital Partners. Fino, which had been operating as a business correspondent, was one among the 11 entities given in-principle nod to start a payments bank by RBI in August 2015. Other successful entrants included corporate houses Reliance Industries, Aditya Birla Group, the Mahindras, and telecom firms like Vodafone's M-Pesa and Airtel. Three applicants, including Mahindra, Cholamandalam and pharma entrepreneur Dilip Shanghvi, have backed out mid-way. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Interest rate over 7% unsustainable: Fino Paytech Fino was one among the 11 entities given in-principle nod to start payments bank by RBI in Aug 2015 The high interest rate of over 7 per cent because of competition is unsustainable, Fino Paytech has said, stating clearly that it will not join the interest rate war for customer acquisition but focus on profitability once it launches its payments bank. "We do not subscribe to high interest rates and free offers and feel that the business has to make sense. We are sure people also understand that these are not sustainable and are short-term ploys," Fino Paytech MD and CEO Rishi Gupta told PTI. He was fielding a query about Airtel's venture, which has become the first operational payments bank offering an interest rate of 7.25 per cent on deposits. Gupta said interest rates are on way down and there is a negative return because the government securities in which 75 per cent of deposits need to be invested are yielding 6.3 per cent. There are also costs of operations additionally, he pointed out. "Fino, which applied for the final licence, is hopeful of launching its payments bank in the next 2-3 months with a network of 40,000 touchpoints and 400 branches," he added. The company already has 20,000 touchpoints through its legacy business correspondent network through which it serves universal banks, he said, adding that 10,000 additional points will come up through its strategic partners, including oil marketing company BPCL while it is putting up an additional 10,000 points. The touchpoints will operate through hand-held devices while the branches will be manned by up to four people each and spread across 300 square feet. Many of the branches are already running, but it is expanding headcount and the space, Gupta said. The company will also look at scaling up the recently-launched wallet service in the run-up to the bank launch. Earlier this week, it announced fund-raising of Rs 149 crore from ICICI Bank's insurance arms and two unnamed investors, clearing the decks for it to seek RBI's final nod as it becomes a majority domestic investor-owned entity. Other investors in the payments bank include BPCL, Blackstone, Intel Capital, HSBC, ICICI Bank, BPCL, IFC, Corporation Bank, Indian Bank, Union Bank of India and Headland Capital Partners. Fino, which had been operating as a business correspondent, was one among the 11 entities given in-principle nod to start a payments bank by RBI in August 2015. Other successful entrants included corporate houses Reliance Industries, Aditya Birla Group, the Mahindras, and telecom firms like Vodafone's M-Pesa and Airtel. Three applicants, including Mahindra, Cholamandalam and pharma entrepreneur Dilip Shanghvi, have backed out mid-way. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Jobs Cars Property Directory Announcements Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Bury Free Press Search More Close ] News Opinion Transport Crime Education Business Politics Environment Health Your Say Offbeat Celebs Regional National News Transport Crime Education Business Politics Environment Health Your Say Offbeat Celebs Regional National Sport Football Cricket Rugby Union Speedway More Bury Sport National Sport What's On Music Theatre & Comedy Arts TV & Film Eating Out Lifestyle Nostalgia Family Gadgets & Tech Outdoors Travel Cars Our Region Bury St Edmunds Haverhill Mildenhall Newmarket Stowmarket Sudbury Thetford Scientific research drives progress Comment by students at King Edward VI School, Bury St Edmunds ANL-151025-114649001 06:36 Sunday 15 January 2017 0 Have your say Picture this: a single electron in a vacuum, totally isolated and unobserved. It seems like this would be useless and a huge waste of money to set up – a symptom of mad science becoming irrelevant to most people’s lives. Yet that electron is possibly the greatest discovery mankind has ever made. It can help us find a cure for cancer or find new prime numbers millions of digits long. The benefits of the so-called quantum computing that uses particles like electrons to compute faster than ever before are tangible and profound: they affect people’s lives every day. Why is that electron important? It can perform calculations. Any system which can be observed by a human to be in two or more states – let’s call them ‘on’ and ‘off’ – can be used in an arrangement to perform calculations: to do sums. These sums are the basis on which all society is based, because it’s how computers work, how they display information. An endless, meaningless string of 1s and 0s under the hood are commonly known to be how computers function, but what do they actually mean? Each binary digit (a 1 or a 0) is the output of a tiny electrical gate called a transistor. A small electrical current either flows through the gate or it gets stopped, and an ‘on’ or ‘off’ signal is carried through to the next gate. Millions of these little gates form vast networks of transistors on a circuit board (green plastic plates that control every piece of electrical equipment you own), and we’ve got to the point where we can make them so small that the electrical current – however tiny it is – can jump across from one gate to the other, causing errors in calculations. The odd jumps that the electricity can make are hardly surprising: the transistors are so small that you can fit billions on a 5p-sized chip (tiny wafers of silicon that house transistors). Companies like Intel are getting slower and slower at producing smaller chips, as the challenges with physics get tougher at the minute scale they work at. You don’t need microscopic silicon transistors to do sums, though. Remember: we can do calculations using any series of objects that you can put in those ‘on’ or ‘off’ states. Like a domino line, for example. Using just a few fallen or upright dominoes you can do all manner of simple – and even some complex – maths problems. That’s where we get to the electron from earlier. We are just beginning to pioneer an entirely new method of computing – and it doesn’t even use physical matter any more. Moving beyond the (albeit tiny, but still physical) silicon transistors that have been used from decades is a radical step, and one that requires software coders and physicists making the new computers totally rethink the way they work. It’s called quantum computing, and it uses single particles (or in some cases, pseudo-particles that don’t even really exist) like an electron, measuring their ‘on’ or ‘off’ states and using them to perform calculations. They are so fast at doing this because the electron, whilst unobserved, can be in both the on and off states at one time due to quantum theory (see Schrodinger’s cat). Whilst a silicon gate can only think in terms of 1 or 0, a qbit (quantum gate) can think in multiple ways at the same time. Technology is moving fast away from the realm of the physical that we mortals live and love in. But that’s no reason to stop the research. The benefits of faster quantum computers are massive in finding cures for diseases or simulating space travel. This science is relevant to everyone. --Will Allsopp is a student at King Edward VI School, Bury St Edmunds Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with Bury Free Press means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to Bury Free Press You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to Bury Free Press Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Join Us On Explore News Sport Lifestyle What's On Our Region More from Bury Free Press Announcements Cars Jobs Property Useful Links Contact us Advertise a Job Place your ads Subscribe © 2017 Iliffe Media Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Computers Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Release Update: Device Will Be Created By Third Party Manufacturers By Shruthi PK on January 15 2017 02:32 PM Share Tweet Share Share Email Microsoft Surface Pro 5 launch is expected to arrive in this spring. The device will be created by the third party for Microsoft. A Chinese website has revealed that Pegatron will be making Surface Pro 5 for Microsoft. Microsoft has already given the manufacturing contract to Pegatron . The same brand had created Surface Studio. Microsoft will release Windows 10 update with Surface Pro 5. At present, fans are eagerly waiting for Windows 10 update. Microsoft purposefully withholding Windows 10 update, according to PC Advisor. Windows 10 update will be the most exciting feature of Surface Pro 5. Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Features Microsoft Surface Pro 5 will be powered by Kaby Lake processors. “The 7th Generation Core, formerly codenamed Kaby Lake, will be coming later this year. We have over 400 designs coming to market on the Seventh Gen Core, and you can expect lots of innovations from our OEM partners bringing this product to market,” said Shenoy during the company’s Computex keynote speech. Microsoft Surface Pro 5 will have a high-resolution IPS Corning Gorilla glass protected display. There will be a 6 GB of RAM and 126 GB or 256 GB of internal storage capacity. According to Yahoo, the Surface Pro 5 will have an eSIM. This option will help the users to use the internet while traveling. Microsoft Surface Pro 5 price range will be between $899 to $1,599. “Instinctively, it makes more sense to wait a year since the last model, rather than rush a summer launch. Given that the Intel processors are just barely becoming available, it also makes sense that Microsoft would need some time to polish a product that includes the new chips. It?s certainly better for Microsoft to get the product right than to hit an arbitrary time frame,” Jan Dawson, chief analyst at Jackdaw Research, said. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 had some wonderful features like  The Stereo microphones and Stereo speakers with Dolby audio. Surface Pro 5 may also carry the same features. Keep visiting The BitBag for more updates. Read Also:Surface Pro 5 Launch Not Happening Soon As Microsoft Will Update Surface Pro 4? Related Items:Microsoft Surface Pro 5, microsoft surface pro 5 features, Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Release, Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Specs Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Release Slated At MWC 2017 – Report Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Release Conflicting Rumors Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Update: Three Intel Kaby Lake Variants With 4K Screen Arriving in March About the author Shruthi PK Passionate about films, the first day first show!!! She loves keeping herself updated with Hollywood. iPhone and MacBook are her best buddies. She also analyses the gadgets of all top brands! Featured Resident Evil 7 Sales Numbers: Capcom Inches In On Resident Evil 5’s Lifetime Sales Tekken 7 DLC: “We Do Not Sell Classic Tekken Characters,” Says Director Rainbow Six Siege: Renown Bonus Event And Free 1 Day Booster After Server Outage The Sims 4 Cheats For City Living, Vampire Mode: Everything You Need To Know Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Viral: You’ll Never Guess What This Monk Work At Night Buddhist monks are usually a group of people who are seen by many as... Resident Evil 7 Sales Numbers: Capcom Inches In On Resident Evil 5’s Lifetime Sales Resident Evil 7 has already reached 2.5 million sales three days since its release.... Resident Evil 7 Banned Footage Vol. 2 DLC: Magazine Scan Shows First Images For The Daughters, Jack’s 55th Birthday, And 21 Shortly after the launch of Resident Evil 7, Capcom revealed the first set of... Splatoon 2 Special Abilities: All Weapon Skills We Know So Far During the last Nintendo Switch reveals, the Splatoon 2 trailer was released and it... Injustice 2 Characters: Nightwing Not Returning As Damien Wayne Dons Robin Costume After revealing Robin as one of the Injustice 2 characters, NetherRealms has decided to... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft google Samsung Playstation 3 mobile gaming The Division featured no man's sky PC iOS pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick facebook playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Blizzard Pokemon Go Update Game of Thrones games NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Home News Cover Stories World Africa Metro Politics Education Crime Law Health Labour Matters Agriculture Science & Technology Business Aviation Banking Capital Markets Commerce and Industry Energy Finance Insurance Mines and Steel Property Sports Football Fifa World Cup 2014 Athletics Tennis Golf Basketball Boxing Cycling Wrestling Table Tennis Weight Lifting Other Sports Features For the Record Interval Interviews Columns Monday Column Tuesday Column Wednesday Column Thursday Column Friday Column Saturday Column Sunday Column Opinion Blogs Money Matters Declare Law and The Nation Law and The Society Naija Langwej A-Z On The Turf Ruffles Sharp Strokes Window On Leadership On The Lighter Side Defence Focus Customs Focus Inside Out Eye On The Bankers’ Bank Politics and Policy Health Matters Periscope Psychological Musings Randoms Tax In Focus My Leadership Series Editorial Cartoons Letters Entertainment Arts Life and Culture Music Movies Inside Nollywood Kannywood Style Fashion and Style Living and Trends Weddings Dining Religion Menu Home News + Cover Stories World Africa Metro Politics Education Crime Law Health Labour Matters Agriculture Science & Technology Business + Aviation Banking Capital Markets Commerce and Industry Energy Finance Insurance Mines and Steel Property Sports + Football Fifa World Cup 2014 Athletics Tennis Golf Basketball Boxing Cycling Wrestling Table Tennis Weight Lifting Other Sports Features + For the Record Interval Interviews Columns + Monday Column Tuesday Column Wednesday Column Thursday Column Friday Column Saturday Column Sunday Column Opinion + Blogs Money Matters Declare Law and The Nation Law and The Society Naija Langwej A-Z On The Turf Ruffles Sharp Strokes Window On Leadership On The Lighter Side Defence Focus Customs Focus Inside Out Eye On The Bankers’ Bank Politics and Policy Health Matters Periscope Psychological Musings Randoms Tax In Focus My Leadership Series Editorial Cartoons Letters Entertainment + Arts Life and Culture Music Movies Inside Nollywood Kannywood Style + Fashion and Style Living and Trends Weddings Dining Religion About Advertise Contact Community Terms and Conditions Cookies & Privacy Policy Site Map Just In FG Urged To Revive Ajaokuta Steel Delta: Man Slaps Taxi Driver To Coma Over Rumored Death Of PMB Arms Production: Nigerian Company Storms US Market el-Rufai Warns Against Rumours Peddling Home / Columns / Sunday Column / Lessons From The American Presidential Transition Lessons From The American Presidential Transition Osita Chidoka — Jan 15, 2017 5:05 am | Leave a comment On January 20, Donald Trump will be sworn in as the 45th President of the United State of America following a long tradition of Presidential democracy that has endured. The election of Donald Trump, for me, provides us another opportunity to review our democratic traditions as a country and begin the process of instituting traditions that limits discretion and enhance institutional framework. We copied the United States Presidential system of government in its flamboyance and high cost without any attention to the finer details and traditions that support the system. By our level of development and economic situation we had no business copying the bi-cameral legislation of the American Presidential system, fallout of their peculiar political experience. Future constitutional amendment should address issues of reducing the size and cost of our democracy. But I digress. Today we are concerned with the traditions and rules concerning election and transition of the American President and the lessons for us in Nigeria. In the last two months, we all saw the rigorous campaign and election of the US President-elect in clockwork manner displaying deep traditions and legal provisions that if we emulate will enhance our democratic experience. Some of the key lessons include the sacrosanct date of election, utilising the transition period for briefing by the outgoing administration and the bureaucracy, making key appointments of presidential staff and Senate approved positions and the nature of senate screening of appointees. We also saw the role of the General Services Administration in providing oversight and ensuring ethics compliance during the transition. Particularly we note the screening of the appointees by the Senate that received the nominations with the portfolio of the nominee stated allowing the relevant senate committee to hold detailed hearings and providing the public with insights about the nominee’s political views. The Nigerian senate should consider amending their rules to allow for committee hearings for screening. Also, Presidents should forward their nominations together with Portfolio to allow for detailed confirmation screening. My confirmation screening as Minister bears no resemblance to what I saw the Trump nominees go through either in rigour or depth. To manage transition in the United States Congress had passed legislations providing for the mechanics of transition. Providing an Overview of Federal Legislation Governing Presidential Transitions according to the GSA website https://www.gsa.gov/portal/category/105659 the following legislations govern the American transition. Presidential Transition Act of 1963, (Public Law 88-277, 3 U.S. C. 102 note) was enacted to provide for the orderly transfer of executive power in connection with the expiration of the term of office of a President and the inauguration of a new President. The objective of the Act is described succinctly in the first page of the 1963 Act thus “The national interest requires that such transitions in the office of President be accomplished so as to assure continuity in the faithful execution of the laws and in the conduct of the affairs of the Federal Government, both domestic and foreign. Any disruption occasioned by the transfer of the executive power could produce results detrimental to the safety and well-being of the United States and its people.” The next Act passed by Congress was the Presidential Transition Effectiveness Act of 1998 which amended the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 to provide for a more orderly transfer of executive power in connection with the expiration of the term of office of a President. To control appointments by the President-Elect Congress passed The Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998. The Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998 sets requirements for reporting to Congress and the Comptroller General actions related to Presidential Appointment with Senate Confirmation (PAS) positions as well as the qualifications for and term limits on acting PAS officers. Congress also passed the Presidential Transition Act of 2000, which amended the Presidential Transition Act of 1963. It authorizes the General Services Administration (GSA) to develop and deliver orientation activities for key prospective Presidential appointees, and requires GSA, in consultation with the National Archives and Records Administration, to develop a transition directory. The Intel. Reform & Terrorism Prevention Act, amended the Presidential Transition Act of 1963. It authorizes the provision of security clearances for prospective transition team members who will have a need for access to classified information to carry out their responsibilities as members of the President-elect’s transition team. Pre-Election Presidential Transition Act of 2010, amended the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 to provide that certain transition services shall be available to eligible candidates before the general election. The first thing we should deal with in building our electoral tradition is making our election date sacrosanct and removing the wide discretion that the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) currently have as it pertains to election dates. American Presidential election was conducted on November 8, a date cast in stone and known to all. After four election cycles, INEC should grow up and stop shifting dates for elections.  I think time has come for the National Assembly to fix the dates for elections and stop the vague not more than 60 days’ provision of the electoral Act. Our recent history of transition from one party to another makes it imperative to articulate and define the process of transition and create a template for orderly transfer of executive power. The formation of transition teams, access to information and funding of the transition are issues crying for legislative attention. The strange and unnerving situation where a President is sworn in and does not constitute a Federal Executive Council for as long as he wishes requires urgent attention and clear legislative provisions. Since we aped the American Presidential system it will not be out of place if we adopt the process where all Senate approved appointees are selected and cleared before the swearing in of the President. The need for orientation and providing administrative support for incoming administration requires that an office under the Secretary to the Government of the Federation is made responsible for coordinating the transition activities and managing the budget appropriated for transition. Our democracy is still evolving and we need to continually legislate on key aspects to entrench good practices, reduce discretion and build institutions that can support our national aspirations of democracy, good governance and law governed rule. Facebook Twitter Google+ reddit LinkedIn StumbleUpon See How I Satisfied My Woman For Over 30 mins in Bed and Enlarge my penis size without Side Effect(Click Here To Read) This New Natural Solution Helps you last extra 30 mins on bed with no side effects. Get it at 50 percent Discount Today.(Click Here To Read) Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus « Previous Article Gunmen Kidnap Students In Ogun Next Article » Barca President Assures Fans Of Messi’s Future Latest Posts 6:12 am FG Urged To Revive Ajaokuta Steel — Comment 6:08 am Delta: Man Slaps Taxi Driver To Coma Over Rumored Death Of PMB — Comment 6:06 am Arms Production: Nigerian Company Storms US Market — Comment 6:06 am el-Rufai Warns Against Rumours Peddling — Comment 6:01 am Who Wishes The President Dead? — Comment 6:00 am BBOG Group Model For Other Citizens’ Movement – Group — Comment 5:56 am Gwandu Emir Hails Jaiz Bank’s Policies — Comment 5:54 am Federal Airports Maintenance To Gulp N18bn In 2017 Budget — Comment 5:49 am 3m Children Denied Access To Education In North East – NGO — Comment 5:45 am President Adama Barrow And Task Of Rebuilding The Gambia — Comment Join Leadership Community Forum Poll Should The Federal Government Swap Detained Boko Haram Members For Chibok Girls? Yes No Vote Total Votes: 5872 Download Alexa Toolbar Tweets by @LeadershipNGA Photo Gallery His Excellency Vice President Prof Yemi Osinbajo During The Press Conference At The World Economic Forum In Dovas, Switzerland Tweets by @FRSCNigeria Exchange Rate Naira Exchange Rate Leadership Community Login Username * Password * No Community Account? Create One! Daily Columns Monday DMO And Buhari’s Plan To Exit Recession by BY Wale Suleiman Jan 23rd | Comments For obvious reasons, recession is the most notorious economic parlance in the land today. No discussion comes up among Nigerians without the term creeping up as explanation for the current… …read more Tuesday Abubakar Shekau: Surrender Now, Terrorism Is Over by Abiodun Israel Jan 24th | Comments I have come to identify history, as a phenomenon which replicates itself in other parts of the world. Sambisa Forest in Nigeria’s Northeast and its Camp Zero, Boko Haram Terrorists… …read more Wednesday North East: Peace Not War by By Sam Ode Jan 25th | Comments A tearful Rwandan female author, Ms. Immacuée Ilibagiza, pleaded to an adamant world with these touchy words in the aftermath of the Rwandan war/genocide, which severely ravaged the country. She… …read more Thursday The Proposed Abuja Airport Closure Jan 26th | Comments The planned closure of Abuja airport for repairs of the runway in March has elicited a lot of comments. While the public and even the National Assembly are overwhelmingly against… …read more Friday Never Again To The Bomb That Missed Our Backyard by Azubuike Ishiekwene Jan 27th | Comments In a week when Africa riveted on former President Yahya Jammeh’s tantrums, an event that could have shaken the continent to its core slipped below the radar. Or maybe we… …read more Saturday Imo And Deficit Of Governance by Martins Frank Jan 28th | Comments In the year 2000, British Government built a Millennium Dome for exhibition.  The Dome which cost £625million to build was projected to attract 12million visitors yearly for the project to… …read more Sunday Building A Culture Of Measurement by Osita Chidoka Jan 29th | Comments Listening to Chidi Odinkalu, the brilliant and passionate advocate of human rights lead a discussion at SALT initiative gathering about three years ago, he used the phrase an “innumerate culture”… …read more Copyright © 2015 Leadership Newspaper. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google+ reddit LinkedIn StumbleUpon
  Home U.K. News Sports     U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines U.S. Showbiz U.K. Showbiz Headlines Arts Pictures Showbiz Boards Blogs Video TV Listings My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump's immigration ban derailed: Federal court grants emergency stay temporarily HALTING deportation of visa holders detained at US airports after nationwide protests Uber CEO pledges to compensate 'thousands of its drivers' affected by Trump's immigration ban after critics accuse the company of 'colluding with Trump' Sia, Rosie O'Donnell and Judd Apatow among several stars to celebrate legal victory against Trump's Muslim ban by each promising to match up to $100,000 in donations to the ACLU What does the emergency stay of execution mean for detained travelers and what happens next? Female intruder snuck into GOP retreat using fake credentials saying she was a congressman's wife on the day of Trump's speech in embarrassing security breach Snack smugglers beware! Posh New York theater shames movie fans bringing in their own food and warns culprits they will be forced to eat in isolation  New York plans to install vast system of facial recognition cameras that matches drivers licenses to social media accounts at bridges and tunnels  FedEx delivery driver lauded as a hero after stopping protesters from lighting American flag on fire Distraught woman facing deportation to Chile attempts suicide at JFK Airport 24 hours before Trump's immigration ban Decapitated bodies of three police officers are found in southern Mexico in suspected cartel-related torture and slaying  Florida grandmother is arrested after she 'stabbed her daughter and murdered her son' while her two blood-stained grandchildren watched in horror 10 people injured in mass shooting during party at National Guard Armory building in Tennessee California Governor Jerry Brown to get further prostate cancer treatment starting in February but will maintain his full work schedule 'Let them eat cake': Ivanka Trump is criticized for posting glamorous picture of herself in $5,000 gown with Jared ahead of swanky dinner amid deportation row  Iran will retaliate against Trump's immigration ban by 'limiting visas to American tourists' - as Canadian PM Trudeau says they will take in anyone refused by the U.S.  Chaos at JFK: Protesters descend on airport after 12 travelers are held overnight in confusion at Trump immigration ban - with only two released 'We are equals': Trump and Putin vow to maintain 'regular personal contact' in their first call, discuss international terror and peace in the Middle East - but avoid talking about U.S. sanctions against Russia Trump gives Pentagon 30 days to come up with ISIS strategy as he restructures National Security Council to give Steve Bannon a regular seat  Could an Oscar-nominated Iranian be stopped from attending awards? Director up for best foreign film may be turned around at the border under Trump's executive order  NBA calls for Trump to clarify his immigration ban as players including Sudanese-born Luol Deng and Thon Maker face travel problems British Olympic gold medal winner Mo Farah faces being BANNED from returning to his family in America under Trump's immigration crackdown on people from his Somali homeland 'We wouldn't exist without immigration': Apple CEO Tim Cook slams Trump's executive order as Mark Zuckerberg and Google lead the outcry from Silicon Valley 'Trump is right!' Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu hails the president's border plans because the wall separating them from Egypt is a 'great success' Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans killed by Islamic jihadist immigrants Previous Next 'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game By Kelby Vera At Dailymail.com Published: 21:06 EST, 14 January 2017 | Updated: 22:28 EST, 14 January 2017 e-mail 38 shares 38 View comments Tom Brady may be a four time Super Bowl winner but even the sport's star needs a little pregame encouragement from loved ones. The 39-year-old quarterback got a good luck kiss from his darling daughter before the New England Patriot's Saturday game. Tom took to his brand new Instagram account to share the dapper pic of him puckering up for four-year-old Vivian. Good luck charm! Tom Brady got a sweet sendoff before his Saturday game, sharing a shot of him getting a kiss from his four-year-old daughter on Instagram Tom looked handsome in his pregame attire, wearing a long jacket over a ribbed turtleneck sweater.  The husband of supermodel Giselle Bundchen sported a striking watch as he carried the couple's little lady luck. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Don't forget to floss! Tom Brady brushes his teeth like a... Tom Brady does cringeworthy impression of 'The Rock' in an... Share this article Share Little Vivian looked cute as can be in a pair of heart covered sweats and My Little Pony slippers while smooching her dad. Fan club! You can see number 12 hanging out with his daughter Vivian and son Benjamin on mama Giselle's Instagram back in December Today's game against the Houston Texans is crucial for Brady and his team, as the winner will determine what teams face off in the American Football League finals. The NFL veteran hopes to lead his team to victory for the fifth time this year. Even if the star doesn't lead his Patriots to Superbowl LI, he'll make an appearance in one of the game's most high profile commercials. Rise and shine! Even if Tom doesn't make the Super Bowl, his up close and personal Intel commercial will be airing during the game In the Intel commercial that debuted last week, Tom shows off his morning routine captured by 360-degree technology. Intel's innovative camera will stream live during Fox Sports' broadcast of the Super Bowl, marking the first time a product advertised during the Super Bowl will also be a part of the production of the game. Super Bowl LI will take place February 5 at NRG Stadium in Houston, Texas. Share or comment on this article e-mail 38 shares Most watched News videos Serena Williams awkwardly neglects her fiancé after Aus Open win Many Clouds dies after beating Thistlecrack in the Cotswold Chase 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Incredible moment truck crashes through middle of bus Grandma accused of killing son-in-law celebrated during testimony Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border George and Laura Bush welcome the Obamas to the White House 2009 Harriet was rescued from a South Korean meat farm Look what the cat dragged 'OUT'! Cute cat learns to open drawers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps Huge tiger roams the streets after escaping circus in Italy Comments (38) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURED: Robin Thicke seen for first time after pulling out from events honoring late father Alan amid bitter custody battle with ex Paula Patton  Back in her bikini! Kim Kardashian shows off her stunning figure as she sunbathes in tiny two piece in Costa Rica Relaxed at the pool with sister Khloe Angelina Jolie rocks black leather pants and boots with silky top as she takes twins Knox and Vivienne, 8, shopping in Malibu Actress looked stylish Daddy and me time! Blac Chyna shares sweet Snaps of Rob Kardashian kissing and cuddling their baby Dream Doting father Just like dad! King Cairo, four, shows off his new grill during Costa Rica vacation...while Tyga poses up a storm with girlfriend Kylie Jenner It's an 80's night! Candace Cameron Bure, New Kids on the Block and Martha Quinn look incredible at the iHeart80s concert in California Lindsay Lohan rebrands herself as she returns to Instagram after hiatus with posts about Syrian refugees She deleted all her posts and has started again Seriously glam! Lucy Hale flashes major skin in plunging silver dress at SAG nomination bash  The 27-year-old was not afraid to flaunt her ample assets  She's got great jeans! Jessica Biel keeps it casual in ripped denim while leaving her restaurant Au Fudge with son Silas in West Hollywood  The doctor is in! Kristen Stewart poses with Peanuts character Lucy for breast cancer benefit at Knott's Berry Farm Ivanka Trump is criticized for posting glamorous picture of herself in $5k gown with husband Jared ahead of swanky dinner amid deportation row  Paula Patton steps out with son Julian in Los Angeles... amid ongoing custody battle with Robin Thicke She recently took out a  restraining order on him Move aside boys! Martha Hunt shows off her incredible body as she takes over historic Muscle Beach for a sizzling photoshoot Stunning figure  Legs eleven...out of Ocean's Eight! Sandra Bullock, 52, stuns in thigh-skimming sheer mini-dress on set in New York City She's still got it Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans killed by Islamic immigrants  La La Land executive producer John Legend slams Trump's 'Muslim ban'... as musical wins best film of the year at Producers Guild Of America Awards Game Of Thrones' Maisie Williams showcases her svelte figure in black mini dress at SAG nominees event Flawless figure Who wears the cool crown? They're both gorgeous, glamorous and adored by royal brothers, but how does Kate measure up against Meghan? Who brought the Eggos? Cast of Netflix's Stranger Things get together in LA ahead of Sunday's SAG Awards The young cast mixed with Hollywood's adults Curves ahead! Kylie Jenner shows off her cleavage and flat stomach in eye-catching swimwear during family holiday in Costa Rica Incredible body Man of many talents! Super Bowl-bound Tom Brady wishes fans Happy Chinese New Year in Mandarin before being photobombed by daughter Vivian, 4 Sia, Rosie O'Donnell and Judd Apatow celebrate legal victory against Trump's Muslim ban by each promising to match up to $100,000 in donations to the ACLU Sheer dazzling! Nicole Kidman stuns in an embellished gown at the Producers Guild Awards with husband Keith Urban Stunned on red carpet 'He goes full throttle the whole way': John Wick featurette reveals how Keanu Reeves trained in 'gun fu' to become a deadly assassin Kerry Washington shows off her incredible post-baby body in a semi-sheer dress as she hits the Producers Guild Awards red carpet Recently gave birth  His leading lady! John Legend plants kiss on Chrissy Teigen as couple make arrival to Producers Guild Awards Couple are not afraid to show their affection  She's got some front! Thandie Newton wows in plunging dress as she supports Westworld at the Producers Guild Of America Awards Turned heads  No Hidden Figures here! Taraji P Henson and Janelle Monae turn heads in delightful dresses at PGA Awards They both starred in the Oscar nominated hit  Yummy mummy alert! Teresa Palmer reveals her svelte post-baby body in a dramatic beaded gown as she attends the Producers Guild Awards 'Just unbearable!': Amy Duggar confirms she used to play outside as a child to avoid her parents' fights during emotional Marriage Bootcamp She's funny too! Emma Stone does her best Ryan Gosling impression as she promotes awards favorite La La Land From musical to comedy The hardest-working top in the world! Kim Kardashian nearly spills out of cropped tank that shows off cleavage AND abs during Costa Rica dinner Showing Scott (and Justin) what they're missing! Kourtney Kardashian stuns in black bra top with silky slacks as she dines with her sisters She didn't get the memo! Khloe Kardashian covers up in maroon top and jeans as her sisters model bra tops in Costa Rica Kept her head down Kim Kardashian's jewels seized in the Paris heist 'have been MELTED and the only piece left is her £3.5m engagement ring, gang boss tells police' Lily Collins dazzles in backless emerald green gown with crossover bodice at Producers Guild Awards Flaunted her enviably slim frame  'I was numb to all the bulls***': Rihanna reveals past struggles while recording her Anti album on year anniversary Speaking her mind  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The orphaned Malawi twins Madonna 'wants to make her own' and how their adopted mother would be horrified Back in black!: Olivia Newton-John, 68, looks radiant walking through LAX as she arrives from her Ireland and UK tour Has been promoting her new album Erin Andrews looks healthy out and about in West Hollywood... after revealing secret surgery for cervical cancer last autumn Spotted on a stroll  Dapper Justin Timberlake dons designer black suit for Variety brunch celebrating Oscar nominees Looking smart Looking good for her lady! Stella Maxwell flashes her amazing abs for spa outing with 'girlfriend' Kristen Stewart Loved-up pair  That's got to hurt! Justin Bieber gets slammed against glass exterior during NHL All-Star Celebrity Shootout by Chris Pronger 'I gained 40 pounds': Katherine Heigl reveals her 'terror' as she packed on the pounds during her pregnancy with newborn son Joshua Australian The Bachelor's Megan Marx flaunts toned physique in TINY black bikini beachside as she enjoys her new island life with girlfriend Tiffany  Twice as nice! Bella Thorne shares two topless photos after showing off new piercing in tight pink top She has has taken off her clothes again The baby is here! Law & Order: Criminal Intent star Saffron Burrows, 44, welcomes daughter Daisy with her wife Alison Also parents to a son Kal Penn starts a fund-raising page for Syrian refugees in the name of a Twitter user who said he doesn't belong in this country Quite the response Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown set to appear in her first movie Godzilla: King Of Monsters She is expanding her career with a new role It's only been six months! Kim Kardashian's ex Ray J renews wedding vows with Princess Love in Europe Only recently got hitched Walking Dead star Steven Yeun enjoys a sunlit day out with his pregnant wife Joana Pak Pair tied the knot a month ago Ruff day? Downcast Rooney Mara steps out in all black with her pup following two successful Sundance premieres Just returned from Utah Could an Oscar-nominated Iranian be stopped from attending awards? Director up for best foreign film may be turned around at the border Her sexiest selfie yet! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample bosom in teeny designer string bikini on family vacay in Costa Rica Showcased her curves Charlotte McKinney puts on a leggy display in metallic bodycon dress... after revealing she was called a 's**t' growing up due to her ample chest Newlywed Luann De Lesseps looks radiant as she dances with RHONY castmates at a fundraiser after romantic honeymoon in the Bahamas  All bundled up: Lea Michele looks like she can barely breathe as she wraps scarf tightly around her neck during NYC outing with a pal Staying warm  Sofia Vergara flaunts her fabulous figure in ripped jeans and a slinky poloneck as she enjoys date night with husband Joe Manganiello Hollywood couple Supermodel Karlie Kloss to lead the runway at the David Jones Autumn/Winter show... as she models the latest collection of moody florals Natalie Portman pays tribute to her Jackie co-star Sir John Hurt after he dies at age 77 'I'm so extremely sad to hear of John's passing,' she said Harry Potter's John Hurt married four times but his friends say it was the tragic death of the lover he DIDN'T wed that drove him to drunken torment  New Fifty Shades Darker clip shows extended date night between Anastasia Steele and Christian Grey that gets steamy in elevator 'I don't sit at home and obsess': Jon Hamm says he doesn't watch old episodes of Mad Men because that's 'weird' The 45-year-old actor,  played Don Draper 'Naked' Kate is on the verge of getting a gong at long last for service to the Royal Family after impressing the Queen with her work for mental health charities  Our dazzling sapphire Queen: The poignant significance of Her Majesty's favourite gem... as she celebrates 65 years on the throne  Historic milestone  He was named 'the man most likely to marry Jackie'... And now an Oscar-nominated film reveals how British Lord Harlech missed  capturing her heart  So that's why Ryan's such a La La lovely mover! How Hollywood's heart-throb inherited his musical talent... from a bugle-blowing Victorian war hero  Hailey Baldwin looks lovely in blue leather outfit as she graces her third Harper's Bazaar cover... this time for Turkey February 2017 issue Suddenly shy! Bella Hadid hides behind a scarf and baseball cap in NYC after showing off her chest in see-through dress in Paris Sporty attire Victoria's Secret Model Kelly Gale shows off her INCREDIBLY toned abs and impressive cleavage as she continues her luxury Bali vacation  Teeny bikini! Kelly Bensimon, 48, enjoys a lemon-soaked drink as she splashes around in Miami wearing a body-baring swimsuit Fun in the sun 'I thought I'd get in trouble!': Kendall Jenner confesses she was scared of telling her parents about her boyfriends when she was a teenager Not just a pretty face! Victoria's Secret model Karlie Kloss is learning COMPUTER CODING and is launching a Kode with Klossy scholarship for women 'We know each other better than anyone': David Beckham reveals he and Victoria have worked through 'tough times' as he gushes about their marriage  'She's at it again!': Pia Miller flaunts her incredible physique in red hot bikini at the beach after calling herself 'clumsy' and 'too daggy' Fans slams Vanity Fair for leaving out Asian and Latina actresses from Hollywood Issue (but they've come a long way from 'white-washed' 2010 cover)  EXCLUSIVE: 'I grew up with holes in my shoes!': Jennifer Lopez, 47, talks humble beginnings and how family 'grounds her' during difficult times Modest roots An incredible feet! David Beckham reveals his shoe collection rivals that of wife Victoria as he admits he owns 'thousands' of pairs of football boots 'She could win the whole show!' Will.i.am left embarrassed on British The Voice after failing to turn round for a contestant who co-wrote one of his hits Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle She wore blue lace! Game Of Thrones star Sophie Turner dazzles in see-through suit at Variety brunch The outfit left little to the imagination 'This is Chambers': Actor Armie Hammer reveals name of son as he shares tender photo of the newborn with his big sister Harper Super sweet siblings Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look Tickled pink! Taryn Manning giggles as she models flirty hair color at Variety brunch after revealing she has no plans to leave OITNB Pretty pink locks 'She didn't come?' The uncomfortable moment Venus Williams realises her sister Isha didn't come to her Australian Open showdown with Serena Move over, Arnold! Adriana Lima shows off toned abs at Muscle Beach in Venice for Victoria's Secret shoot Shooting an athletic wear campaign She must be hot! Kim Kardashian wears very low-cut tank top as she uses Snapchat filters while playing with North and Saint in Costa Rica Snapchat session Oscar-nominated Emmanuelle Riva of the film Amour dies in Paris at the age of 89 after long illness French star of screen and stage  Purple patch! Katie Piper shows off new LILAC hairstyle as she celebrates success of her latest book with husband Richard  Wowed with her color Robin Thicke pulled out of LA gala tribute for his late father Alan Thicke as custody battle with ex Paula Patton takes nasty turn Nowhere to be seen Date night! Model Chanel Iman shows off her toned tummy as she joins beau Sterling Shepard for dinner at LA hotspot Victoria's Secret Angel 'It's a very brave, bold and challenging story we're attempting': Andrew Lincoln defends brutal violence in season seven of The Walking Dead But where's Jen? Aniston's husband Justin Theroux steps out in all black as he bumps into House Of Cards star Elizabeth Marvel in NYC At last... a statue that will let the boys gaze at Diana every day: William and Harry reveal plans for a new memorial to the 'people's princess' 20 years after her death  Farewell to a Hollywood legend: Sir John Hurt, who starred in The Elephant Man and Harry Potter, dies aged 77 after a battle with cancer  From Hollywood bad boy to national treasure: The notorious hell-raiser who drank up to seven bottles of wine a NIGHT after watching his fiancée die Murder of Righteous Brothers singer's ex-wife SOLVED: DNA test finds killer 40 years after woman was raped and strangled with her pantyhose Staying busy! Heartbroken Celine Dion squeezes in Bee Gees show as she continues Vegas concert one year after husband's death Lost him to cancer Looking ace! Karlie Kloss works nautical chic in a plunging vest and striped skirt at tennis match in Australia Sought after supermodel Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence layers up in oversized shearling coat as she enjoys a rare evening off from filming new flick in Hungary Filming new spy thriller Barbara Hale, who played the loyal secretary opposite Raymond Burr on long-running crime TV show Perry Mason, dies at age 94 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand Trouble for the Today show? Rumors swirl that Megyn Kelly is 'being groomed to take Savannah Guthrie's anchor position' as NBC revamps morning show 'Oh the horror!': Dame Joan Collins on the nightmarish scene at her home after a leak in a neighbour's flat led to a ceiling caving in  Nightmarish image  Goodbye my lover! Cate Blanchett blows a kiss to husband Andrew Upton in adorable PDA as he heads to the airport leaving her alone in New York Justin Bieber steps out solo in quirky lensless glasses and ripped jeans... as the romance between his ex Selena Gomez and The Weeknd heats up Leonardo DiCaprio goes incognito in bucket hat and dark shades as he plays the tourist while T-shirt shopping in Rwanda Discreet appearance Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Incest, cannibalism, and parties for duck hunters & prostitutes dressed as ducks... Tom Hardy's drama wanted to challenge convention It was controversial The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world' 'Nobody knows when': Louis Tomlinson hints at One Direction reunion... as he moves on from split with girlfriend Danielle Campbell Exciting news for fans Serena and Venus Williams share a tender moment after little sister beat her older sibling to win the Australian Open - before declaring 'she is my inspiration'  Princess Eugenie keeps a low profile in sombre ensemble as she steps out for dinner at celebrity hotspot Chiltern Firehouse in London Serena's final passing shot! Awkward moment triumphant Williams appears to IGNORE fiance as she hugs Karlie Kloss after winning Australian Open Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel The 35-year-old was a showstopper Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event In LA Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles Sophisticated black frock Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Showed off her long legs in the black number Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA She remains a stunning style icon Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Turning heads Leighton Meester teases a hint of cleavage in plunging embellished black dress as she poses up a storm at Harper's Bazaar bash Looked chic in black A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Pregnant star Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Her outfit hugged her bulging baby bump Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party She cut a professional chic figure 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Event took place at the Sunset Tower Hotel 'Not my president!' Karrueche Tran sizzles in oversized sweater and thigh-high boots as she sends a clear anti-Trump message during night out Should Jess be worried? Ruby Rose trades in Vin Diesel for new co-star as she enjoys friendship with Pitch Perfect 3 band-mate Andy Allo 'Hottest runway ever': Victoria's Secret models Bridget Malcolm and Karlie Kloss to headline David Jones show with Jesinta Franklin and Jess Gomes Judy Garland superfan spent $15K on the crypt next to hers, but his dreams of spending eternity with starlet are dashed now that her body has been moved She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA She also rocked a motorcycle jacket with a pink furry collar Putting the dance in Sundance! Toni Collette and her 'Fun Mom Dinner' co-stars let their hair down as they party into the night following premiere 'Blow me away': Chloe Lattanzi's face is covered but she still flaunts her VERY ample cleavage as she snaps a selfie during Portland wind storm 'He is making me feel good things': Fans go wild as new Beauty & The Beast posters give a first glimpse of Girl On The Train hunk Luke Evans as Gaston  Prince Charles dismayed the public has become overly 'obsessed' with Brexit to the detriment of other world issues Expressed his concerns Rylan Clark Neal and Speidi FINALLY bury the hatchet following their Celebrity Big Brother eviction... and even declare each other 'friends' Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles King of Pop's daughter stepped out in LA Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration She dazzled Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The two starlets were an arresting sight in red 'Two special girls'! Marla Maples shares pointed throwback snap of herself with Ivanka and Tiffany Trump as girls - after Ivanka said she and her stepmother weren't close Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Donned a two-piece black pantsuit Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Shopping in Beverly Hills at Saks Fifth Avenue Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills The reality star wore tiny black shorts  Paul McCartney's ex Heather Mills, 49, shows off her figure in a plunging mermaid maxi as she throws some shapes during night out in Austria Schuyler Sisters of the hit Broadway musical Hamilton will sing America the Beautiful at Super Bowl 51 In Houston, Texas, on February 5 All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Support system! Paul Rudd joins screenwriter wife Julie at Sundance premiere of their new film Fun Mom Dinner Posed at its world premiere  Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Former Victoria's Secret Angel  David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Brokeback Mountain star Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA The 26-year-old Twilight star  Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store Spotted in Beverly Hills, California  'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film A series of 'moving poster' videos A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala The event was at the Microsoft Theater at L.A.  Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds It's been a sad few weeks for the Fisher family PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion New line-up is revealed for the show 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her youthful complexion and famous cleavage in party dress at Paris bash Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  As the Queen opens her secret archive for the first time ROBERT HARDMAN is given exclusive access to astonishing revelations about the real George III EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  They have hired a team of gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return     DON'T MISS Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less Today's headlines Most Read Trump's immigration ban derailed: Federal court grants emergency stay temporarily HALTING deportation of... Uber CEO Travis Kalanick pledges to compensate 'thousands of its drivers' affected by the immigration ban... Sia, Rosie O'Donnell and Judd Apatow celebrate legal victory against Trump's Muslim ban by each promising to... What does the emergency stay of execution mean for detained travelers and what happens next? Female intruder snuck into GOP retreat using fake credentials saying she was a congressman's wife on the day... Snack smugglers beware! Posh New York theater shames movie fans bringing in their own food and warns... New York plans to install vast system of facial recognition cameras that matches drivers licenses to social... FedEx delivery driver lauded as a hero after stopping protesters from lighting American flags on fire Distraught woman facing deportation to Chile attempts suicide at JFK Airport 24 hours before Trump's... Decapitated bodies of three police officers are found in southern Mexico in suspected cartel-related torture... 'Granny just killed momma': Florida grandmother is arrested after she 'stabbed daughter and murdered son'... 10 people injured in mass shooting during party at National Guard Armory building in Tennessee California Governor Jerry Brown to get further prostate cancer treatment starting in February but will... 'Let them eat cake': Ivanka Trump is criticized for posting glamorous picture of herself in $5k gown with... Iran will retaliate against Trump's immigration ban by 'limiting visas to American tourists' - as Canadian... Chaos at JFK: Protesters descend on airport after 12 travelers are held overnight in confusion at Trump... 'We are equals': Trump and Putin vow to maintain 'regular personal contact' in their first call, discuss... Trump gives Pentagon 30 days to come up with ISIS strategy as he restructures National Security Council to... Could an Oscar-nominated Iranian be stopped from attending awards? Director up for best foreign film may be... NBA calls for Trump to clarify his immigration ban as players including Sudan-born Luol Deng and Thon Maker... Sir Mo Farah faces being BANNED from returning to his family in America under Donald Trump’s immigration... 'We wouldn't exist without immigration': Apple CEO Tim Cook slams Trump's executive order as Mark Zuckerberg... 'Trump is right!' Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu hails the president's border plans because the wall... Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans... Texas mosque is destroyed in blaze hours after Donald Trump signs executive order banning immigration from... Trump's efforts to 'drain the swamp' see him ban administration officials from lobbying the US on behalf of... Actor Kal Penn starts a fund-raising page for Syrian refugees in the name of a Twitter user who said he... The obscure truth about THAT picture: Theresa May had to take hold of Donald Trump's hand because 'the US... Trump beats Obama's executive action first week record: President who criticized his predecessor for... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Syria's Suffering Families San Bernardino Shooting TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Inspiring America Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement News U.S. news World Investigations Crime & Courts Asian America Latino NBCBLK News Jan 13 2017, 7:16 pm ET Senate Intelligence Committee to Probe Russian Intel Activities by Phil Helsel Share Share Tweet Share Comment Email Print advertisement Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed Trump is Not a Legitimate President: Civil Rights Icon Rep. John Lewis 2:01 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/854644291867" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> The Senate Select Committee on Intelligence said it will conduct a bipartisan inquiry into possible Russian intelligence agencies' involvement in the U.S. election, and the probe's scope includes interviewing officials in the Obama and Trump administrations. "We believe that it is critical to have a full understanding of the scope of Russian intelligence activities impacting the United States," committee chairman Sen. Richard Burr and vice chairman Sen. Mark Warner said in a statement. Sen. Mark R. Warner, Vice Chair of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, and Sen. Richard Burr, Chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, speak during the Senate Intelligence Committee on Capitol Hill on Jan. 10 in Washington, D.C. Joe Raedle / Getty Images The inquiry will include "any intelligence regarding links between Russia and individuals associated with political campaigns," the committee said. The Senate committee plans to "interview senior officials of both the outgoing and incoming administrations including the issuance of subpoenas if necessary to compel testimony." The probe comes after U.S. intelligence agencies concluded that the Russian government was likely involved in a covert campaign to interfere in the U.S. election and carry out cyber-attacks on Democratic Party organizations. Related: White House Says It Didn't Coordinate Flynn Call to Russian Ambassador The statement by Burr, a Republican, and Warner, a Democrat, said "the committee will follow the intelligence wherever it leads." Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed David Ignatius on Russia's Shadow over Trump Presidency 6:55 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/854577219540" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> President-elect Donald Trump had cast doubt on U.S. intelligence assessments that Russia was involved, but on Wednesday he said at a press conference, "As far as hacking, I think it's Russia." Russia has denied any involvement. Related: FBI Comey's Told Trump About Russia Dossier After Intel Briefing The allegations of Russian attempts to interfere in the U.S. presidential election has caused some opponents to doubt the legitimacy of Trump's impending presidency, while Trump and other Republicans have repeated that any Russian campaign did not affect the outcome. On Friday Democratic Rep. John Lewis, a civil rights leader, told NBC's "Meet the Press" that "I don't see this president-elect as a legitimate president," citing the alleged Russian campaign. Phil Helsel Twitter Email Topics U.S. news, Politics News First Published Jan 13 2017, 7:15 pm ET Next Story Chicago Police Department Goes High-Tech to Fight Rise in Killings advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out12:05 GMT +329 January 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Who is Really Behind Unverified 'Trump Dossier'? © Fotolia/ Serkat Photography Politics 21:47 14.01.2017(updated 22:14 14.01.2017) Get short URL 235310532 While the US intelligence community and the British government signal they have nothing to do with the unverified report on Donald Trump's alleged ties with Russia, a former British intelligence agent believed to be behind the so-called "Trump dossier" has gone underground. So who is Christopher David Steele? A former British intelligence operative who is believed to be behind the highly controversial and unverified "Trump dossier" has vanished without a trace from his home in Surrey. It's hardly surprising given the fact that Christopher David Steele has become the name on everyone's lips after being unmasked by the Wall Street Journal. "Christopher Steele, 52, fled from his home in Surrey on Wednesday morning after realizing it was only a matter of time until his name became public knowledge," The Telegraph reported Thursday, adding that the former spy was "terrified for his safety." So, who is Christopher David Steele? © Flickr/ Gage Skidmore Claims That Russia Tried to 'Recruit' Trump 'Nonsense' - Russian Foreign MinistryAccording to reports, Steele, a former British MI6 agent, is also the co-founder of a London-based investigative firm, Orbis Business Intelligence, Ltd. Citing people familiar with Steele's activities Mark Hosenball of Reuters noted that Orbis Business Intelligence was hired by England's Football Association (FA) to investigate FIFA. Reportedly, the US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) met Steele before opening a major investigation into alleged soccer corruption. Hosenball noted that during the presidential campaign the former British operative was initially hired by FusionGPS, a US-based political research firm, to investigate Trump on behalf of his Republican rivals. "Steele was kept on assignment by FusionGPS after Trump won the nomination and his information was circulated to Democratic Party figures and members of the media," he noted. © AP Photo/ Ric Feld,File Trump to CNN: 'You Are Fake News'According to the journalist, Steele's dealing with the FBI on Trump began in July 2016; however, "people familiar with the inquiries" said that Steele soon grew frustrated with the "slow progress" of the investigation and stopped working with the agency. Eventually, the report found its way to US mainstream media sources. Richard Behar, the Contributing Editor of Investigations for Forbes magazine, shed some light on Steele's past. Citing a diplomatic service list published by the British government the journalist wrote that Steele was posted to the UK's Moscow embassy in 1990 with the title of "Second Secretary (Chancery)." "It's unclear how long he remained in that position, but he subsequently served as a 'First Secretary' with the UK's Foreign & Commonwealth Office in 2003, as well as 'First Secretary (Financial)' at the UK's Paris embassy in 1998," Behar remarked. © REUTERS/ Lucas Jackson 'Tremendous Blot on Their Record' - Trump Slams Intel Community for Endorsing Fake ReportThe journalist highlighted that in 2010 Steele was one of four British intelligence officers to be invited to "a black tie gala dinner in central London" to celebrate the 100th anniversary of MI6. According to the Daily Mail, Steele's name first appeared on a list of MI6 agents back in 1999. Reportedly, the list was published online by former British spy Richard Tomlinson. The US mainstream media started to circulate parts of Steele's controversial dossier on Tuesday. The document in question contained unverified and even bizarre information about US President-elect Donald Trump's alleged ties with the Russian intelligence. However, the allegations were immediately dismissed by the US President-elect as nonsensical and "fake." "I win an election easily, a great "movement" is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state!" Trump tweeted. I win an election easily, a great "movement" is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 11, 2017 ​Interestingly enough, after the US mainstream media called "an ex-MI6 agent" a source of the controversial report, the UK government issued a so-called D-Notice to British media, asking them not to print the operative's name, the Register tweeted Wednesday. "In view of media stories alleging that a former SIS officer was the source of the information which allegedly compromises President-elect Donald Trump, would you and your journalists please seek my advice before making public that name," the document said as quoted by the Register. Still, both US intelligence community and the UK government refused to have anything to do with either the "dirty dossier" or its alleged author. "I emphasized that this document is not a US Intelligence Community product and that I do not believe the leaks came from within the IC," US Director of National Intelligence James Clapper stated just before the Wall Street Journal unmasked the former British spy. For her part, UK Prime Minister Theresa May told a press conference Friday that it was "clear" that Christopher Steele "hasn't worked for the UK Government for years." "Intelligence insiders now claim the Trump dossier is a 'complete fraud'," Trump tweeted Saturday. INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS "A COMPLETE FRAUD!" @OANN — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 14, 2017 ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 532 Related: May: UK Intel Officer Behind Trump 'Dossier' Has Not Worked for Gov't for Years Kremlin Unfamiliar With Alleged UK Author of Trump 'Dossier' US Media Reports on Russia Having Dossier on Trump Outrageous, Fake CNN, BuzzFeed Publish ‘Golden Shower’ Rumors, Other Media Outlets Mock Them Trump Respects Putin's Gesture for Affirming CNN-BuzzFeed Report is Hoax Tags: spy, intelligence, 2016 US Presidential election, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), MI6, FIFA, Christopher Steele, Donald Trump, Europe, United States, Russia, United Kingdom TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply JOHN CHUCKMAN 21:57 14.01.2017 | 2 | Edit | Delete Here is my take on this: EXPANSION OF A COMMENT TO AN ARTICLE BY KIM SENGUPTA IN THE INDEPENDENT This story of Christopher Steele and his dossier on Trump and Russia is as phony as it gets. Steele, an ex-MI-6 officer now working as a private consultant, was commissioned for a large fee (said to have been £130,000) from a Republican opponent of Trump to dig some dirt out on Trump. My guess would be the extremely sleazy Ted Cruz who had more campaign funds than he knew what to do with. After Trump won the nomination, payments were continued by a Democratic source. Gee, I wonder who? Perhaps a dishonest candidate who won the Democratic nomination with dirty tricks, who also had more campaign funds than could be used sensibly, and who proceeded to spend $1.2 billion on a failed campaign? After Trump’s election, Mr. Steele is said to have continued his work for free because he “was so concerned.” Have you ever heard of such wealth-connected operators working for nothing? Out of concern? It’s the equivalent of a top corporate lawyer claiming he worked away on a brief out of pure concern. It just does not happen. It is preposterous. The public can be so gullible about such matters simply because most of people are honest, and security service people, including former ones earning big livings on commissions from sleazy politicians, are anything but. Many of them are even borderline psychopaths who enjoy throwing monkey wrenches into things, especially when they are paid handsomely for doing so. Steele’s information supposedly came from “solid gold” contacts in Russia, but please remember that the politics of any large country includes wealthy or influential enemies of its current government. Would it be hard to find such people in America if you were inquiring about the Clintons or Obama? It would not. Such a statement about sources tells us precisely nothing, and we have no supporting evidence at all for this silly dossier just as we had no evidence for claims of Russia’s hacking the DNC. Steele is said to have given information to MI6 and to have cut his communication with the FBI, to whom he had earlier supplied it, out of frustration with their inaction sometime before the election. Finally, he is said to have turned to the press, to the American magazine, Mother Jones. For those who don’t know, Mother Jones is a kind of slushily-progressive publication in part supported by a foundation. It is almost certainly one of many publications secretly subsidized by CIA. Virtually any liberal or progressive publication in the United States since the Cold War has been secretly subsidized by them. Such support arrangements are not even always even known to a magazine’s management. CIA used to secretly finance many progressive publications in the US, such as the old Saturday Review of Literature. It gathered information from them and used them for planting stories. Other publications, such as those of the former Time-Life, were associated secretly to CIA through family ownership connections, in that case, Henry Luce. It was no accident when Time-Life immediately bought the Zapruder film of Kennedy’s assassination in 1963, and it was kept out of the public domain for years with suggestions, when it finally did surface, of expert editing. So, we come around full circle back to the CIA associated with some of the original phony stuff about Trump, undoubtedly manufactured under Obama’s direction. This is what they do. They did it for the First Gulf War. They did it for the invasion of Iraq. They did it for the horrors in Syria. More than half a century later, they still are lying about the assassination of a president, as well as a host of other matters. Please remember that much of what security services, such as MI6 or CIA, do is foment trouble for others, manufacture documents, and create deliberate confusion and dark operations. They are not harmless information collection agencies. Steele is not some honest information broker handing over his findings a bit late. That is a completely disingenuous, and an unquestionably contrived, description of what has happened with this dossier. The description plays to the publicity-created image much of the public have of security services like MI6 or CIA being honest public servants. They are not. They have never been. They were not created to be. The reality is something far closer to a dirty trickster doing what dirty tricksters do, and for big pay. Why else has Steele run away into the night? Reply Austrian Schoolin reply toJOHN CHUCKMAN(Show commentHide comment) 22:19 14.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete JOHN CHUCKMAN, Why did the story collapse immediately? Reply jas 22:50 14.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete I notice the article didn't reveal that Fusion GPS was founded by 3 "former" Wall Street Journal reporters. www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4114546/Meet-espionage-firm-ordered-Trump-dirty-dossier-secretive-D Reply marcanhalt 22:57 14.01.2017 | -1 | Edit | Delete A good place to start to find him, will be the 'safe houses' in the Whitechapel area in London. You know, the places they say that Jack the Ripper hung out. And, who knows, they could be related. Only a guy who would come up with this kind of report would be hanging out with such sleeze. If not there, then check the Queen's closet. Reply jas 00:10 15.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4114716/Extraordinary-details-ordinary-citizen-John-McCain-actually Wow. Looks like the DNC had planned to dump this story right before the election and not admit the LIE until the election was stolen. That's why they are so mad at the FBI, because it did not play along. Reply support 00:13 15.01.2017 | 2 | Edit | Delete When someone asks me "What do you think is behind all this 'intelligence dossier' and 'Anti-Russian' rubbish going around ?" I tell them that Americans were not born yesterday and we have been around th eblock a few times. This is just both th emedia and the political takeover artists taking command from the Old Guard of neocons trying the US public on for size just to see if they can intimidate and bully the USA into going along with yet another f*cked-up war with complete strangers over something really stupid like remote oil assets, or worse, for no other reason than to keep the American public in line. I think also that it is obvious that sectors of the US upper middle class are desperate to get that old Let's go out and diss some ancient Viet Nam old-fart veterans" or "Let's close a facotry or two so that we can gentrify the present occupants' homes after they are forced to leave because there is no work anymore." None of this BS is about Russia at all, it is about the leadership class no longer being able to lead because they are too stupid, they have no moral cred, they cannot keep a deal and their word is worthless on a global scale. As a "nobody" American citizen, I enjoy this state of being which is for the most part unexplored territory for the American burboid entitled hide-away folks, black, white, Asian whomever. There is no black or white privilege but you rparents can arrange things for you or you can get lucky but those days are gone now. Most Americans know that so there are several sectors who feel obliged to bully th emasses back into line. Guess what. It isn't working lol! There are tonnes of Websites called "Red Dawn Is Happening Now!" and "Russia Is Invading Next Week!" You have to larf it off as those are definitely mentally-challenged 60 year olds still living in mummy's basement playing with Barbie dolls for the sake of the sexual frisson and they are males, for the most part I think. This is the social dimension but th eother bit is a trifle more real: America is running out of money to borrow money against. If you have ever gone roommates with someone else--I have not for fifty years, thank you, but I did in my youth to my regret--and they get fired, it gets to be really tense when the rent comes due unless they have already found a new job. It is the same story in the USA now but for the entire country on almost all levels of social status, and perhaps in Europe though black marketeering and "quiet deals" have always been what has kept Europe together not governments. Things are getting hairy for a lot of regional social support systems to put it mildly. This is funny as I think Russia is doing better out of its "sanctioned" status than th eUSA is doing out of its "non-sanctioned" status. Finally I think for some reason the MSM and the gummint bozos want to know if,say, tomorrow, they decided on a lark that they wanted to have another war, would the US citizen on the street back it. The answer to that is a resounding "No." If the public larfs off this lying news fraud about mysterious connections between Russia and the President Elect they will not kit up and form lines at the enlistment centres just to get their arses shot off for the sake of other people's money. When it started to sink in around 1985 or so that anyone who served in th emilitary durin gthe Viet Nam era was going to be messed with their entire lives by other Americans as a sort of hobby or barroom sport, a group of us in Carleton, Pennsylvania, were passing around drinks and talking about what would be involved in staging a military coup in or invasion of the USA. As Carleton is where the Army War College is, it happened that an instructor who taught classes in "sand table staff work" and battle simulation overheard us. It was fun to listen to him hold forth on the levels of logistical support and manpower needed and weapons to be deployed to make and sustain a mlitary coup in the USA. It worked out to around 110 divisions of infantry, tens of thousands of aircraft, 60,000 or 70,000 tanks, etc. He had us laughing for hours. The old days are gone. A cold war can never be credibly mounted again much less a hot one, unless of course 100 divisions show up in Alaska or in California in which case we as Americans shall do our best for our country but not before. That is all that stupid pack of lies about Russian or maybe even Martian spies working in league with President Trump is about. The old days are gone, and thank God. BTW, Happy Orthodox New Year! Drink lots but please do not drive and drink. Reply michaelin reply tosupport(Show commentHide comment) 00:34 15.01.2017 | 1 | Edit | Delete support, as usual, a pleasure to read and reflect on your views! Happy Old New Year to you too and your family. :) Reply supportin reply tomichael(Show commentHide comment) 00:53 15.01.2017 | 1 | Edit | Delete michael, many thanks! And to you and yours as well! Reply Mychalin reply tomarcanhalt(Show commentHide comment) 03:33 15.01.2017 | 1 | Edit | Delete marcanhalt, Nah, she's got a drug empire to run! Reply Mychalin reply tosupport(Show commentHide comment) 03:36 15.01.2017 | 1 | Edit | Delete support, Hahahahahahaha! me laughing it off! Fake news! Idiots signed their own truth warrant! Hahahahahaha! Reply The Night Wind 03:45 15.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete I wonder if Steele even exists. The name sounds like something from 20th-Century American spy or detective novels. It's also possible that the real Steele is dead and that some operative has assumed his identity. That's been known to happen. Reply supportin reply toMychal(Show commentHide comment) 11:14 15.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Mychal, it was inevitable that eventually they would self-destruct. After all, the only objective which all genuine fascists have in mind is their own demise which they achieve through sexualizing their own fall from grace. In the West, why it was so important for almost 300 years for everyone to study in depth the books Paradise Lost and Dante's Inferno was to prevent their entire civilization from falling into that pit through the death march down the road of good intentions. This is the price they pay for trying to sail their Ship of State in the howling gale of Life without wearing their life vests. Reply David C 00:45 16.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Just follow the money - who paid the piper, they called the tune.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 11:33Trudeau Says US Side Confirmed Canadians Not to Be Affected by Trump's Entry Ban 11:04'Great Rebuilding' of US Armed Forces Reflects 'Distrust in NATO' 10:46Qantas Airline to Offer Refunds to Passengers Possibly Affected by US Entry Ban 10:41Free Trade Leader: China Poised to 'Fill the Vacuum' After US Kills Off TPP 10:07Over 150,000 Sign Petition Urging Fillon’s Wife to Repay Salary for Fake JobAll news Paging Men in Black: NASA Cuts Live Feed After Object Appears on ISS Camera 11336 Victoria 'F*ck the EU' Nuland Leaves Her Post at the US State Department 8920 Russian Attack Planes, Helicopters Return to Daesh-Held Palmyra to Retake City 8853 First-Rate MiG-35 Multirole Jetfighter to Join Russia's Fleet 7903 North Korean Defector: Kim Jong-Un Would Nuke LA if Threatened 6768All news US Fact-Checking Institute Sponsored by Soros on War Path Against 'Fake News' 38 Victoria 'F*ck the EU' Nuland Leaves Her Post at the US State Department 36 How Trump's Safe Zones May Help Syrian Armed Rebels to Catch a Second Wind 34 Think Tanks Stage Massive Computer Simulation of War With Russia in Warsaw 33 Trump’s State Department Freezes Obama’s $221 Million Payout to Palestinians 28All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Russia Unveils Its Cutting-Edge MiG-35 Multirole Fighter War Games Hostility Towards Russia in the Global Media News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe From the editor Keeping journalism alive begins with you. If you don't subscribe to The Seattle Times, we invite you to do so today. Jon Talton / Columnist Economic powerhouses squeeze shoppers, workers Originally published January 14, 2017 at 8:00 am Updated January 14, 2017 at 6:54 pm Cars exit the General Motors assembly plant in Villa de Reyes, outside San Luis Potosi, Mexico, earlier this month, where the Aveo and Trax vehicles have been produced since 2008. President-elect Donald Trump sent tweets this week threatening to impose heavy tariffs on GM and Toyota cars produced in Mexico for the U.S. market. (Rebecca Blackwell/AP) Big companies and cartels may have more to do with holding down wages and opportunities for working people than we realize. Welcome to the world of monopsony. Like monopoly, it’s bad for the economy. Share story Round up the usual suspects in the case of What Hurt the Working Class. In the presidential campaign, the biggest one was “free trade.” This included jobs moved to Mexico and cheap Chinese imports that destroyed factory jobs here. And to be sure, many American workers were hurt by the trade paradigm of the past 20-plus years. Others blame globalization more broadly, especially offshoring of jobs. Don’t forget technology. Automation has cost millions of jobs over the decades and the trend could accelerate dramatically. Something receiving less attention, however, is the rising concentration of industries and the domination of a few powerful corporations. Most Read Stories At Sea-Tac, Inslee and other officials denounce immigrant ban ‘train wreck’  VIEW Should California, Oregon and Washington join Canada? #Calexit talk envelops West Coast UW class on how to spot fake data goes viral within hours Judge blocks part of Trump’s immigration order Deputies shoot man as they look for suspect in fatal Sammamish car prowlUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. In 2014, Nobel laureate economist Paul Krugman wrote in his New York Times column that Amazon “has too much power, and it uses that power in ways that hurt America.” The context was the battle between the Seattle giant and the publisher Hachette over e-book prices. Krugman worried Amazon could abuse its book-selling power to get its way. The dispute with Hachette was ultimately settled and Amazon was accelerating its move into many more areas than books. But Krugman introduced many readers to a useful, if tongue-twisting, word that applies to the working-class dilemma: monopsony, where a large buyer controls or dominates a market. Both monopoly and monopsony can describe enormous corporations that throw their weight around to the detriment of others. But while monopolies can hurt customers by their power over pricing products, monopsonies affect the economy is a more subtle way. They are dominant buyers and have outsized power over what they buy and how much they are willing to pay. This gives such a company the power to drive down not only the prices it’s willing to pay for the goods and services of its suppliers and vendors, but also the wages of workers. The White House Council of Economic Advisers issued a report on the effects in October. Monopsony, the report concluded, “leads to redistribution from workers to employers.” It broadens the definition from companies with overwhelming influence in buying products to all giants that have gained wage-setting power in the marketplace. The clout also extends to employer collusion and anti-competitive noncompete agreements. We got a peek into this in 2010, when the Justice Department went after six big Silicon Valley firms that conspired not to “poach” one another’s talented employees. Four of them, including Apple, Google and Intel, eventually paid $415 million to settle the case. The conspiracy avoided the corporate burden of having to compete for nearby employees. For workers, it was a lousy deal. It’s also no doubt only one slice of a much larger problem. For example, earlier this year Comcast’s DreamWorks paid $50 million to resolve another claim over its “gentleman’s agreement” with other animation studios to suppress wages and not seek to hire each other’s employees. Sexy tech companies get attention. But based on the White House report and the work of other economists, the ability of large employers and cartels to hold down wages and opportunity is widespread. It is likely a big reason why labor’s share of national income has in recent years been at its lowest level since the measurement began in 1948. And it deserves more study for its contribution to the notable decline in Americans moving for a job — a sign of the dynamism that shows a healthy economy. When I started working full time more than 40(!) years ago, monopsonies didn’t exist in the American economy outside of professional sports and, in the theories of some economists, school districts. This was one more reason I found abundant opportunities and the ability to move up in my careers — something less available today. Going after monopolies was a simpler task in President Theodore Roosevelt’s day. What was most required was the political will to enforce the Sherman Act. This broke up the trusts and, after Roosevelt left office, alpha monopoly Standard Oil. The federal government broke up the old AT&T in 1982. It was less clear-cut in the antitrust action against Microsoft in the 1990s. The nerdiness of the case seemed obscure for many people at the time. Antitrust law had been watered down. The company wasn’t broken up. On the other hand, the Obama administration was willing to apply antitrust law more vigorously than many of its predecessors. Some big mergers, which would have increased industry concentration, cut jobs and held down wages, were stopped. This policy may see a reversal under the Trump administration. Going after monopsonies is tougher. They don’t typically jack up prices on consumers. Beyond obvious players such as Amazon and Wal-Mart, identifying monopsony participants can be murky. Is big a monopsony on its own? Is a cartel, such as the big-four airlines, a de facto monopsony? Some caution is in order. For example, Amazon unquestionably holds a monopsony in books and increasingly in other retail segments. In its other business lines, it faces tough competition. Also, in Seattle Amazon competes with Microsoft and other companies for the top software talent. On the other hand, in a city such as low-wage Phoenix where Amazon is a big employer with its distribution centers, it probably plays an outsized role in setting wages. As the White House report stated, more study is needed. And remedies, such as breaking up big companies and large-scale unionization, are even more unlikely in the new political environment. So, Seattle, take a look in the mirror. Amazon has been very, very good to this city. But what it and similar companies represent are not necessarily good for the economy or beneficial to working people. To Amazon’s credit, it at least hires a large workforce. Some monopsony players don’t even do that. You may reach Jon Talton atjtalton@seattletimes.com Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Cuba sees explosion in internet access as ties with US grow Previous Story Puerto Ricans could ease South Dakota dairy labor shortage Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Mobile advertising could be coming to your car’s windshield The future of connected cars could include safety, contextual and other information projected directly onto windshields. During this year's CES, Panasonic demonstrated technology that lets a driver order and pay for fast food through a head-up display in their vehicle before pulling off the road to collect it.  (Alex Wong / GETTY IMAGES)   By Alex WebbBloomberg Sat., Jan. 14, 2017 The next frontier in digital advertising may be your car’s windshield. The advent of connected cars is creating a new sales battleground, and using a vehicle’s windshield may be the next way to pitch more products and services to consumers. McKinsey & Co. estimates that mobile and data-driven services in vehicles will generate $1.5 trillion (U.S.) by 2030. At least part of that will be spent projecting information to drivers and passengers right before their eyes. “When you think of a person driving and what your needs are when you’re on a typical trip, it’s food, it’s fuel and it’s rest stops,” said John Butler, a Bloomberg analyst. “Owning the inside of the car is critical, it’s really where the money is made. The real value is locked up in the ad opportunity.” Here’s how a smart windshield may work: A driver who’s close to running out of gas would see an alert pop up that notes the fuel situation and offers to find a nearby gas station. The car’s virtual assistant offers a choice, again on the windshield, of two options, including directions to a station where the driver is eligible for a free cup of coffee — an ad placed by the gas company that fits with the driver’s buying patterns, also known by their smart car. Panasonic Corp. demonstrated technology at CES, the consumer electronics show in Las Vegas last week, that lets a driver order and pay for fast food through a head-up display before pulling off the road to collect it. Pairing such offerings with other connected subscription services could generate hundreds of dollars in additional recurring revenue per car each year, according to Tom Gebhardt, the head of Panasonic’s automotive business in North America. Article Continued Below “When you start doing payments out of the vehicle, you have to secure those payments somehow, so we’re matching the facial recognition with your credit card,” he said. “We’re really investing in an integrated solution, merging the infotainment system, the instrument cluster and the heads-up display.” Corning Inc. is starting to sell carmakers the glass used in Apple Inc.’s iPhones for windshields and in-car entertainment systems. The company said the durability and thinness of the glass means that any image projected onto it is sharper than onto a typical windshield. While the product is less than 25 centimetres wide, Corning is working to expand it to a full windshield-size display. “They could be here in less than two years,” Corning chief technology officer Jeff Evenson said in an interview Thursday. “We’re making the car much more active to set things up for these kinds of services.” Turning a car windshield into a billboard is part of broader efforts by automakers and tech companies to transform vehicles into connected devices. Multiple companies at CES this week have announced deals and partnerships that use software, digital voice technology and cloud computing to handle everything from automatically scheduling a maintenance appointment to ordering a takeout pizza while on the road. Automakers such as BMW AG, Hyundai Motor Co. and Toyota Motor Corp. already offer basic head-up displays near the windshield in some models that show information such as the vehicle’s speed. Google parent Alphabet Inc., through its Waze navigation app, suggests nearby restaurants and points of interest during your drive, as does TripAdvisor Inc. The next step is merging these two ideas: projecting points of interest onto your windshield. Eventually mapping and navigational data could be superimposed onto the road in front of the driver, much in the way that Google Street View currently displays information about an area on a static image. BMW, Volkswagen AG and Daimler AG acquired Nokia Oyj’s HERE mapping unit in 2015 to ensure they were no longer dependent on Google for maps. Intel Corp. announced Tuesday it had acquired a 15-per-cent stake in HERE. “This is exactly the sort of thing the high-end carmakers are promoting as part of their highly integrated, immersive ‘cockpit’ concepts,” said Richard York, an executive at chip designer ARM Holdings who is responsible for automotive sales. The question of how the technology is regulated remains open, given concerns about driver distraction. For now, suppliers are eager to promote head-up displays as safety tools. For example, the speed and location of vehicles in a car’s blind spot might be projected onto the windshield. “We’re going to bring the safety aspect of the vehicles” into the augmented-reality products, said Joseph Yoon, head of LG Electronics’ automotive research and development team. Boosters also say a windshield display is a safer alternative to drivers taking their eyes off the road to glance down and tap a dashboard infotainment system or check a smartphone. For many years, BMW, Volkswagen and Jaguar Land Rover Automotive worked with Munich-based startup Metaio GmbH to investigate possible applications for augmented-reality technology in cars, according to a source familiar with Metaio’s business. The main hurdle to superimposing an enhanced image for the driver was the “tracking problem” — establishing the direction of a driver’s gaze and adapting the image projected onto the windscreen accordingly, the person said. Metaio was acquired by Apple last year and ended its contracts with the carmakers. Panasonic’s Gebhardt said his company had mastered the technology and is seeking a customer willing to deploy it in a car. People usually understand information presented in an augmented-reality format more quickly than on paper or a smartphone, according to Sunny Webb, who leads Accenture’s research and development efforts in augmented and virtual reality. That makes AR an appealing medium through which to present location-based ads, as well as safety and contextual information to drivers. “Being able to overlay content in a windshield is a really interesting application,” she said. “There’s a lot of energy going into how to distribute content to passengers and drivers.” Meanwhile, Harman International Industries Inc., the in-car infotainment systems giant in the process of being acquired by Samsung Electronics Co., is moving into head-up displays. In December, it announced an investment in Navdy Inc., a San Francisco-based maker of a projection display that sits on the dashboard in front of the windshield and provides navigation guidance, car behaviour data and smartphone alerts. The two companies will start selling a jointly branded head-up display this year. Automotive supplier Magna International Inc. also is likely to unveil an augmented-reality product with a major German carmaker this year, according to a person familiar with the plan. Automakers also are considering the ability to push content such as video in front of passengers in addition to mapping or road services as a way to generate more revenue from each vehicle. “We want to have our direct customer relationship delivering premium services to them and being their direct contact,” Klaus Froehlich, BMW’s head of research and development, told reporters at CES. “That’s the clear goal for a premium car manufacturer.” Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com -1°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Petition launched to save McLaughlin Planetarium from demolition Citizens, cultural heritage groups urge U of T to save building where generations of Toronto school kids visited on school trips and home of laser light shows to the sound of classic rock music. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Panama Papers Dinner Party Canada 150 Peacekeeping Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Sunday World January 29th, 2017 Search Navigation Home News▾ Sections Courts Crime Desk Crime World Investigations Northern Ireland Columnists Latest News Man killed following collision between car and bus News Despair and confusion as Trump's travel ban comes into force Opinion Daragh Keany Opinion: A plea to all regarding Question 12 on tonight's Census Daragh Keany There's better places for Trump to build walls HOT STUFF Courts First pic of businessman charged in connection with huge gun raid Courts Nephew of ‘Hippo’ Ward died after drink and drugs binge LATEST STUFF Courts Family of Kingsize want victim's €2k pocket cash back from gardai Courts Man accused of unlawful Viagra possession at Dublin army barracks HOT STUFF Crime Desk Gardai launch appeal to find van driver after Dublin 'hit-and-run' Crime Desk Gardai seize huge cocaine haul in sting LATEST STUFF Crime Desk New generation of thugs set to take over as feud cripples gangs Crime Desk Convicted fraudster 'Fat Boy' found lying low in Finglas HOT STUFF Crime World Cops find €18.5m under a mattress in flat Crime World Man dies after shooting at Liverpool meat market LATEST STUFF Crime World England football thug jailed for pushing builder onto live Tube track Crime World Armed motorbike thieves attack homeowner with his own nunchucks HOT STUFF Investigations Mum denies shot son was 'gangland killer' Investigations Revealed: The Kinahan mob's top man inside Mountjoy LATEST STUFF Investigations Plush apartment complex residents horrified by sex beast next door Investigations Former IRA commander suspected of being at Stack meeting HOT STUFF Northern Ireland Three to appear in court on cannabis factory charges Northern Ireland Man found not guilty of threatening NI prosecutor Barra McGrory LATEST STUFF Northern Ireland Prosecutor hits out at critics over charges for former soldiers Northern Ireland 'High-velocity rifle' used in gun attack on policeman HOT STUFF Vogue Williams VOGUE: We need longer sentences for knife thugs Paddy Murray Paddy Murray gazes into a crystal ball for some wacky 2017 predictions LATEST STUFF Vogue Williams Brexit is striking terror into all us Irish in the UK Vogue Williams Vogue: CAO process puts too much pressure on Irish students Entertainment▾ Sections Trending TV Movies Music Games & Technology Food & Drink Cars Motorbikes Travel Latest Stuff Movies Jon Hamm's hologram fears Music George Ezra wrote new album in cabin Hot Stuff Trending Not Suitable For Work (NSFW): Here’s our top twenty topless celebs Cars GALLERY: The eleven most expensive cars for sale in Ireland right now HOT STUFF Trending Woman gets discount for seeing rat in US diner Trending Dogs love to chill to reggae LATEST STUFF Trending London restaurant releases drama series inspired menu Trending Spain's first naked cafe wants staff willing to bare all HOT STUFF TV The One Show's Alex Jones announces birth of baby boy TV Star quits Coronation Street after seven years LATEST STUFF TV Jaymi Hensley for Celebrity Big Brother? TV Cheryl Fergison wants EastEnders return HOT STUFF Movies Jon Hamm's hologram fears Movies Fatherhood helped Casey Affleck film Manchester By the Sea LATEST STUFF Movies Goldie Hawn in super-shape on Snatched Movies Millie Bobby Brown joins Godzilla 2 HOT STUFF Music Serge Pizzorno boasts new Kasabian album is best ever Music Celine Dion and more for CBS Bee Gees tribute concert LATEST STUFF Music George Ezra wrote new album in cabin Music Jonas Blue's desperate to meet Calvin Harris at BRITs HOT STUFF Games & Technology Yahoo say hackers may have stolen information from 1 Billion accounts Games & Technology Bloody brilliant news for Netflix users LATEST STUFF Games & Technology Tinder adds gender options other than male or female Games & Technology Pokemon gamer entered stranger's house during 'monster' hunt HOT STUFF Food & Drink Kevin Dundon delights with SuperValu Xmas menu Food & Drink First Toblerone, now Maltesers packets are getting smaller LATEST STUFF Pub Spy Pub Spy: Ballygally Castle Hotel, Co Antrim, is a top 'haunt' Pub Spy Pub Spy reveals his Top 10 pubs of 2016 HOT STUFF Cars Macho MX-5 RF is the perfect recipe Cars Volvo's all-new S90 is such a Swede ride LATEST STUFF Cars Mercedes leads the way in luxury with its GLC coupe Cars GALLERY: The eleven most expensive cars for sale in Ireland right now HOT STUFF BikeTorque Reviews Tricity is thrice as nice Motorbikes Beast from the East LATEST STUFF Motorbikes BMW rnineT Scrambler is bare thrills with no frills Motorbikes Rev-Up4DSI charity run a huge success and did Aidan proud Latest Stuff Travel There is no place like Rome when it comes to camping holidays Travel Feeling on top of the world during wonderful Kilimanjaro trip Hot Stuff Travel NUDE AWAKENING: Top 10 Naturist Resorts Al Fresco France French Cuisine: Fun Facts about French Food for Kids Style & Showbiz▾ Sections Showbiz Galleries Celebrity Pictures Beauty Fashion Health Parenting Healthy Eating Relationships & Sex Horoscopes Hot Stuff Features The top 10 male sex fantasies Showbiz George Michael had secret friendship with EastEnders actress Cheryl Fergison Latest Stuff Showbiz Ollie Locke trained as actor Showbiz Kim Kardashian West's stolen jewels melted and sold HOT STUFF Showbiz Ollie Locke trained as actor Showbiz Kim Kardashian West's stolen jewels melted and sold LATEST STUFF Showbiz Geri Halliwell's miracle pregnancy Showbiz Jennifer Hudson wants UK move HOT STUFF Galleries Rosanna Davison poses for Playboy Galleries Sunday World Magazine's exclusive photo shoot with Miss Ireland LATEST STUFF Galleries Gallery: World's hottest woman Stella Maxwell sizzles in Maxim cover Galleries GALLERY: Ana Pavel poses with classic cars at RDS show HOT STUFF Celebrity Pictures Kesha rocks sexy knee-high boots at LAX Celebrity Pictures Jaden Smith's dreadlocks let slip his disguise LATEST STUFF Celebrity Pictures Sarah Paulson hides hangover in sunnies Celebrity Pictures Samuel L. Jackson waves to fans at Jimmy Kimmel studios HOT STUFF Beauty New year, new lipstick trends Beauty Scientific beauty products LATEST STUFF Beauty Upgrade your gym beauty kit Beauty Tried and tested: mascara primers HOT STUFF Fashion Bella Hadid fronts vibrant DKNY campaign Fashion Kendall Jenner is 'obsessed' with diamond chokers LATEST STUFF Fashion Jennifer Lopez names footwear line after her family members Fashion Jasper Conran: 'In business, creativity sometimes has to be sacrificed' HOT STUFF Health Alzheimer's can start in the womb from lack of vitamin A Health Fat shaming makes it harder for people to lose weight LATEST STUFF Health Yoga poses to beat stress Health Being naked = better body satisfaction HOT STUFF Parenting Katie Price compares getting toddler's ears pierced to circumcision Parenting Children should not be allowed at weddings says top wedding planner LATEST STUFF Parenting Surgery hope for twins conjoined at the head Parenting Irish student returns from Tokyo after Texaco prize trip HOT STUFF Healthy Eating Free Slimming World Mag in this week's Sunday World Healthy Eating Free Slimming World Mag in this week's Sunday World LATEST STUFF Healthy Eating What's your healthy eating IQ? Healthy Eating Magic beans: 5 surprising health benefits of baked beans HOT STUFF Relationships & Sex Irish Transgender woman finds her dream man – who used to be a girl Relationships & Sex Video: Pastor with two wives becomes a father for 12th time LATEST STUFF Dr Angela Love guru Dr. Angela reveals her most unusual sex questions ever Dr Angela Dr Angela reveals Ireland's Top 10 sex problems; Part 2 LATEST STUFF Sarah Delamere Hurding Psychic Sarah: What this summer holds for you.... Horoscopes Psychic's guide to your finances in 2017 LATEST STUFF Horoscopes Today's horoscope 8th June Sport▾ Sections Soccer UFC GAA Rugby Golf Racing Ladies Football Angling World Other Sports Bets Northern Ireland Sport Opinion Latest Soccer Lineker and Shearer rip into Klopp as Gerrard gives his verdict Racing Many Clouds tragically dies after winning Cotswold Chase Hottest Soccer Mourinho reveals why Martial was left out of his squad Soccer Exclusive interview - Stephen Ward admits criticism has cut deep HOT STUFF Soccer Liverpool fans fume as Reds dumped out of FA Cup Soccer Jurgen Klopp names second-string Liverpool side for Wolves FA Cup tie LATEST STUFF Soccer Lineker and Shearer rip into Klopp as Gerrard gives his verdict Soccer Klopp takes responsibility for FA Cup loss as he 'can't blame players' HOT STUFF GAA Dublin GAA star has All-Ireland winning medal stolen GAA Pat Spillane's Highlights and Low points of 2016 in GAA LATEST STUFF GAA Mickey Harte tells us how there is much more to life than football GAA Dublin senior footballers lose first game in 359 days HOT STUFF Rugby Dylan Hartley free to play Six Nations after getting six-week ban Rugby Irish rugby's most memorable moments of 2016 LATEST STUFF Rugby Two Rugby Union players test positive for cocaine Rugby Leinster hammer 14-man Montpellier to make Champions Cup quarter-final Latest Golf Video: American heckler takes up European team challenge and wins Golf Tributes pour in for Arnold Palmer as the golf legend dies aged 87 Hottest Golf Rory McIlroy makes strong start in first tournament of 2017 Golf Bjorn leader; Dane Thomas to captain Europe's 2018 Ryder Cup team HOT STUFF Racing Many Clouds tragically dies after winning Cotswold Chase Racing Champion Hurdle favourite Faugheen to run at Leopardstown on Sunday LATEST STUFF Racing Annie Power ruled out of Cheltenham Racing Gold Cup winner Don Cossack retired following further setback HOT STUFF Angling World Birthday boy makes a mint Angling World Money bags for Kennedy LATEST STUFF Angling World Young anglers enjoy ‘ard life Angling World Garda patrol on Lough Mask HOT STUFF Other Sports Ireland's 10 richest sportspeople have been revealed Other Sports Video: US pornstar says she is 'obsessed' with Conor McGregor LATEST STUFF Other Sports Serena Williams stunned by Kerber in Australian Open final Other Sports Power out as Phil Taylor is beaten at World Darts Championship HOT STUFF Bets Sunday Double and Irish tips from Michael Fortune Bets One punter is in for huge windfall if Leicester are top at Christmas LATEST STUFF Bets Punter makes the worst cash out in history on Leicester bet Bets Beat the bookies with Aldo: A Christmas cracker of a treble HOT STUFF Northern Ireland Sport Glentoran legend Colin Nixon vows to play on Northern Ireland Sport Maxi praise for Warrenpoint Town LATEST STUFF Northern Ireland Sport Northern Ireland ratings as they thump San Marino Northern Ireland Sport Northern Ireland confirm their final Euro 2016 squad HOT STUFF Pat Spillane Pat Spillane hands out his annual GAA Oscars Part II Pat Spillane Pat Spillane hands out his annual GAA Oscars Part 1 LATEST STUFF Pat Spillane Spillane vows to ride horse naked if one of these teams don't win Sam Roy Curtis Roy Curtis: Seven sensational sporting stories that may unfold in 2017 Competitions Video Dating News▶ Crime Desk Kidnap faker McGeever to lose mansion ● Crime DeskBy Patrick O'Connell Kevin McGeever talks to our man KIDNAP-FAKER Kevin McGeever – who is facing jail for refusing to transfer his Galway mansion ‘Nirvana’ to a conned investor – this week ranted: “I couldn’t give a sh*t about that house.” Speaking after he broke several fingers during a fall on icy steps over Christmas, self-confessed liar McGeever whined to the Sunday World: “Nobody ever says anything good about me.” McGeever is facing the threat of imprisonment for failing to hand over shares in a Belize registered company that holds ownership of the Craughwell mansion to former investor James Byrne, who he owes €1.18 million to. However, speaking with the Sunday World, the disgraced Dubai property speculator: Claims 95 per cent of the Irish people who invested with him got their money back; Insists he didn’t fake his own kidnapping, but was pressured by Gardaí to say he did to avoid jail; And describes claims against him – which have been accepted as true by both the District Court and High Court – as “bullshit”, saying they have destroyed his health. “I’m not going to talk about f**king Nirvana,” he ranted. “It’s only a f**king house. I don’t give a shit about it. I just want peace of mind…  “My health is a bit questionable, my blood pressure is very high and this [showing us his hand] doesn’t help, but it was an accident. I broke some of my fingers. I was going down the stairs, there was ice on it and I fell. “My side has never been told. Ninety-five per cent of the people that I dealt with in Dubai, Irish people, and nobody ever rang them because if they did they’d all say the same – ‘he paid us the money back’.” In December, McGeever was warned in the High Court that he faced being jailed for contempt if he fails to transfer shares to former investor James Byrne, who is seeking to recover a €1.18m judgement. Mr Byrne had obtained judgement against McGeever and his company over a failed deal to purchase several apartments in Dubai sold by McGeever’s KMM Intel Properties. McGeever claimed the house is owned by a Belize registered company, Universal Assets Ltd, and is held in trust for his two daughters. The case has been adjourned for another two weeks. December’s sitting of the High Court occurred eight months after McGeever pleaded guilty before Galway Circuit Court to wasting Garda time. He had claimed he was kidnapped by creditors who held him for eight months in an underground bunker. Speaking about this conviction, McGeever snapped: “I’ll give you the full story from the first day. May 27, 2012, the day I left this place and drove down in a car and had a gun put to my head. Do you think I’m making this up? “I’ll tell you now what happened. At the last minute I sat down in Galway in the court and they [the prosecution] said plead not guilty and you’ll be locked up… you’ll get five years and you’ll do two years. Or plead guilty and you can walk out. “Reporters are bullshitters and they have never printed the truth.” Return to top sports desk Frampton calls for Belfast bout after Santa Cruz levels series 1-1 CARL Frampton surrendered his WBA World featherweight belt in Las Vegas suffering a majority loss to Leo Santa Cruz who avenged the defeat he suffered to the Irish fighter in New York last July. We've got the top sports stories from the best team in the world Crime Desk ● Crime Desk Gardai launch appeal to find van driver after Dublin 'hit-and-run' ● Crime Desk Gardai seize huge cocaine haul in sting ● Crime Desk New generation of thugs set to take over as feud cripples gangs ● Crime Desk Convicted fraudster 'Fat Boy' found lying low in Finglas ● Crime Desk West Dublin gang feud threatens to re-ignite ● Crime Desk Irish expert to crack cold cases after breakthrough in DNA profiling ● Crime Desk Volatile associate of "Duck Egg" on the run following death threats ● Crime Desk Men arrested in garda raid on industrial estate to appear in court ● Crime Desk Gardai make third grow house bust in two days ● Crime Desk Man arrested for urinating in shop while on first date Top Content Showbiz World Woman ● Showbiz Kristen Stewart relies on her stylist ● Music George Ezra wrote new album in cabin ● Movies Jon Hamm's hologram fears ● Showbiz Ollie Locke trained as actor ● Movies Fatherhood helped Casey Affleck film Manchester By the Sea ● Showbiz Kim Kardashian West's stolen jewels melted and sold ● Showbiz Geri Halliwell's miracle pregnancy ● Showbiz Jennifer Hudson wants UK move ● Showbiz Octavia Spencer sent letters to idol Michael Jackson ● Showbiz Mischa Barton had drink spiked while celebrating birthday with friends ● Showbiz Oscars bosses furious Trump policy may bar nominee ● Showbiz Miranda Kerr on 'great' terms with Orlando Bloom and Katy Perry ● Showbiz Lucie Jones confident of Eurovision chances ● Showbiz Conrad Murray wants to help Paris Jackson ● Showbiz Peter Andre's wife wants more children ● Showbiz Natalie Portman pays tribute to Sir John Hurt ● Showbiz Kim Kardashian West's daily workouts ● Showbiz Black Sabbath's Geoff Nicholls dead at 68 ● Showbiz Emmanuelle Riva dead at 89 ● Showbiz Katie Price hits back at Twitter trolls ● Showbiz Miranda Kerr praises Katy Perry ● Showbiz Oscar-nominated actress Emmanuelle Riva dead at 89 ● Showbiz Taylor Swift full of praise for 'wonderful' Zayn Malik ● Showbiz Mel Brooks leads tributes to veteran actor John Hurt ● Showbiz Robin Thicke skips gala appearance following tense custody battle ● Showbiz Public invited to memorial service for Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds ● Showbiz Ricki Lake joins Let It Shine as guest judge ● Showbiz Kieron Richardson and partner having baby girl and boy twins ● Showbiz Vanessa Feltz to enter Celebrity Big Brother House ● Showbiz Rylan Clark-Neal can't wait to get weekends back ● Showbiz Idris Elba stays humble by not watching his own work ● Showbiz Liam Payne and Cheryl have ‘made a pact to limit their exposure’ ● Music Jonas Blue's desperate to meet Calvin Harris at BRITs ● Movies Goldie Hawn in super-shape on Snatched ● Showbiz Robin Thicke misses late father's NHL100 Gala tribute ● Music Serge Pizzorno boasts new Kasabian album is best ever ● Movies Millie Bobby Brown joins Godzilla 2 ● TV Jaymi Hensley for Celebrity Big Brother? ● Showbiz Mel Brooks leads tributes to Sir John Hurt ● Showbiz Rochelle Humes left breathless by baby bump ● Fashion Jennifer Lopez names footwear line after her family members ● Fashion Jasper Conran: 'In business, creativity sometimes has to be sacrificed' ● Fashion Bella Hadid fronts vibrant DKNY campaign ● Beauty Upgrade your gym beauty kit ● Beauty Tried and tested: mascara primers ● Fashion Kendall Jenner is 'obsessed' with diamond chokers ● Fashion Fearne Cotton will open a pop-up store this year ● Fashion Zendaya has spent years trying to grow her 'damaged hair back' ● Fashion Bella Hadid's daily beauty regime is 'a science' ● Fashion Cara Taylor had to have 'high heel walking lessons' before runway debut ● Fashion Maison Margiela collaborated with artist on 'tulle portraits' ● Fashion Rodarte set to collaborate with Coach on capsule collection ● Fashion Kylie Jenner will open new pop-up shop in New York next month ● Fashion Jennifer Lopez will never wear 'chunky' shoes ● Fashion Helen Mirren 'is wrong' to call for make-up free women ● Fashion YSL Beaute taps Tom Pecheux as global beauty director ● Fashion Elie Saab pays homage to Egypt with spring 17 couture ● Fashion Kelly Rohrbach is the new face of Lipsy London's swimwear range ● Beauty New year, new lipstick trends ● Beauty Scientific beauty products ● Fashion Melania Trump's Inauguration dress designer praises her fashion judgment ● Fashion Kylie Jenner reveals new The Valentine's Collection for Kylie Cosmetics ● Fashion Sofia Richie's style is 'punky yet put together' ● Fashion Valentino presents dreamlike spring 17 couture collection ● Fashion Manolo Blahnik dedicates shoe exhibition to Franca Sozzani and Anna Piaggi ● Fashion H&M joins see now, buy now bandwagon ● Fashion Frances Bean Cobain is 'flattered' to be the new face of Marc Jacobs S/S17 campaign ● Fashion Maison Margiela unveils avant-garde couture for spring 17 ● Fashion Tom Ford hires new chief marketing officer ● Fashion Lily Rose Depp felt 'pretty intimidated' when she first met Karl Lagerfeld ● Beauty Plain to perfect in 10 minutes flat ● Beauty How to customise your nail polish with eyeshadow ● Fashion Taylor Hill is the new face of Joe's Jeans ● Fashion Kylie Jenner teases new Kylie Cosmetics make-up line ● Fashion Zendaya wears lace-front wigs to look 'completely different' ● Fashion Alexandre Vauthier presents relaxed couture line ● Fashion Taylor Hill designs and poses for Joe's Jeans ● Fashion Ashley Graham promotes 'beauty beyond size' in Marina Rinaldi campaign ● Fashion Bella Hadid feels honoured modelling in Alexandre Vauthier's Fashion Show ● Fashion Audrina Patridge owns 'over 1,000' swimsuits This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie policy Home News Courts Crime Desk Crime World Investigations Northern Ireland Columnists Entertainment Trending TV Movies Music Games & Technology Food & Drink Cars Motorbikes Travel Style & Showbiz Showbiz Galleries Celebrity Pictures Beauty Fashion Health Parenting Healthy Eating Relationships & Sex Horoscopes Sport Soccer UFC GAA Rugby Golf Racing Ladies Football Angling World Other Sports Bets Northern Ireland Sport Opinion Competitions Video Sitemap Contact Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with us Group websites SundayWorldAn INM website By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link: Privacy Statement. Dismiss
Home Archives Ed Morrissey Show Newsletters   Hmmm: Senate Intel Committee to investigate Russian meddling — including any connections to political campaigns posted at 8:01 pm on January 13, 2017 by Allahpundit Share on Facebook 1 1 SHARES This is a reversal. Yesterday committee chair Richard Burr said they wouldn’t be looking into the unverified private intelligence about Trump and his team having supposedly been compromised by Russia. This evening he put out a statement saying that they’ll look at it after all as part of their broader investigation into Russian interference. Huh. Republicans control the Intelligence Committee, of course, just as they control all House and Senate committees right now, which I can only assume means that Team Trump was consulted on this decision and approved. And the only way they would approve is if they know for a fact that there’s nothing to the BuzzFeed dossier and that they’ll end up being cleared by committee. I think. Even so, we’re now in a situation where the incoming president is effectively under congressional investigation for foreign influence before he takes office, which I guess is in keeping with the “never a dull moment” promise of the Trump campaign last year. You can read the pertinent bits from the committee’s press release here. Key part: Note the bit about subpoenaing members of the Obama and Trump administrations to compel testimony if need be. One odd thing, though: Why the change of heart by Burr literally overnight? Yesterday he wanted the FBI to take the lead on investigating contacts between Russia and U.S. political campaigns, suddenly today he’s fine with his committee doing it? Maybe Team Trump sees this as a way to dig around within the IC and find out who, if anyone, has been circulating the BuzzFeed dossier and other accusations against Trump. The sooner they uncover the leakers, the sooner they can purge them. Or maybe Trump’s team is worried about the FBI and CIA investigating contacts it might have had with Russia and wants a parallel investigation controlled by Republicans happening, just in case. If the FBI leaks some new allegation against Trump, it’ll help a lot from a PR standpoint if the Senate Intel Committee can counter-leak that they’ve investigated that allegation themselves and there’s nothing to it. I haven’t allowed for the possibility that Burr is on the level and wants to get the bottom of whether Team Trump might have had contact with Russia during the campaign, but hey — based on what we’ve seen so far, there’s no reason to think congressional Republicans will hold Trump accountable on anything important, let alone something that would imperil his presidency. There’s got to be an angle here. It’ll be clear soon enough. In the meantime, enjoy Juan Williams echoing the Democratic talking point du jour by claiming that “It’s really up to Donald Trump to prove he’s legitimate.” Er, no. When you win 304 electoral votes, it’s up to your opponents to prove that you’re illegitimate. And like anyone else, Trump’s innocent until proved guilty. Burdens of proof: How do they work? Share on Facebook 1 1 SHARES Tags: burr, committee, contact, hacking, intelligence, pol, putin, Russia, Senate, trump Related Posts: Mitch McConnell basically rules out nuking the filibuster for Supreme Court nominees — or does he? Trump: Defense secretary Mattis will “override” me on torture Kellyanne Conway: Yes, we’re considering lifting sanctions on Russia Breaking on Hot Air Trump’s next executive actions touch on NSC, ISIS and draining the swamp FedEx supports driver who prevented protesters from burning American flag At the auto show, after spats with Trump GM features a car made in… Canada Blowback   Trump’s next executive actions touch on NSC, ISIS and draining the swamp FedEx supports driver who prevented protesters from burning American flag At the auto show, after spats with Trump GM features a car made in… Canada CBS: This week in executive orders … The refugee travel ban is certainly shaking things up Join Ed and Allahpundit on Facebook! Hot Links Right Channels Ace of Spades HQ Allergic2Bull Andrew Malcolm BigGovernment.com Daily Caller Defining Ideas Doug Powers Doug Ross @ Journal Election Results ElectionProjection Evan Coyne Maloney Fausta's Blog Jeff Dunetz La Shawn Barber’s Corner Le·gal In·sur·rec·tion Liberty Unyielding Mark Steyn Matt Lewis Michelle Malkin Newsbusters NRA News Patterico Poll Tracker Power Line Pundit & Pundette Real Clear Politics Ricochet Right Wing News Salena Zito Second Amendment The Other McCain The Shark Tank The Sundries Shack Tip Sheet Blog Townhall U.S. Constitution Left Channels BloggingHeads TV War on Terror Blogging the Qur’an Counterterrorism Blog Jihad Watch MEMRI TV Michael Yon NEFA Foundation Zombie Audio podcasters Ashbrook podcasts Blogtalkradio Instapundit Cartoons/Satire Conservative eCards Day by Day Mallard Fillmore Michael Ramirez Cartoons Political Cartoons Entertainment Happy Slip John Hanlon Reviews Industry/Internet TV Ed Driscoll Johnny Dollar Popehat Roger L. Simon Hangouts Drudge Report Linkiest Lucianne Memeorandum Twitchy Talkers Hugh Hewitt KFI – Los Angeles Kirby Wilbur Lars Larson Laura Ingraham Mark Levin Michael Graham Michael Smerconish Mike Gallagher Radio Vice Online Roger Hedgecock Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity Tammy Bruce Tony Katz Hot Air Affiliates Brian Maloney Going Red Investigative Project Jawa Report Suitably Flip Feeds  Subscribe in a reader Recent Tags Donald Trump trump abortion Barack Obama Supreme Court immigration Hillary Clinton hardiman kellyanne conway gorsuch filibuster voter fraud Mexico Mitch McConnell border wall EPA Dakota Access Pipeline Russia illegal Mike Pence Women's March on Washington media media bias mcconnell Secret Service drain the swamp executive action ISIS lobbyists nsc american flag FedEx flag burning protest Canada cars Chevrolet General Motors show daca dapa executive orders syrian refugees ban green cards Iran Iraq protests refugees birth certificate © 2006-2017 Hot Air | Designed by The Blog Studio | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | About | Advertise | Mobile Site
Retail Advertising Design Join Our Business Intelligence Platform Loading... menu Explore by Industry Industry> Automotive Beauty Consumer Goods Education Entertainment Fashion Finance Fitness & Sport Food Health Home Media Retail Technology Travel Demographic Demographic> Boomers Kids Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Location Location> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Trending Trending> Food Sports Retail Work Activity Activity> Advertising Branding CRM Design & Architecture Experiential Product Launch Research About Consulting Events Experts Membership Reports Wallkit This iPhone-Compatible VR Headset Is Equipped With A 3D Scanner Augmented & Virtual Reality Doc Portrait PDF Landscape PDF Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Bridge uses positional tracking to mix real and virtual worlds Weronika Jurkiewicz 13 january 2017 VR enthusiasts who were still holding on to their iPhones can breathe a sigh of relief, as the wait for an Apple-compatible mobile VR headset is over. This particular device does not come from the tech giant however, but from Occipital, a three-year-old startup dedicated to spacial computing. Compatible with iPhone 6, 6s and 7, Bridge relies on position-tracking, making it one of the most powerful mobile VR headsets on the market. Occipital first hit the papers back in 2014, with its very successful Kickstarter campaign. They raised over $1.2 million to develop Structure Sensor, a 3D scanner for mobile devices which lets users make 3D maps of indoor spaces or instant 3D models of objects and people. Now, the company decided to use the power of depth awareness to transform a mobile VR headset into a mixed reality powerhouse, bridging the virtual and physical worlds. Thanks to the Structure Sensor mounted on top of it, Bridge knows exactly where you are in space and adapts the virtual world accordingly. It can also warn you if you are about to run into a real-life object. But that’s not all. Bridge comes equipped with an AI entity called Bridget. This cute little robot can learn the spatial composition of a room and thus interact with its surroundings. For example, if you throw a virtual ball at it, it will chase after it, avoiding coffee tables, sofas or other items that happen to be in its way. Bridget can be trained via the mobile-optimized Bridge Engine which can render mixed reality experiences at high frames. Occipital is not the only company on the market that understands the power of mixed reality combined with depth awareness—Google has the Tango tablet, Microsoft, the HoloLens headset, Intel, the freshly-announced Project Alloy, an “all-in-one virtual reality solution” that uses RealSense technologies, and Oculus is working on its new Santa Cruz headset, presented at Oculus Connect in October. However, the Bridge headset has one considerable advantage over the rest, especially from the end-consumer standpoint: it is relatively cheap and does not require learning a new, complicated hardware. Not to mention, that it provides the best user experience for iPhone users who have been forgotten in the mobile VR race so far. The Bridge Explorer Edition, targeted at the developer community, is available for $499 and will start shipping this week. The consumer-oriented model is available for pre-order for $399 and will start shipping in March. Occipital +iphone Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +spacial computing Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +technology Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Virtual Reality Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +VR Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +VR Headset Create Alert Create Favorites Folder Doc Portrait PDF Landscape PDF Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Trending 3D-Printed Sculptures Move And Bloom Realistically Zack Palm Posted January 13, 2017 Arts & Culture Advertising january 27, 2017 Topline: This Bag Of Chips Will Stop People From Drinking And Driving Automotive january 27, 2017 Fragrance Line Lets You Smell Like An Autonomous Car Trending Get PSFK's Related Report: Future of Automotive See All Entertainment january 27, 2017 This Shanghai Startup Is Making It Easier To Brew Beer At Home Home january 27, 2017 Community-Driven Platform Lets Other People Design Your House For You PSFK Membership Free trial: Get full access to the PSFK Creative Intelligence Portal for 30 days Related Expert DJ Roller Explorer, Filmmaker, Visual artist Syndicated january 27, 2017 What The Nintendo Gets Right For Consumers Food january 27, 2017 This Shanghai Startup Is Making It Easier To Brew Beer At Home Syndicated january 27, 2017 What The Nintendo Gets Right For Consumers PSFK MEMBERSHIP JOIN RETAIL INTELLIGENCE PLATFORM Get access to retail reports and 20,000 retail insights LEARN MORE PSFK Op-Ed january 13, 2017 Mobile Technology Expert: How Should Brands Incorporate Augmented Reality In 2017? PSFK Labs january 17, 2017 3 Pillars Of Success In The New Retail Landscape Augmented & Virtual Reality january 27, 2017 Take To The Virtual Skies With This Bird-Like Suit Fashion january 27, 2017 Lululemon's Meditation Busses Help Londoners Find Calm And Focus PSFK Labs Reports Learn How: Download latest trends reports and business playbooks PSFK Labs Change now: Hire trend researchers, product conceptors and innovation experts Design & Architecture january 27, 2017 Airbnb Creates A Sustainable Green Apartment Using Pantone's 'Color Of The Year' Arts & Culture january 27, 2017 The Friar's Habit Gets A Streetwear Overhaul PSFK Videos Watch Now: Study hundreds of change makers sharing their insights Advertising january 27, 2017 Beer Bottle Designed To Be Enjoyed In The Shower TREND REPORT FORECAST 2020 The Consumer Roles That Will Shape Our Future   DOWNLOAD NOW Technology january 27, 2017 These Lego-Like Blocks Help Anyone Feel Like A Musician Media & Publishing january 27, 2017 PSFK Features: Chat With A Member Of The PSFK Team PSFK Events Attend Now: Join us at one of our innovation and trend debriefs Health january 26, 2017 Health Campaign Raises Awareness By Broadcasting Live Surgery Fitness & Sport january 26, 2017 Nike Has Found A New Way To Use Augmented Reality In Its Stores Retail january 26, 2017 Headphones Created From Recycled Truck Tarp No search results found. daily weekly subscribe Saved Search {{watchlistItem.title}} daily weekly subscribe 10 20 posts pdf download Saved Keywords Email Alerts Favorites 10 20 posts pdf download Shared 10 20 posts pdf download Obama 'Hope' Artist Creates A New Set Of Posters On Diversity And American Identity Arts & Culture Lululemon's Meditation Busses Help Londoners Find Calm And Focus Advertising 3D-Printed Sculptures Move And Bloom Realistically Arts & Culture Airbnb Creates A Sustainable Green Apartment Using Pantone's 'Color Of The Year' Design & Architecture Community-Driven Platform Lets Other People Design Your House For You Retail Take To The Virtual Skies With This Bird-Like Suit Technology Beer Bottle Designed To Be Enjoyed In The Shower Food Health Campaign Raises Awareness By Broadcasting Live Surgery Health The Friar's Habit Gets A Streetwear Overhaul Fashion Fragrance Line Lets You Smell Like An Autonomous Car Automotive [Insight] Moore’s law and the rise of the invisible computer [Opinion] Amazon Dash buttons solve a nonexistent problem [News] Samsung mobile phone sales fall to lowest level in five years [Insight] The power of Chatbots for modern brands [News] Elon Musk reveals a mysterious tunneling project [Stat] Touch-enabled technology in video ads leads to a 50% lift in brand favorability [News] BMW and Nissan launch 174 new dual-plug EV chargers in the US [News] Mozilla is focuing on revitalizing its once-beloved browser [Insight] The end of bad Wi-Fi could be near [Insight] This startup killed its most profitable product because customers were using it for evil [Insight] Do cake designs count as intellectual property? [News] Amazon launches a subscription service for STEM toys [Insight] How Tesla’s new self-driving system will work [Insight] Inside Instagram’s reinvention [News] iOS 10.3 Beta Includes New ‘Find My AirPods’ Mode for Locating Lost AirPods [News] Microsoft scores privacy win after appeals court split vote [News] Cisco rolls out Spark Board, all-in-one cloud-connected digital whiteboard [News] Target will launch its own mobile payments system this year [Insight] What if pharmaceutical companies no longer increased drug prices? [News] Dutch Railways, one of the largest train companies in Europe, now runs entirely on wind power [Insight] Building a craft brand experience for tequila [News] ‘Dash Button’ hits Amazon’s homepages [News] Theresa May’s industrial strategy: Robotics, AI, and other R&D [Inspiration] Mixologists in India are reviving traditional ingredients [News] This $4.5 billion photo app is so huge in China that it’s trending in the US [Insight] Why publishers are rethinking their pursuit of huge numbers [Insight] There has been a “global implosion” of trust in business, government, and the media [News] Instacart slashes pay of some of its lowest-paid workers [Insight] Inside the leadership process of an NFL coach [Opinion] Is kindness a luxury? SEARCH CONTENT BY VERTICAL Industry Automotive Entertainment Fashion Fitness & Sport Food Health Retail Travel Demographic Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Location Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Trending Arts & Culture AI Cities IoT Luxury AR/VR Work Activity Advertising Branding Customer Retention Design & Architecture Media Experiential Product Launch Research Sign Up Newsletter Free Trial Membership Visit Us PSFK LLC 42 Bond Street, 6th Floor New York, NY 10012 +1 646.520.4672 Contact Us Sales & Partnerships Editorial Submissions Careers More About Staff Wallkit Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions + get the new report Transformation Strategies For Customer-First Business
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Sunday, January 29, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Developing JUDGE STAYS TRUMP REFUGEE BAN Partial Suspension Allows Scores Stuck at Airports to Stay By MICHAEL D. SHEAR, NICHOLAS KULISH and ALAN FEUER 11:17 PM ET A federal judge in Brooklyn issued an emergency stay of part of President Trump’s executive order on immigration, ruling that sending refugees and others back would cause “irreparable harm.” Lawyers for the A.C.L.U., which filed the lawsuit, said the decision affects an estimated 100 to 200 people.  Comments Judge Who Blocked Order Praised for ‘Firm Moral Compass’ 1:18 AM ET The Immigration Order, Annotated Are you affected by President Trump’s executive order on immigration — or know someone who is? If you have information, please contact us: immigration@nytimes.com. News Analysis Ban Is Unlikely to Reduce Threat By SCOTT SHANE The unintended consequence of Mr. Trump’s directive, many experts believe, is that it will make the risk worse. Video by DAPHNE RUSTOW and AINARA TIEFENTHÄLER. Photo by Victor J. Blue for The New York Times   J.F.K. Airport Protest Came ‘Out of Nowhere’ By ELI ROSENBERG 11:17 PM ET Word of the demonstration filtered out from immigrant-advocacy groups and then got a big push from Michael Moore. Disbelief for Refugees Almost in the U.S. By ROD NORDLAND, JOE COCHRANE and PATRICK KINGSLEY Refugees who had already made it through the vetting procedure to be resettled in the United States reacted with disbelief to Mr. Trump’s ban. Sports Officials Fear a Fallout in International Arena A Welcome for Syrians Who Arrived Just in Time By JODI KANTOR Volunteers from an Illinois synagogue gathered to greet one of the last Syrian refugee families to be accepted in the United States with the warmest possible welcome. Far-Right Media Stokes Fear of Muslim Refugees ‘How Do I Get Back Home?’ Visa Ban May Keep Iranian Director From Oscars Trump and Putin Talk, but Not About U.S. Sanctions By PETER BAKER and ANDREW E. KRAMER 10:31 PM ET Mr. Trump spoke by phone with Russia’s leader, in what the new administration called a “significant start to improving the relationship” between the two countries. Unreality Show Echoes Trump’s Business Past By DAVID BARSTOW As a businessman and candidate, Mr. Trump often made dubious statements, but even jaded political veterans have been astonished by his false claims since he took office. Taliban Tap New Income Stream: Bills for Afghan Utilities By MUJIB MASHAL and NAJIM RAHIM As militants have taken over increasingly large areas in the past two years, they have found ways beyond the illicit drug trade to make money. American Is Accused of Aiding ISIS With Gift Cards By ERIC LICHTBLAU The prosecution of Nick Young offers a revealing look at the F.B.I.’s shadowy attempts to identify possible Islamic extremists, an effort President Trump has vowed to intensify. Many Japanese Look for a Shift to Female Heirs to the Throne By MOTOKO RICH As the governing party considers allowing Emperor Akihito to retire, many in the public believe the law should be permanently changed to admit women as heirs to the throne. The Daily 360 1:30 How to Make a Chinese Lantern Sarah Li /The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Fix Turning an Apartment’s Quirks Into Assets By MICHELLE HIGGINS Apartments in the city often have issues that can turn off a potential buyer. Here’s what you can do about it. 11 Reasons to Buy a Rotisserie Chicken NYT Cooking Reason 1: You don’t have to cook it. Reasons 2-11 are recipes. Veterans Pay the Cost for U.S. Nuclear Tests By DAVE PHILIPPS Between 1977 and 1980, roughly 4,000 service members helped clean up Enewetak Atoll from nuclear tests. Many now have ailments they think result from the work, but the government won’t provide health care. John Hurt, Actor Who Vanished Into Roles, Dies at 77 By BRUCE WEBER Mr. Hurt was nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of the title role in the 1980 film “The Elephant Man,” and gained fame as the first victim of the chest-bursting monster in “Alien.” Watch: His Most Memorable Roles 11:57 PM A Tribute to the Apollo 1 Disaster, and the End of an Era By LILY KOPPEL Families of astronauts and fans of space travel gathered at Cape Canaveral for what may have been the last memorial for three astronauts who were killed during a routine training mission. Ten Centuries Later, a Pope and Knights Do Battle By JASON HOROWITZ A Vatican rift has spilled into the Knights of Malta, a sovereign order. Freemasons, beware. Serena Williams Wins Australian Open, Breaking Record By CHRISTOPHER CLAREY With her 23rd Grand Slam singles championship, Serena Williams broke Steffi Graf’s record for most major wins in the Open era and reclaimed the top world ranking. Federer and Nadal Breathe New Life Into Old Classic One-Man Traffic Jam Will Hit City When Trump Visits By SARAH MASLIN NIR The prolonged protection of a president and his glass and steel home in the heart of Manhattan will be a new challenge even for the Secret Service. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. How to Act Drunk, With Richard Roxburgh Mr. Roxburgh stars as Mikhail in “The Present,” a Chekhov adaptation that floats along on a vodka tide, at the Ethel Barrymore Theater. Two Boys Lose, and Find, Themselves in Cricket In Aravind Adiga’s new novel, “Selection Day,” the game of cricket may pull two boys out of India’s slums. No Escaping Politics at the Sundance Film Festival While the event says it champions artists, not politics, its array of films affirms its decidedly diverse identity. Sunday Review Live From the White House, It’s Trump TV By DEREK THOMPSON The president has begun to broadcast his alternative reality.  Comments Editorial: Can Donald Trump Handle the Truth? Trump’s Muslim Ban Is Cowardly and Dangerous By THE EDITORIAL BOARD History has its eyes on Trump officials and members of Congress who know better, but are staying silent. Op-Ed: Trump’s Policy on Immigration Is Illegal Kristof: My Refugee Family How My Mom Learned to Love Her Son By TENNESSEE JONES When I transitioned, she couldn’t look at me without crying. Then we both changed.  Comments Bruni: A Sisterly ‘No’ to Donald Trump Douthat: The Fog of Trump Dowd: Wild Child in Charge User Subscriptions Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Times Insider » Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads An Iraqi Family Split by the Vicissitudes of Asylum Though theirs is an immigrant success story in some respects, with sons working and one owning a business, Maha al-Obaidi grieves that half her family remains half a world away. Seeking a Fresh Start Without Limitations Job loss left a family struggling to pay expenses and turning to public assistance while searching for the right educational environment for a child entering kindergarten. A Door to a Home Brimming With Love, and Open to All Sandra Parker, inspired by her own upbringing, has welcomed the task of raising several of her grandchildren, stepping up when her children could not. ‘To Hell and Back’ as a Cancer Survivor, Storm Victim and Caregiver DeBraan Varvaro, 61, provides care for her younger sister, who is a paranoid schizophrenic. Their financial and health problems worsened after Hurricane Sandy. Earning a Degree, and Her Daughters’ Admiration Latisha Hopewell, a Neediest Cases beneficiary, became the first in her family to earn a college degree. She also motivated her two daughters. After Escape From Syria, Another Dangerous Foe: Diabetes A Neediest Cases beneficiary agency tries to help bridge a health care gap for a young refugee in Jordan, far from home. Stepping Out of the Ring While Rolling With the Punches Joanna Acevedo, 22, had to quit boxing and postpone her dreams to care for her daughter, who was born with a rare condition that has affected her eyesight. After Retirement, Finding a ‘Second Career’ as a Volunteer There are 2,500 volunteers in the Retired and Senior Volunteer Program, working with 350 nonprofits and helping people manage their finances and apply for public assistance. Dangers Behind and Uncertainties Ahead, but Together at Last Eleven years after they last saw their mother, José and Juan Rivera left El Salvador to join her in the United States, where new challenges awaited them. Maintaining a Sunny Spirit in the Face of Hardship Linda Ragoo, a beneficiary of Neediest Cases, has a variety of health issues that she combats with the laughter that frames her positive personality. Hungry and Ill in a Country Plundered by Boko Haram A family struggles to get adequate health care and sustenance in Nigeria. From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Book Review Roxane Gay: By the Book Opinion Gray Matter: The Normalization Trap Our minds tend to blur what’s typical with what’s acceptable. Movies The Oscar Redemption Narrative Style The Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Sunday Review Letters: College Success, for All Television Barbara Hale, ‘Perry Mason’ Actress, Dies Music Japandroids: Shriek-Along Punk Sunday Review One Country, Two Tribes Sabrina Tavernise spent 15 years covering political conflicts overseas. Now she sees the same kinds of angry divisions tearing at America. Book Review How Mormon Women Embraced Polygamy Art & Design Chuck Stewart, Jazz Photographer, Dies at 89 Sunday Review How My Mom Learned to Love Her Son Theater From the Stage, Warnings About Complacency Sections World » Ten Centuries Later, a Pope and Knights Do Battle Taliban, Collecting Bills for Afghan Utilities, Tap New Revenue Sources In Canada, Justin Trudeau Says Refugees Are Welcome Business Day » One Certainty of Trump’s Wall: Big Money Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans In America’s Heartland, Discussing Climate Change Without Saying ‘Climate Change’ Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Mexico’s Forceful Resistance Editorial: The Voter Fraud Fantasy Gail Collins: The Trump War on Public Schools U.S. » Judge Blocks Trump Order on Refugees Amid Chaos and Outcry Worldwide Iraqi Immigrant, Caught in a Trump Policy Tangle, Is Allowed to Stay Warm Welcome for Syrians in a Country About to Ban Them Technology » Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans Alphabet’s Profits Stay Predictably Good in a Volatile Industry Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note Arts » Seth Meyers Confronts the Trump Era on ‘Late Night’ Trump’s Visa Ban May Keep Nominated Iranian Director From Attending Oscars John Hurt, British Actor Hailed for His Shape-Shifting Roles, Dies at 77 Politics » Trump’s Plan to Fight ISIS Includes Calling It by That Name Trump and Putin Connect, but Avoid Talk of Lifting U.S. Sanctions Trump Toughens Some Facets of Lobbying Ban and Weakens Others Fashion & Style » Circa Now: These Booths Are Made For Talking: Soothers Hit the Streets Encounters: Even the Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Gets Stage Fright The Complete Guide to New York Fashion Week: Men’s Movies » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Trump’s Visa Ban May Keep Nominated Iranian Director From Attending Oscars Watch John Hurt in His Most Memorable Roles New York » Protest Grows ‘Out of Nowhere’ at Kennedy Airport After Iraqis Are Detained Judge Blocks Trump Order on Refugees Amid Chaos and Outcry Worldwide Love and Black Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street Sports » Trump’s Immigration Order Could Have a Big Impact on Sports Serena Williams Beats Venus Williams to Win Her 7th Australian Open Title Arrogate Spoils California Chrome’s Last Race, at Pegasus World Cup Theater » ‘Hamilton’ Is Coming to the Super Bowl Bryan Cranston to Play Howard Beale on Stage in ‘Network’ Review: Hungarians Bare Their Dark Side in ‘Our Secrets’ Science » Hydrogen Squeezed Into a Metal, Possibly Solid, Harvard Physicists Say A Genetic Fix to Put the Taste Back in Tomatoes New Prospects for Growing Human Replacement Organs in Animals Obituaries » John Hurt, British Actor Hailed for His Shape-Shifting Roles, Dies at 77 Barbara Hale, Who Played Perry Mason’s Loyal Secretary, Dies at 94 Arthur Rosenfeld, Zealous Champion of Energy Efficiency, Dies at 90 Television » ‘Making It on My Own,’ With Mary Tyler Moore as a Guide Mary Tyler Moore, Who Incarnated the Modern Woman on TV, Dies at 80 Review: ‘Z,’ Hardly the Last Word on the Fitzgeralds Health » Trump’s Pick for Health Secretary Under Scrutiny for Investments The New Old Age: Nursing Home Residents Gain New Protections Travelers With Nut Allergies Clash With Airlines Travel » Shanghai Dwellings Vanish, and With Them, a Way of Life 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Santiago, Chile Footsteps: The London of London’s Mayor Books » Fiction: Monica Ali on Rachel Cusk’s Risky, Revolutionary New Novel Critic's Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a 2017 Must-Read Nonfiction: Emmett Till’s Murder: What Really Happened That Day in the Store? Education » Canada Beckons International Students With a Path to Citizenship A District Divided: Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Not Far Away Thrive When Campus Rapists Are Repeat Offenders Food » City Kitchen: Sun-Kissed Citrus Salad for the Dead of Winter Hungry City: Filipino Food With Subtlety, and a Splash of 7Up, at F.O.B. U.S. Team Wins Bocuse d’Or Competition for First Time Sunday Review » Opinion: Live From the White House, It’s Trump TV Editorial: Donald Trump’s Muslim Ban Is Cowardly and Dangerous Frank Bruni: A Sisterly ‘No’ to Donald Trump Real Estate » 360 View: Harry Macklowe on New York Real Estate Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years Shopping Guide: Shopping for Folding Chairs The Upshot » Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Tax Policy: How to Interpret the Trump Administration’s Latest Signals on Mexico The 2016 Race: Illegal Voting Claims, and Why They Don’t Hold Up Magazine » Feature: ‘The Only Way We Can Fight Back Is to Excel’ Feature: Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy? Feature: John Edgar Wideman Against the World Automobiles » Your Money: How to Buy a Used Car in an Age of Widespread Recalls Driven: Video Review: The 2017 Honda CR-V Stays True to Its Mainstream Roots Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note T Magazine » Couture Shows: Maison Margiela and Valentino My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Cass Bird What Does ‘Couture’ Actually Mean? Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! Talk to The Times: Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Insider Podcasts: Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Real Estate » What I Love A Theater Actor Finds a Place for All His Props By JOANNE KAUFMAN For Max von Essen, owning an apartment in New York was the first step. Then came the furnishings and the renovations — one for every show. More Articles in the Series Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Microsoft bringing ‘Game Mode’ to enhance PC gaming experience Microsoft bringing ‘Game Mode’ to enhance PC gaming experience Microsoft is working on a new "Game Mode" feature for Windows 10 that will enhance the PC gaming experience of users making it run faster. By: IANS | New York | Updated: January 14, 2017 2:24 pm Microsoft acquired Beam, a live streaming video platform that focuses on video gaming. (Picture for representation, Source : Reuters) Microsoft is working on a new “Game Mode” feature for Windows 10 that will enhance the PC gaming experience of users making it run faster. The company will also release “Arena” on Xbox Live, where you can play in organised tournaments or create your own, making eSports available for everyone. In 2016, Microsoft acquired Beam, a live streaming video platform that focuses on video gaming, including playthroughs of video games and allows viewers to interact with the streams. “We are building Beam as a feature of Xbox One and Windows 10, making Beam one of the easiest and quickest ways to stream your gameplay,” Mike Ybarra, head, Platform Engineering, Xbox, said in a statement. Also Read:  Personal computing crucial to India’s knowledge economy vision: Intel Beam will connect to your Xbox Live account, making it easy to stream your favourite games to Beam and your Xbox Live community. No extra software is needed and viewers anywhere will be able to watch your streams and interact with your broadcast. The company is also adding updates to the Activity Feed, so you can connect and share more with your gaming friends. Also Read: Seasonality, demonetisation to keep Indian Personal Computer market sluggish: IDC “With additional improvements to ‘Clubs’ and ‘Looking For Group’ (LFG), like better moderator tools for Clubs and the ability to share LFG posts in your feed, we are making it even easier to seek out players for any game on Xbox and Windows 10, and join communities of gamers like you,” Ybarra added. Tags: microsoft Xbox Budget 2017 BusinessArun Jaitley should focus on job creation in Budget: Rating agency Crisil Budget must be presented after assembly elections: Akhilesh Yadav writes to PM Modi OpinionLook at budget algebra, not math Best of Express ElectionsLive updates: Want to end politics of anger perpetuated by RSS-BJP, says Rahul Gandhi EntertainmentRaees box office collection day 4: Shah Rukh Khan film collects Rs 75.44 crore EntertainmentBigg Boss 10 finalist Manu Punjabi quits the show for Rs 10 lakhs. Find out more EntertainmentKaran Johar's perfect reply after troll asks Anurag Kashyap to 'stop sleeping' with Karan EntertainmentFrom Salman's performance to Manveer, Bani, Lopamudra, Manu's acts, everything about Bigg Boss 10 finale Must Read SportsAustralian Open Live: Federer vs Nadal soon SportsRoger vs Rafa brings romance back to the sport SportsIndia U19 team physical fitness trainer found dead TechnologyTrump's immigration order: Google, Apple, Microsoft and other tech companies protest TechnologyAn iPhone made in America? Not that simple TechnologyFacebook makes changes to Trending Topics to fight fake news LifestyleNow, a hormone in brain that can trigger fat burning: Study Jan 29: Latest News New analytical procedure can quickly identify bacteria in hospitals Learning from Shah Rukh Khan most special experience for Fan star Shriya Pilgaonkar PM Modi Faridkot rally Live updates: One leader is disrespecting Punjab’s youths by calling them drug addicts Donald Trump gives US military 30 days to prepare anti-ISIS strategy We are still in shock: BCCI post Rajesh Sawant’s death                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Weekly Round up – HTC U Ultra, HTC U Play, Lenovo P2, Huawei P8 Lite and more This week HTC announced HTC U Ultra, U Play smartphones, Nintendo Switch price was revealed, Lenovo launched P2 smartphone in India, Bose launched SoundTouch 300 soundbar and more. Check out all the announcements and launches from this week in our roundup. HTC announced U Ultra smartphone that sports 5.7-inch Quad HD display, 2-inch 520 PPI secondary touch-screen display above the main display. The phone is powered by Snapdragon 821 processor, comes with 4GB RAM, 64/128GB internal storage and runs Android 7.0. It has a 12MP rear camera and 16MP front camera. It comes in Sapphire Blue, Comestic Pink, Brilliant Black and Ice White colors and will be available for pre-order from htc.com for $750. HTC also announced U Play that sports 5.2-inch 1080p display and is powered by MediaTek Helio P10 processor. The phone runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow and is available in 3GB RAM with 32GB storage, 4GB RAM with 64GB internal storage options. It has 16MP rear and 16MP front camera and sports a fingerprint sensor. Huawei announced P8 Lite 2017 that features a 5.2-inch 1080p 2.5D curved glass screen, is powered by an Octa-Core Kirin 655 16nm processor and runs on Android 7.0 (Nougat) with EMUI 5.0. It has a 12-megapixel camera with LED flash and a 8-megapixel front-facing camera. Wileyfox, UK based smartphone brand has announced Swift 2X smartphone thatsports a 5.2-inch 1080p display and is powered by Octa-Core Snapdragon 430 SoC. It comes with 3GB RAM, fingerprint sensor, 16MP rear and 8MP front camera. Nintendo Switch game console will launch on March 3 for $299.99. Announced in October last year, Switch comes with two detachable, one-handed controllers that and a Switch Dock for connecting it to TV. It is powered by custom Tegra processor. Gionee has announced Steel 2 smartphone with 5-inch display, a quad-core MediaTek MT6737. The phone runs on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) with Amigo 3.5 UI and It packs a huge 4000mAh battery  3GB RAM, fingerprint sensor, 4G VoLTE. LeEco has introduced Liveman C1, its first action camera that has a 1.8-inch touchscreen display, is capable of recording 4K video and is also dust, water and shockproof. It comes with a 16 mega-pixel sensor with 140 degree wide-angle lens, and G-sensor for automatic video recording when movement is sensed Bose has launched SoundTouch 300 soundbar in India for Rs. 69999. supports Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and NFC for easy pairing.  You can get it from Amazon.in. Swipe has launched Konnect Grand smartphone which comes with 5-inch FWVGA display, is powered by a 1.2 GHz quad-core processor and runs on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow). It has a 5-megapixel rear camera with LED flash and a 2-megapixel front-facing camera. It has dual SIM support and 3G connectivity. Lenovo launched P2 smartphone in India that sports a 5.5-inch 1080p AMOLED screen, is powered by an Octa-Core Snapdragon 625 processor and runs Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow). It has 13MP rear, 5MP front camera and a fingerprint sensor. The Lenovo P2 comes in Champagne gold and Graphite gray colors, is priced at Rs. 16,999 for the 3GB RAM variant and the 4GB RAM variant costs Rs. 17,999. Asus launched R558UQ notebook that features a 15.6-inch display, Intel Core i7-7500U processor and comes wiih 8GB of RAM or Intel Core i5-7200U with  4GB of RAM. It comes in Matt Golden, Glossy Dark Brown, Red and Dark Blue colors, is priced at Rs. 59,990 and Rs 48,990 for the Core i7 and Core i5 variants, respectively. It is available from retail stores as well as online retailers such as Amazon.in and Flipkart. Samsung launched Gear S3 classic and Gear S3 frontier launched in India for Rs. 28500. Both the watches sport a 1.3-inch (360×360 pixels) Circular Super AMOLED Always On display, 278ppi has a 1GHz Dual-Core processor, 768MB RAM, 4GB internal memory. They run on Tizen based wearable platform 2.3.2. Both the watches will go on sale in India from January 18th. UIMI has launched U8 15600mAh power bank that comes with LED torch light. It comes in Golden and Black Colors and is priced at Rs. 2,299 (MRP), but UIMI says that it will be available for Rs. 999 (MOP). However you can’t find it on online retail sites like Amazon.in, Flipkart and other online retail sites for less than Rs. 1,110. "Weekly Round up - HTC U Ultra, HTC U Play, Lenovo P2, Huawei P8 Lite and more", 1 out of 5 based on 12 ratings. Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using Nexus 5X but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on January 14, 2017Categories Roundup Post navigation Previous Previous post: Nokia 8 surfaces , Samsung Galaxy S7 / S7 edge gets Android Nougat and more – FoneArena Daily Next Next post: Andy Rubin reportedly working on high-end smartphone with bezel-less display Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Samsung Gear S3 Classic Unboxing Swipe Elite Power with 5.5-inch HD display, 4G VoLTE, 4000mAh battery launching on Jan 31 for Rs. 6999 Lava X41+ with 5-inch display, 4G VoLTE launched for Rs. 8999 Flappy Bird creator releases Ninja Spinki Challenges for Android, iPhone and iPad LG Watch Style Android Wear 2.0 smartwatch press images surface ahead of February announcement Weekly Round up – Honor 6X, Vivo V5 Plus, Lenovo K6 Power 4GB RAM version and more ZTE India teases new smartphone launch on Feb 3, could be Blade A2 Plus with 5000mAh battery Sony might announce five Xperia smartphones at MWC 2017 BlackBerry’s upcoming Dual SIM Android smartphone with Snapdragon 425 surfaces JDI introduces 5.5-inch Full HD flexible LCD display for smartphones CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Syria's Suffering Families San Bernardino Shooting TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Inspiring America Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement News U.S. news World Investigations Crime & Courts Asian America Latino NBCBLK News Jan 13 2017, 7:16 pm ET Senate Intelligence Committee to Probe Russian Intel Activities by Phil Helsel Share Share Tweet Share Comment Email Print advertisement Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed Trump is Not a Legitimate President: Civil Rights Icon Rep. John Lewis 2:01 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/854644291867" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> The Senate Select Committee on Intelligence said it will conduct a bipartisan inquiry into possible Russian intelligence agencies' involvement in the U.S. election, and the probe's scope includes interviewing officials in the Obama and Trump administrations. "We believe that it is critical to have a full understanding of the scope of Russian intelligence activities impacting the United States," committee chairman Sen. Richard Burr and vice chairman Sen. Mark Warner said in a statement. Sen. Mark R. Warner, Vice Chair of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, and Sen. Richard Burr, Chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, speak during the Senate Intelligence Committee on Capitol Hill on Jan. 10 in Washington, D.C. Joe Raedle / Getty Images The inquiry will include "any intelligence regarding links between Russia and individuals associated with political campaigns," the committee said. The Senate committee plans to "interview senior officials of both the outgoing and incoming administrations including the issuance of subpoenas if necessary to compel testimony." The probe comes after U.S. intelligence agencies concluded that the Russian government was likely involved in a covert campaign to interfere in the U.S. election and carry out cyber-attacks on Democratic Party organizations. Related: White House Says It Didn't Coordinate Flynn Call to Russian Ambassador The statement by Burr, a Republican, and Warner, a Democrat, said "the committee will follow the intelligence wherever it leads." Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed David Ignatius on Russia's Shadow over Trump Presidency 6:55 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/854577219540" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> President-elect Donald Trump had cast doubt on U.S. intelligence assessments that Russia was involved, but on Wednesday he said at a press conference, "As far as hacking, I think it's Russia." Russia has denied any involvement. Related: FBI Comey's Told Trump About Russia Dossier After Intel Briefing The allegations of Russian attempts to interfere in the U.S. presidential election has caused some opponents to doubt the legitimacy of Trump's impending presidency, while Trump and other Republicans have repeated that any Russian campaign did not affect the outcome. On Friday Democratic Rep. John Lewis, a civil rights leader, told NBC's "Meet the Press" that "I don't see this president-elect as a legitimate president," citing the alleged Russian campaign. Phil Helsel Twitter Email Topics U.S. news, Politics News First Published Jan 13 2017, 7:15 pm ET Next Story Chicago Police Department Goes High-Tech to Fight Rise in Killings advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Skip to main content area You can close this video in 5 seconds.   LIVE SMARTER THE AUTOMATOR Smart Shopping BIG QUESTIONS Lists VIDEOS QUIZZES STORE PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections LIVE SMARTER THE AUTOMATOR SMART SHOPPING BIG QUESTIONS LISTS VIDEOS QUIZZES PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections STORE 7 CES Tech Innovations and What They Mean For You, the Humble Consumer Share Nick Greene filed under: gadgets, technology Image credit:  Nick Greene Like us on Facebook Last week, over 170,000 people converged on Las Vegas for the annual Consumer Electronics Show, an event that showcases the latest and greatest in tech gadgetry. Think of it like a giant Best Buy that's incredibly crowded and filled with a bunch of stuff you can’t purchase yet. CES is open only to people involved in the electronics industry like retailers and buyers, and esteemed members of the unflinching press like yours truly. The name CES is actually rather deceiving, as the consumer class (a.k.a. "general public") is not permitted. The show’s organizers take great pride in the pedigree of its attendees, a fact made evident on the CES website where they boast that 68,331 senior-level executives attended last year, which is, in their words, “roughly the same number of works of art in the Louvre Museum.” Plenty of groundbreaking technologies have made their debuts at CES (which itself debuted in 1967), including the VCR (1970), CD players (1981), Nintendo Entertainment System (1985), and Blu-ray DVD (2003). This year, more than 3000 companies exhibited their wares and filled some 2.4 million square feet of floor space inside the multiple halls and wings of the Las Vegas Convention Center, as well as a few satellite areas in nearby hotels. The slogan for CES 2017 was “Innovators Always Think Ahead.” What kind of innovations do consumers have to look forward to this year? To find out I headed to Las Vegas, and I was sure to pack a heavy sense of contempt for the past so I could fit in amongst all the innovators. 1. “SMART” APPLIANCES What makes an appliance “smart”? A few years ago, all companies had to do was throw giant TVs on their refrigerators and they were all set. In 2017, however, you need to do a little more. Take, for example, the scene at LG’s exhibition space, which was the most crowded one I encountered. There was a legitimate crush to see washing machines that could do two loads of laundry at a time. It was like the Beatles at Shea Stadium (if John Lennon had been wearing a lanyard and LG-embroidered polo shirt). What caught my eye was a refrigerator dubbed the LG InstaView™ Door-in-Door. Sure, it has a sizable TV on its door, but this is a special TV. It’s a translucent tinted LED panel, and knocking on it twice activates an interior light that lets you see what’s inside. The LED panel also works as a giant computer touchscreen, and there are internet-connected cameras inside the fridge so you can watch livestreams of your food from your mobile phone while on the go. The refrigerator is connected to Amazon’s Alexa AI assistant because, as I quickly learned at CES, everything needs to be a talking robot now. When our civilization inevitably crumbles, future archeologists will dig up this refrigerator and have no idea that it’s actually just a big box that keeps things cold. This is an appliance for eccentric weirdos, and I love it. If you can convince yourself that you need to watch your leftovers via smartphone app, then you'll love it, too. 2. TELEVISIONS TVs are CES’s bread and butter. Televisions with integrated circuits debuted at the first CES in 1967, and since then HDTV (1998), Plasma TV (2001), OLED TV (2008), 3D TV (2010) and have had their coming-out parties at the event. What was the hot new TV trend this year? I couldn’t really tell. I can report that curved TVs are still a thing, which is nice if you’re into that. There was also this sphere HD TV, which I guess is for people who want to take curved TVs to their natural conclusion: If you plan on buying this television, you may want to save this handy link. It’s a website that calculates the visible fraction of a sphere’s total surface area, because this TV was designed to obscure the majority of its screen from viewers. Apart from that, it looks like TVs are continuing the trend of being flat and high definition. There aren’t many ways of showing that off, though plenty of companies tried their best. For example, Chinese electronics manufacturer ChangHong highlighted their TVs by having attendees play a game where you control a dolphin via “non-contact neuro bio monitor” (a device that reads and interprets brainwaves). I was unable to partake because the line was too long, but I observed enough to know I am not ready for this experience. One man stared at his little dolphin with such concentration that I thought his head was going to explode. After a minute or so of this intense mind-meld, the little animated dolphin moved a few inches and the man removed his arm band and handed it to the booth attendant. Visibly shaken, he muttered, “So … loud here … can’t concentrate … on … dolphin,” before wandering off into the crowd, I assume never to be seen again. 3. DRONES Drones were huge at CES this year. You couldn’t walk five feet without hearing the unmistakable high-pitched whirr of a quadcopter buzzing by. Of course, people weren’t allowed to pilot drones out in the open—that would be dangerous! Instead, every drone demonstration was performed inside one of the many drone cages that dotted the convention floor. These made the entire trade show feel as if it were some sort of human zoo, where attendees could gawk at the bipedal monsters who had nothing but remote-controlled mini-copters to keep themselves entertained all day inside their inescapable pens. Drones weren’t limited to the sky. A company called PowerVision unveiled their underwater maneuverable robot, which is designed to work as a scout camera for fishermen. Footage is relayed to an above-water screen, and the user can tow his or her lure to locations that have lots of fish. The company touts it as a chance to “Change the Fishing World,” which it undoubtedly will until marine life evolves to protect itself against advanced submersible robotics. 4. VIRTUAL REALITY If drones were big at CES this year, then VR was gargantuan. I’d venture to guess that at any given moment during the convention, 10 percent of attendees were wearing virtual reality goggles. Reality’s market share is dwindling, and it is not inconceivable to think that in 15 years there won’t even be a CES in Las Vegas; everyone will attend from the comfort of their living rooms. My first encounter with VR at CES was at the Intel exhibit area, where a long line of attendees patiently waited to partake in whatever this was: I think it was somehow related to Power Rangers because the emcee yelled, “You guys ready to go into the world of Power Rangers?” as the people sat there. Plenty of products that have nothing to do with virtual reality used the technology in some aspect of their display marketing, and this accounted for much of VR’s presence at CES. For example, the photo below was taken at the Hyundai exhibit. Hyundai is not releasing a VR helmet; I believe this was part of a parallel parking simulator: Elsewhere, I waited in line for 10 minutes to try out Magna’s Hololens augmented reality demonstration, which amounted to little more than a PowerPoint slideshow about the company’s business strategy and product plan. (I think they make automobile parts). I did play one enchanting VR game, however. It was from the Tsinghua Tongfang Company, and in it players scale a steep mountain using two pick axes (the controllers). It was a whole lot of fun, and looking down at the steep rock face was so dizzying that I almost lost my footing. Before summiting I unfortunately missed a rope hold and plummeted to my death, which was a rather relaxing experience thanks to the beautiful CGI mountain range and the comforting knowledge that I was not actually going to die. Afterwards I felt a little queasy and almost fell into a drone cage, but that did nothing to diminish the rock-climbing game’s status as the most pleasurable experience I had with VR at CES. 5. PHONE CASES Virtual reality was huge at CES, but not as big as phone cases. If the Las Vegas Convention Center was the Earth, and drones and VR served as its land, then the oceans would be phone cases—they were everywhere. There are only a few ways to differentiate yourself from your competition if you’re selling these products, and the endless rows of phone case booths blurred together. Peppiness certainly was a theme, and all the large-format advertorial photos at these displays depicted groups of attractive young men and women absolutely beaming at their phone cases. At one booth, a man dropped an egg on “an exaggerated” version of his company's proprietary phone case material. As someone who encounters repeated eggings year-round, he certainly got my attention. There were also phone cases that looked like prescription pill bottles. I choose to believe this is trenchant commentary on how our society-wide addiction to phones is killing us. (I’m not sure what the blinged-out Daffy Duck is supposed to represent. The dangers of government surveillance maybe?) 6. THIS MODEL TRAIN I became extremely excited when I saw this at the Canon booth, as I thought it meant model trains were making a comeback. Alas, it was there to demonstrate their cameras' new motion focus feature, which was far less fun than the train itself. 7. EVERYTHING ELSE The promise of driverless cars was a major theme at CES, representing perhaps the single most important technological advancement we will experience in our lifetimes. We can only begin to understand the effects these cars will have on our society as a whole, and the possibilities are tantalizing. There are very impressive self-driving cars currently on the road, like Teslas that can drive around and park themselves, but these still require an alert human at the wheel. There were plenty of self-driving cars at CES, while any true driverless cars were just ambitious prototypes whose full functionality is still beyond our reach. This may be why, in the video above, you can clearly see a guy using his steering wheel at a self-driving car exhibit. If driverless cars are still the not-quite-immediate future, what do consumers have to look forward to in 2017? How about Christmas lights that play music? “This is the most exciting marriage of sound and light since God invented thunder!” I said to myself at this display for Bluetooth speaker-connected Christmas lights from Bright Tunes. No one else was around, and I could have stolen a dozen. (I didn't.) There is a logic behind this invention: People play music during the holidays, and people also hang up lights. But why stop there? Are you really making us wait until CES 2018 to unveil the Wi-Fi-enabled eggnog drone and mistletoe camera? If that doesn't float your boat, the Swagtron booth had self-balancing electric scooters, which, according to the headline of this glowing review, are the "Hoverboard[s] That WON’T Go On Fire!" I am happy to report that I didn’t witness a single fire in the five minutes I spent at the Swagtron exhibit space, where helmeted models spun around on neon-lit hoverboards to a blaring electro soundtrack. The future of consumer electronics truly is dizzying. All photos and videos by Nick Greene. More from mental_floss...  What Causes Late Night Snack Cravings?  How Cereal Transformed American Culture  Our Interview with Calvin and Hobbes Creator Bill Watterson!  20 Gentle Quotations from Mister Rogers January 13, 2017 - 8:00pm Share Nick Greene NickGreene Nick Greene is Editor-at-Large for MentalFloss.com. He has written about trying to ride the entire New York Subway system in one day, surviving the apocalypse without a spare set of contact lenses, and whether or not Elvis was actually any good at karate. Originally from Chicago, he currently lives in Oakland, California. View the discussion thread. . POPULAR ON mental_floss Viewed Past: 1 day 1 week 1 month 1 year POPULAR ON mental_floss There's a Wire Above Manhattan That You've Probably Never Noticed Why Are McDonald's McFlurry Machines Always Down? Dead Air: The Talk Show Guest Who Died on Dick Cavett's Stage POPULAR ON mental_floss 4 Historical Royal Birthing Traditions 15 Awfully Big Facts About 'The Mary Tyler Moore Show' What Forrest Gump Said at the Vietnam Protest March POPULAR ON mental_floss How Do Wizards Poop? J.K. Rowling Just Told Us 9 Songs That Weren’t Supposed to Be Big Hits 11 Times the Doomsday Clock Time Has Been Adjusted POPULAR ON mental_floss The Hidden Room Behind Mount Rushmore 12 Facts About Frank Lloyd Wright's Fallingwater The Best Time to Buy a Plane Ticket POPULAR ON mental_floss 7 Apps to Download to Learn a New Hobby It’s Official: Ben & Jerry’s Bourbon Ice Cream Is Coming to Stores Name the U.S. States Without the Letter 'E' POPULAR ON mental_floss 10 Ways to Master the Danish Art of Hygge in Your Home Show & Tell: A Sack Filled With an Enslaved Mother’s Love Torture Your Valentine With This Passive-Aggressive Card NEWSLETTER A super-skimmable daily digest. Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Subscribe To Our Newsletter A super-skimmable Daily Digest filled with fun stories from our editors. About Privacy Authors RSS Terms Contact Customer Service Store ©2016 Mental Floss, Inc. All rights reserved. Mental Floss® is a registered trademark owned by Felix Dennis. mentalfloss.com is a trademark owned by Felix Dennis.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Twelve things you need to know about driverless cars The Guardian James Silver 1/15/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Colleges that have produced the most billionaires The most outrageous CEO salaries and perks © Provided by Guardian News The Honda NeuV concept vehicle From forecourt to scrapyard, a new car in the UK lasts an average of 13.9 years, which is why if you got one today, it might very well be the last car you buy. Over the next decade, accelerating autonomous driving technology, including advances in artificial intelligence, sensors, cameras, radar and data analytics, are set to transform not only how we drive (or, indeed, are driven), but the notion of car ownership itself. “Autonomous driving has become the next major battlefield for the car industry,” says Luca Mentuccia, automotive global MD at Accenture. The six levels of automation, defined under international standards by the Society of Automotive Engineers, range from “no automation” to “full automation”, explains Sven Raeymaekers, of tech investment banker GP Bullhound. “If you look at the most recent predictions, the majority of car manufacturers estimate the first highly to fully automated vehicles [AVs] will hit the market between 2020-2025,” he says.  When they do, regulatory approval permitting, their most significant impact is likely to be in the area of urban mobility. “AVs will enable new service configurations where consumers are delivered door to door with virtually no stops in a comfortable vehicle with just one to three other passengers,” says Stan Boland, CEO of FiveAI, which builds AI-driven software for AVs and is one of the companies testing autonomous vehicles on UK roads in 2017, alongside major manufacturers including Volvo and Ford.  Such services will be safer, reduce pollution and congestion, and will also bring about a paradigm shift in personal vehicle ownership rates, which are likely to decline steeply, he says. A recent survey of car manufacturing executives by KPMG similarly revealed that 59% of industry bosses believe that more than half of all car owners today will no longer want to own a car by 2025. So how exactly will we be getting about by the end of the next decade? Will automation really “solve” crashes, and what other sorts of AVs are we likely to see on our roads? The Observer asked a panel of experts about the likely realities and practicalities of driving in the year 2030. Will I be a driver or a passenger? You’ll have a choice, says Dr Nick Reed, academy director at transport consultancy TRL. “If you want to drive an MG and enjoy that, you’ll be able to. Or if you want to prepare for a business meeting during your two-hour journey, you’ll be able to do that too. Automation systems give us choices.” Nikolaus Lang, of the Boston Consulting Group’s Centre for Digital in Automotive, argues it will depend on the vehicle you’re in. “By 2030, you’ll be a ‘controlling passenger’ in your private self-driving car and you’ll be a ‘complete passenger’ in a robo-taxi.” Will it still make sense to own a car or will I rent one (on demand)? Instead of today’s car ownership model, we are far more likely to rely on “mobility as a service” by 2030, says Boland. “Imagine an Uber-like service you can summon at the touch of a button, but without a driver. Renting is not necessarily the right word – consumers will buy a service like using an Uber today, but with a wider range of vehicle configurations to suit different types of travel – family outings, long-distance sleeper travel, or shared commutes.” However, Lang points out that there’s a clear difference between a young urban population, for whom owning cars makes little sense, and the millions of suburbanites with families, who will probably still opt to own. Will there still be crashes? A 2008 survey by the US National Highway Traffic Safety Administration found that human error is the critical reason for 93% of crashes, says Boland. “When you eliminate human error, our roads become dramatically safer: no more drink-driving, phone calls at the wheel, carelessness, inattention or plain bad driving. Clearly there needs to be adequate industry testing to ensure that AVs are safe for all other road users, but we can look forward to far safer roads as human drivers become a thing of the past.” Will all cars be electric? “I don’t think all of them will be electric by 2030,” says Danny Shapiro, senior director at NVIDIA, whose AI computer platform powers the supercomputer in Tesla vehicles. “Virtually every startup is looking at electric, and you have ever greater electric and hybrid focus from German, Japanese and US [manufacturers]. But at the same time there’s still a huge oil infrastructure. And, at least for the next four years, there’s a very pro-oil administration in the US.” Yet Bosch is developing a lithium iron solid state battery that they hope will double the range of electric vehicles at half the cost of today’s batteries, which Steffen Hoffmann, the corporation’s UK president, believes will increase take-up among those who live in the suburbs and beyond. “We have a projection that by 2025, globally 15% of vehicles are going to have an electric component, whether that’s a pure electric vehicle, a plug-in hybrid or full hybrid,” he says. “For western Europe, that percentage would obviously be higher.” Will there still be driving tests? “Yes,” says Reed. “But they might be very different, with different layers. Just as you have an automatic and a manual gearbox test today, there might be an automated driving test which may only entitle you to ‘drive’ a certain type of vehicle that has certain automation systems, rather than any vehicle. Drivers will need to understand how to operate those systems – so there may also be different skills required as part of the test.” Will there be less gridlock? “With a heterogeneous mix of vehicle configurations and on-demand service delivery, autonomous vehicles will enable a higher density of passengers per road mile,” says Boland. “Also, because AVs can travel safely closer together, and with less braking and accelerating than human drivers, traffic will flow more smoothly and congestion will decrease. On motorways more vehicles will be able to fit safely into the same length of road, effectively increasing capacity”. Shapiro adds that another key cause of congestion is accidents. “Even if [the accident] isn’t blocking lanes, the traffic slows down to see what’s going on. So self-driving cars will not only enable more efficient flow, but they’ll remove the accident side of congestion [as there will be fewer of them].” Will automated vehicles be vulnerable to hackers? By definition, a driverless car has more control units, computing power, lines of code, and wireless connections with the outside world than a regular car today, which is why it’s more vulnerable to hackers, explains Andy Birnie, systems engineering manager at NXP Semiconductors. “A hacker can potentially take control of the car, through exploitation of a weakness, and could cause the vehicle to refuse to start, or to crash, or it could exploit the privacy of the driver, and [their] data, including financial information.” However, a shift in the approach to security is under way, he says. “There is now more focus on the basics – applying good fundamental security to the critical areas including the interfaces that connect the vehicle to the external world; gateways, which separate safety critical systems from other car and infotainment systems; and networks that provide secure communication between control units – there can be over 150 in an autonomous vehicle.” In addition, major advances to security include “over-the-air” software updates that can patch vulnerabilities seamlessly in real time, Birnie says. Will I still need insurance (as a vehicle owner)? “Yes,” says Niall Edwards, partner at international law firm Kennedys. Fully autonomous vehicles are likely to be considered a different class of vehicle that requires additional compulsory insurance cover, he says. “The most likely product will be a package underwritten by a motor insurer that the manufacturer offers at the point of purchase, use or hire.” One possibility is that new vehicles fitted with advanced-driver technology will automatically come with a form of product liability and extended cover provided by the manufacturer. The good news, says Allianz UK’s Glen Clarke, is that because semi- and fully autonomous cars are expected to lead to a fall in accidents, we are likely to see a drop in premiums. “The price you pay will be much more influenced by the technical capabilities of the car as opposed to estimations of the riskiness of the driver.” How will the law adapt to autonomous vehicles? Currently, UK law anticipates the existence of a “driver” who is in control of the vehicle at all times, says Rachel Moore, also a partner at Kennedys. Regulations on vehicle use will therefore need to be revised to allow the use of automotive technology without a driver and – crucially – to ensure that the technology is maintained correctly. To start with, Moore continues, the Road Traffic Act (1988) is likely to be amended to include product liability for automated vehicles. “Other changes will be required, including to the Highway Code and international regulations on vehicle use. We may also see changes to the MOT to check roadworthiness.” Do AVs reduce the risks for pedestrians and cyclists? We’re only at the start of understanding how pedestrians and cyclists will interact with a vehicle that doesn’t have a human driver at the controls, says Reed. “Whether a pedestrian will be able to detect whether a car is automated or not, and adapt their behaviour accordingly, we still don’t know.” Lang argues that there’s a risk, initially at least, that pedestrians and cyclists may try to “test” AVs to see how they react. “In Singapore, they are currently testing autonomous vehicles in public parks and they tell us that the large majority of incidents [near misses] are not due to the vehicles malfunctioning, but to people jumping in front of the cars to test whether they stop in time.” Mixed traffic carries risk, he continues, just as there may be risks associated with behavioural patterns we cannot foresee. “As with any new technology, there will be failures and even fatalities, but the overall benefits – in terms of [estimated] 90% fewer accidents, 40% less congestion, up to 80% less emissions, and 50% of parking space saved – are so substantial that the technological development will prevail.” What other autonomous vehicles might we see on our roads? From vertical take-off and landing “flying car” prototypes to “sidewalk robots” and delivery drones, by 2030 our roads and pavements may have begun to resemble a scene from Blade Runner. “Driverless trucks are already being tested around the world, with Daimler testing on public roads in the US and Germany in 2016,” says Boland. Bosch meanwhile, envisages that a truck will become “a 40-tonne smart device on wheels” by 2025. “[The trucks] will receive all the data they need in real time from the Bosch IoT cloud, including information on the route, congestion, detours, and unloading facilities at the destination,” says Hoffmann. “This will allow the driver to get on with other things [such as processing shipping documents], while the truck drives itself.” Car v tech giants: who will win? Today’s AV sector is a crowded space. It’s estimated that at least 33 tech and auto corporations, ranging from Apple to Chinese bus manufacturer Yutong – via the likes of Audi, BMW, Google, Honda, Intel, Tesla, Uber and Volkswagen – are currently developing AV technology. With the $2tn global car industry in the throes of transformation due to a perfect storm of digitisation, AI/automation and changes in consumer behaviour – such as the rise of on-demand taxi services in urban centres – it’s not difficult to see why car manufacturers, tech companies and investors are scrambling for territory, fearful of being left out. “All this change creates both risk and opportunity for incumbents,” says GP Bullhound’s Sven Raeymaekers. So who does he see coming out on top? “Some pundits claim that since the car industry has historically only focused on the internal combustion engine and shell design, it has no chance against the tsunami of software moving towards their shores. But so many industries have already suffered from this onslaught, and the automakers have no plans to see history repeat itself,” he says. “Across the board, major players – Renault-Nissan, Ford, BMW, Daimler and GM, to name a few - are investing in and developing their own technologies, hiring talent or acquiring startups. From GM investing $500m in Lyft to the creation of Ford Smart Mobility, every single big manufacturer is looking to innovate and adapt.” Besides, any notion of a race between tech firms and traditional car makers is a false perception, argues Accenture’s Luca Mentuccia. He predicts a surge of strategic cooperation instead. “We will see even more cross-industry partnerships for autonomous driving in the future in which car makers and a large range of tech firms from chipmakers to big data specialists, telcos and mobility platforms will work together.” Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Guardian 'Penelope-gate' casts dark shadow over Fillon's presidential prospects The Guardian Makhado mine: Flashpoint for tensions over South Africa's pro-coal policies The Guardian Foundations of 2000-year-old Roman houses found under park The Guardian Syrian refugee children reduced to selling on Beirut's streets to feed their families The Guardian The Guardian View the Full Site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News World Report President Trump Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Twelve things you need to know about driverless cars The Guardian James Silver 15/01/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Why Ikea's refugee shelter won design of the year Trump's ban: May 'does not agree' and will intervene if Brits are affected © Provided by Guardian News The Honda NeuV concept vehicle From forecourt to scrapyard, a new car in the UK lasts an average of 13.9 years, which is why if you got one today, it might very well be the last car you buy. Over the next decade, accelerating autonomous driving technology, including advances in artificial intelligence, sensors, cameras, radar and data analytics, are set to transform not only how we drive (or, indeed, are driven), but the notion of car ownership itself. “Autonomous driving has become the next major battlefield for the car industry,” says Luca Mentuccia, automotive global MD at Accenture. The six levels of automation, defined under international standards by the Society of Automotive Engineers, range from “no automation” to “full automation”, explains Sven Raeymaekers, of tech investment banker GP Bullhound. “If you look at the most recent predictions, the majority of car manufacturers estimate the first highly to fully automated vehicles [AVs] will hit the market between 2020-2025,” he says.  When they do, regulatory approval permitting, their most significant impact is likely to be in the area of urban mobility. “AVs will enable new service configurations where consumers are delivered door to door with virtually no stops in a comfortable vehicle with just one to three other passengers,” says Stan Boland, CEO of FiveAI, which builds AI-driven software for AVs and is one of the companies testing autonomous vehicles on UK roads in 2017, alongside major manufacturers including Volvo and Ford.  Such services will be safer, reduce pollution and congestion, and will also bring about a paradigm shift in personal vehicle ownership rates, which are likely to decline steeply, he says. A recent survey of car manufacturing executives by KPMG similarly revealed that 59% of industry bosses believe that more than half of all car owners today will no longer want to own a car by 2025. So how exactly will we be getting about by the end of the next decade? Will automation really “solve” crashes, and what other sorts of AVs are we likely to see on our roads? The Observer asked a panel of experts about the likely realities and practicalities of driving in the year 2030. Will I be a driver or a passenger? You’ll have a choice, says Dr Nick Reed, academy director at transport consultancy TRL. “If you want to drive an MG and enjoy that, you’ll be able to. Or if you want to prepare for a business meeting during your two-hour journey, you’ll be able to do that too. Automation systems give us choices.” Nikolaus Lang, of the Boston Consulting Group’s Centre for Digital in Automotive, argues it will depend on the vehicle you’re in. “By 2030, you’ll be a ‘controlling passenger’ in your private self-driving car and you’ll be a ‘complete passenger’ in a robo-taxi.” Will it still make sense to own a car or will I rent one (on demand)? Instead of today’s car ownership model, we are far more likely to rely on “mobility as a service” by 2030, says Boland. “Imagine an Uber-like service you can summon at the touch of a button, but without a driver. Renting is not necessarily the right word – consumers will buy a service like using an Uber today, but with a wider range of vehicle configurations to suit different types of travel – family outings, long-distance sleeper travel, or shared commutes.” However, Lang points out that there’s a clear difference between a young urban population, for whom owning cars makes little sense, and the millions of suburbanites with families, who will probably still opt to own. Will there still be crashes? A 2008 survey by the US National Highway Traffic Safety Administration found that human error is the critical reason for 93% of crashes, says Boland. “When you eliminate human error, our roads become dramatically safer: no more drink-driving, phone calls at the wheel, carelessness, inattention or plain bad driving. Clearly there needs to be adequate industry testing to ensure that AVs are safe for all other road users, but we can look forward to far safer roads as human drivers become a thing of the past.” Will all cars be electric? “I don’t think all of them will be electric by 2030,” says Danny Shapiro, senior director at NVIDIA, whose AI computer platform powers the supercomputer in Tesla vehicles. “Virtually every startup is looking at electric, and you have ever greater electric and hybrid focus from German, Japanese and US [manufacturers]. But at the same time there’s still a huge oil infrastructure. And, at least for the next four years, there’s a very pro-oil administration in the US.” Yet Bosch is developing a lithium iron solid state battery that they hope will double the range of electric vehicles at half the cost of today’s batteries, which Steffen Hoffmann, the corporation’s UK president, believes will increase take-up among those who live in the suburbs and beyond. “We have a projection that by 2025, globally 15% of vehicles are going to have an electric component, whether that’s a pure electric vehicle, a plug-in hybrid or full hybrid,” he says. “For western Europe, that percentage would obviously be higher.” Will there still be driving tests? “Yes,” says Reed. “But they might be very different, with different layers. Just as you have an automatic and a manual gearbox test today, there might be an automated driving test which may only entitle you to ‘drive’ a certain type of vehicle that has certain automation systems, rather than any vehicle. Drivers will need to understand how to operate those systems – so there may also be different skills required as part of the test.” Will there be less gridlock? “With a heterogeneous mix of vehicle configurations and on-demand service delivery, autonomous vehicles will enable a higher density of passengers per road mile,” says Boland. “Also, because AVs can travel safely closer together, and with less braking and accelerating than human drivers, traffic will flow more smoothly and congestion will decrease. On motorways more vehicles will be able to fit safely into the same length of road, effectively increasing capacity”. Shapiro adds that another key cause of congestion is accidents. “Even if [the accident] isn’t blocking lanes, the traffic slows down to see what’s going on. So self-driving cars will not only enable more efficient flow, but they’ll remove the accident side of congestion [as there will be fewer of them].” Will automated vehicles be vulnerable to hackers? By definition, a driverless car has more control units, computing power, lines of code, and wireless connections with the outside world than a regular car today, which is why it’s more vulnerable to hackers, explains Andy Birnie, systems engineering manager at NXP Semiconductors. “A hacker can potentially take control of the car, through exploitation of a weakness, and could cause the vehicle to refuse to start, or to crash, or it could exploit the privacy of the driver, and [their] data, including financial information.” However, a shift in the approach to security is under way, he says. “There is now more focus on the basics – applying good fundamental security to the critical areas including the interfaces that connect the vehicle to the external world; gateways, which separate safety critical systems from other car and infotainment systems; and networks that provide secure communication between control units – there can be over 150 in an autonomous vehicle.” In addition, major advances to security include “over-the-air” software updates that can patch vulnerabilities seamlessly in real time, Birnie says. Will I still need insurance (as a vehicle owner)? “Yes,” says Niall Edwards, partner at international law firm Kennedys. Fully autonomous vehicles are likely to be considered a different class of vehicle that requires additional compulsory insurance cover, he says. “The most likely product will be a package underwritten by a motor insurer that the manufacturer offers at the point of purchase, use or hire.” One possibility is that new vehicles fitted with advanced-driver technology will automatically come with a form of product liability and extended cover provided by the manufacturer. The good news, says Allianz UK’s Glen Clarke, is that because semi- and fully autonomous cars are expected to lead to a fall in accidents, we are likely to see a drop in premiums. “The price you pay will be much more influenced by the technical capabilities of the car as opposed to estimations of the riskiness of the driver.” How will the law adapt to autonomous vehicles? Currently, UK law anticipates the existence of a “driver” who is in control of the vehicle at all times, says Rachel Moore, also a partner at Kennedys. Regulations on vehicle use will therefore need to be revised to allow the use of automotive technology without a driver and – crucially – to ensure that the technology is maintained correctly. To start with, Moore continues, the Road Traffic Act (1988) is likely to be amended to include product liability for automated vehicles. “Other changes will be required, including to the Highway Code and international regulations on vehicle use. We may also see changes to the MOT to check roadworthiness.” Do AVs reduce the risks for pedestrians and cyclists? We’re only at the start of understanding how pedestrians and cyclists will interact with a vehicle that doesn’t have a human driver at the controls, says Reed. “Whether a pedestrian will be able to detect whether a car is automated or not, and adapt their behaviour accordingly, we still don’t know.” Lang argues that there’s a risk, initially at least, that pedestrians and cyclists may try to “test” AVs to see how they react. “In Singapore, they are currently testing autonomous vehicles in public parks and they tell us that the large majority of incidents [near misses] are not due to the vehicles malfunctioning, but to people jumping in front of the cars to test whether they stop in time.” Mixed traffic carries risk, he continues, just as there may be risks associated with behavioural patterns we cannot foresee. “As with any new technology, there will be failures and even fatalities, but the overall benefits – in terms of [estimated] 90% fewer accidents, 40% less congestion, up to 80% less emissions, and 50% of parking space saved – are so substantial that the technological development will prevail.” What other autonomous vehicles might we see on our roads? From vertical take-off and landing “flying car” prototypes to “sidewalk robots” and delivery drones, by 2030 our roads and pavements may have begun to resemble a scene from Blade Runner. “Driverless trucks are already being tested around the world, with Daimler testing on public roads in the US and Germany in 2016,” says Boland. Bosch meanwhile, envisages that a truck will become “a 40-tonne smart device on wheels” by 2025. “[The trucks] will receive all the data they need in real time from the Bosch IoT cloud, including information on the route, congestion, detours, and unloading facilities at the destination,” says Hoffmann. “This will allow the driver to get on with other things [such as processing shipping documents], while the truck drives itself.” Car v tech giants: who will win? Today’s AV sector is a crowded space. It’s estimated that at least 33 tech and auto corporations, ranging from Apple to Chinese bus manufacturer Yutong – via the likes of Audi, BMW, Google, Honda, Intel, Tesla, Uber and Volkswagen – are currently developing AV technology. With the $2tn global car industry in the throes of transformation due to a perfect storm of digitisation, AI/automation and changes in consumer behaviour – such as the rise of on-demand taxi services in urban centres – it’s not difficult to see why car manufacturers, tech companies and investors are scrambling for territory, fearful of being left out. “All this change creates both risk and opportunity for incumbents,” says GP Bullhound’s Sven Raeymaekers. So who does he see coming out on top? “Some pundits claim that since the car industry has historically only focused on the internal combustion engine and shell design, it has no chance against the tsunami of software moving towards their shores. But so many industries have already suffered from this onslaught, and the automakers have no plans to see history repeat itself,” he says. “Across the board, major players – Renault-Nissan, Ford, BMW, Daimler and GM, to name a few - are investing in and developing their own technologies, hiring talent or acquiring startups. From GM investing $500m in Lyft to the creation of Ford Smart Mobility, every single big manufacturer is looking to innovate and adapt.” Besides, any notion of a race between tech firms and traditional car makers is a false perception, argues Accenture’s Luca Mentuccia. He predicts a surge of strategic cooperation instead. “We will see even more cross-industry partnerships for autonomous driving in the future in which car makers and a large range of tech firms from chipmakers to big data specialists, telcos and mobility platforms will work together.” Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from The Guardian 'Penelope-gate' casts dark shadow over Fillon's presidential prospects The Guardian Makhado mine: Flashpoint for tensions over South Africa's pro-coal policies The Guardian Foundations of 2000-year-old Roman houses found under park The Guardian Syrian refugee children reduced to selling on Beirut's streets to feed their families The Guardian The Guardian View the Full Site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Self-driving cars The Observer Twelve things you need to know about driverless cars By 2025 most of today’s drivers are unlikely to even want to own a car. But will we still have gridlock? Will you need to pass a test? We asked the experts The Toyota Concept-i vehicle at the 2017 International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, on 5 January 2017. Photograph: Mike Nelson/EPA James Silver Sunday 15 January 2017 02.30 EST Last modified on Wednesday 18 January 2017 05.52 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close From forecourt to scrapyard, a new car in the UK lasts an average of 13.9 years, which is why if you got one today, it might very well be the last car you buy. Over the next decade, accelerating autonomous driving technology, including advances in artificial intelligence, sensors, cameras, radar and data analytics, are set to transform not only how we drive (or, indeed, are driven), but the notion of car ownership itself. “Autonomous driving has become the next major battlefield for the car industry,” says Luca Mentuccia, automotive global MD at Accenture. The six levels of automation, defined under international standards by the Society of Automotive Engineers, range from “no automation” to “full automation”, explains Sven Raeymaekers, of tech investment banker GP Bullhound. “If you look at the most recent predictions, the majority of car manufacturers estimate the first highly to fully automated vehicles [AVs] will hit the market between 2020-2025,” he says. When they do, regulatory approval permitting, their most significant impact is likely to be in the area of urban mobility. “AVs will enable new service configurations where consumers are delivered door to door with virtually no stops in a comfortable vehicle with just one to three other passengers,” says Stan Boland, CEO of FiveAI, which builds AI-driven software for AVs and is one of the companies testing autonomous vehicles on UK roads in 2017, alongside major manufacturers including Volvo and Ford. How driverless cars could change our whole future | John Naughton Read more Such services will be safer, reduce pollution and congestion, and will also bring about a paradigm shift in personal vehicle ownership rates, which are likely to decline steeply, he says. A recent survey of car manufacturing executives by KPMG similarly revealed that 59% of industry bosses believe that more than half of all car owners today will no longer want to own a car by 2025. So how exactly will we be getting about by the end of the next decade? Will automation really “solve” crashes, and what other sorts of AVs are we likely to see on our roads? The Observer asked a panel of experts about the likely realities and practicalities of driving in the year 2030. Will I be a driver or a passenger? You’ll have a choice, says Dr Nick Reed, academy director at transport consultancy TRL. “If you want to drive an MG and enjoy that, you’ll be able to. Or if you want to prepare for a business meeting during your two-hour journey, you’ll be able to do that too. Automation systems give us choices.” Nikolaus Lang, of the Boston Consulting Group’s Centre for Digital in Automotive, argues it will depend on the vehicle you’re in. “By 2030, you’ll be a ‘controlling passenger’ in your private self-driving car and you’ll be a ‘complete passenger’ in a robo-taxi.” Will it still make sense to own a car or will I rent one (on demand)? Instead of today’s car ownership model, we are far more likely to rely on “mobility as a service” by 2030, says Boland. “Imagine an Uber-like service you can summon at the touch of a button, but without a driver. Renting is not necessarily the right word – consumers will buy a service like using an Uber today, but with a wider range of vehicle configurations to suit different types of travel – family outings, long-distance sleeper travel, or shared commutes.” However, Lang points out that there’s a clear difference between a young urban population, for whom owning cars makes little sense, and the millions of suburbanites with families, who will probably still opt to own. Will there still be crashes? A 2008 survey by the US National Highway Traffic Safety Administration found that human error is the critical reason for 93% of crashes, says Boland. “When you eliminate human error, our roads become dramatically safer: no more drink-driving, phone calls at the wheel, carelessness, inattention or plain bad driving. Clearly there needs to be adequate industry testing to ensure that AVs are safe for all other road users, but we can look forward to far safer roads as human drivers become a thing of the past.” Will all cars be electric? “I don’t think all of them will be electric by 2030,” says Danny Shapiro, senior director at NVIDIA, whose AI computer platform powers the supercomputer in Tesla vehicles. “Virtually every startup is looking at electric, and you have ever greater electric and hybrid focus from German, Japanese and US [manufacturers]. But at the same time there’s still a huge oil infrastructure. And, at least for the next four years, there’s a very pro-oil administration in the US.” Yet Bosch is developing a lithium-ion solid state battery that they hope will double the range of electric vehicles at half the cost of today’s batteries, which Steffen Hoffmann, the corporation’s UK president, believes will increase take-up among those who live in the suburbs and beyond. “We have a projection that by 2025, globally 15% of vehicles are going to have an electric component, whether that’s a pure electric vehicle, a plug-in hybrid or full hybrid,” he says. “For western Europe, that percentage would obviously be higher.” Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Honda NeuV concept vehicle at the International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. Photograph: David Mcnew/AFP/Getty Images Will there still be driving tests? “Yes,” says Reed. “But they might be very different, with different layers. Just as you have an automatic and a manual gearbox test today, there might be an automated driving test which may only entitle you to ‘drive’ a certain type of vehicle that has certain automation systems, rather than any vehicle. Drivers will need to understand how to operate those systems – so there may also be different skills required as part of the test.” Will there be less gridlock? “With a heterogeneous mix of vehicle configurations and on-demand service delivery, autonomous vehicles will enable a higher density of passengers per road mile,” says Boland. “Also, because AVs can travel safely closer together, and with less braking and accelerating than human drivers, traffic will flow more smoothly and congestion will decrease. On motorways more vehicles will be able to fit safely into the same length of road, effectively increasing capacity”. Shapiro adds that another key cause of congestion is accidents. “Even if [the accident] isn’t blocking lanes, the traffic slows down to see what’s going on. So self-driving cars will not only enable more efficient flow, but they’ll remove the accident side of congestion [as there will be fewer of them].” Will automated vehicles be vulnerable to hackers? By definition, a driverless car has more control units, computing power, lines of code, and wireless connections with the outside world than a regular car today, which is why it’s more vulnerable to hackers, explains Andy Birnie, systems engineering manager at NXP Semiconductors. “A hacker can potentially take control of the car, through exploitation of a weakness, and could cause the vehicle to refuse to start, or to crash, or it could exploit the privacy of the driver, and [their] data, including financial information.” However, a shift in the approach to security is under way, he says. “There is now more focus on the basics – applying good fundamental security to the critical areas including the interfaces that connect the vehicle to the external world; gateways, which separate safety critical systems from other car and infotainment systems; and networks that provide secure communication between control units – there can be over 150 in an autonomous vehicle.” In addition, major advances to security include “over-the-air” software updates that can patch vulnerabilities seamlessly in real time, Birnie says. Will I still need insurance (as a vehicle owner)? “Yes,” says Niall Edwards, partner at international law firm Kennedys. Fully autonomous vehicles are likely to be considered a different class of vehicle that requires additional compulsory insurance cover, he says. “The most likely product will be a package underwritten by a motor insurer that the manufacturer offers at the point of purchase, use or hire.” One possibility is that new vehicles fitted with advanced-driver technology will automatically come with a form of product liability and extended cover provided by the manufacturer. The good news, says Allianz UK’s Glen Clarke, is that because semi- and fully autonomous cars are expected to lead to a fall in accidents, we are likely to see a drop in premiums. “The price you pay will be much more influenced by the technical capabilities of the car as opposed to estimations of the riskiness of the driver.” How will the law adapt to autonomous vehicles? Currently, UK law anticipates the existence of a “driver” who is in control of the vehicle at all times, says Rachel Moore, also a partner at Kennedys. Regulations on vehicle use will therefore need to be revised to allow the use of automotive technology without a driver and – crucially – to ensure that the technology is maintained correctly. To start with, Moore continues, the Road Traffic Act (1988) is likely to be amended to include product liability for automated vehicles. “Other changes will be required, including to the Highway Code and international regulations on vehicle use. We may also see changes to the MOT to check roadworthiness.” Do AVs reduce the risks for pedestrians and cyclists? We’re only at the start of understanding how pedestrians and cyclists will interact with a vehicle that doesn’t have a human driver at the controls, says Reed. “Whether a pedestrian will be able to detect whether a car is automated or not, and adapt their behaviour accordingly, we still don’t know.” Lang argues that there’s a risk, initially at least, that pedestrians and cyclists may try to “test” AVs to see how they react. “In Singapore, they are currently testing autonomous vehicles in public parks and they tell us that the large majority of incidents [near misses] are not due to the vehicles malfunctioning, but to people jumping in front of the cars to test whether they stop in time.” Mixed traffic carries risk, he continues, just as there may be risks associated with behavioural patterns we cannot foresee. “As with any new technology, there will be failures and even fatalities, but the overall benefits – in terms of [estimated] 90% fewer accidents, 40% less congestion, up to 80% less emissions, and 50% of parking space saved – are so substantial that the technological development will prevail.” What other autonomous vehicles might we see on our roads? From vertical take-off and landing “flying car” prototypes to “sidewalk robots” and delivery drones, by 2030 our roads and pavements may have begun to resemble a scene from Blade Runner. “Driverless trucks are already being tested around the world, with Daimler testing on public roads in the US and Germany in 2016,” says Boland. Bosch meanwhile, envisages that a truck will become “a 40-tonne smart device on wheels” by 2025. “[The trucks] will receive all the data they need in real time from the Bosch IoT cloud, including information on the route, congestion, detours, and unloading facilities at the destination,” says Hoffmann. “This will allow the driver to get on with other things [such as processing shipping documents], while the truck drives itself.” Car v tech giants: who will win? Today’s AV sector is a crowded space. It’s estimated that at least 33 tech and auto corporations, ranging from Apple to Chinese bus manufacturer Yutong – via the likes of Audi, BMW, Google, Honda, Intel, Tesla, Uber and Volkswagen – are currently developing AV technology. With the $2tn global car industry in the throes of transformation due to a perfect storm of digitisation, AI/automation and changes in consumer behaviour – such as the rise of on-demand taxi services in urban centres – it’s not difficult to see why car manufacturers, tech companies and investors are scrambling for territory, fearful of being left out. “All this change creates both risk and opportunity for incumbents,” says GP Bullhound’s Sven Raeymaekers. So who does he see coming out on top? “Some pundits claim that since the car industry has historically only focused on the internal combustion engine and shell design, it has no chance against the tsunami of software moving towards their shores. But so many industries have already suffered from this onslaught, and the automakers have no plans to see history repeat itself,” he says. “Across the board, major players – Renault-Nissan, Ford, BMW, Daimler and GM, to name a few - are investing in and developing their own technologies, hiring talent or acquiring startups. From GM investing $500m in Lyft to the creation of Ford Smart Mobility, every single big manufacturer is looking to innovate and adapt.” Besides, any notion of a race between tech firms and traditional car makers is a false perception, argues Accenture’s Luca Mentuccia. He predicts a surge of strategic cooperation instead. “We will see even more cross-industry partnerships for autonomous driving in the future in which car makers and a large range of tech firms from chipmakers to big data specialists, telcos and mobility platforms will work together.” More features Topics Self-driving cars Motoring Automotive industry Artificial intelligence (AI) Electric, hybrid and low-emission cars More… Travel and transport Road safety Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Self-driving cars Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple How to Make Your Own Two-Factor Authentication Key Paul Wagenseil Senior editor, security, privacy and gaming Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide)January 14, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share WASHINGTON — You don't need to spend $40 or $50 to get a two-factor authentication (2FA) USB key to help you log into web accounts. Instead, you can build one yourself, or, failing that, buy one for $8 on Amazon. The U2F Zero key. Credit: Conor Patrick/ConorCoMore The U2F Zero key. Credit: Conor Patrick/ConorCo That's what Virginia Tech graduate student Conor Patrick, who related his experiences here today (Jan. 13) at the ShmooCon hacker conference, discovered when he set out to build his own 2FA key. He figured out how to program and produce the keys cheaply, and he has put all his methods and software online for anyone to use. Even better, Patrick is selling the key, which he calls U2F Zero, for $8 on Amazon. That's less than half what Yubico, the most popular brand of 2FA USB key, sells its cheapest model for. MORE: Best Password Managers 2FA keys are yet another way to implement two-factor authentication. Instead of waiting for a numeric code to be texted to your phone when you log into Google or Dropbox from a new computer, you simply plug the key into a USB port on your computer. Boom! The new computer is verified. 2FA keys may come into greater use soon, as the National Institute for Standards and Technology in July 2016 warned against using text-message-based two-factor authentication. (It's too easy to spoof or to intercept a text message.) So Yubico and other makers of 2FA USB keys hope their devices catch on, and Patrick showed that these indispensable security devices can be produced cheaply and fairly easily. Patrick's token key uses the Universal 2nd Factor (U2F) standard, an open standard developed by Google and Yubico and now managed by the FIDO (Fast Identity Online) Alliance, a consortium of companies that includes American Express, Intel, Lenovo and PayPal among its members. Patrick located cheap USB printed circuit boards and central processing chips in China, and wrote much of the software himself. We'll spare you the technical details, which you can read on Patrick's blog. If you're technically-minded, go to GitHub for his instructions on how to make your own 2FA USB keys. See also : 33 Simple Ways to Prevent Hackers From Ruining Your Life How to Create and Remember Super-Secure Passwords Best Antivirus Software and Apps How to Check (and Erase) Everything Google Knows About You Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Porn 'tube' sites threaten children and actors, critics say AFP Only Fios lets you upload as fast and you download Verizon FiosSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Petition for Donald Trump to release his tax returns shatters White House record BGR News Netflix CEO: ‘Trump’s actions are so un-American it pains us all’ The Verge Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Advertise Photo Gallery Frequencies Bingo Contact — Main Menu —Home News & Sport - News - Sport - Schedule & Contact Details Entertainment Obituaries On Air - Listen Live! - Playback - Schedule - Festive Schedule Shaun Doherty Show Book Online - Promotions - Ticket Outlets - Promotion Team & Contact Extra - Two Men Rescued After Drifting Out To Sea In Inflatable Dinghy - Bridal Party Fall Into Lake As Jetty Collapses - Factor 50 Won’t Protect This Sunbather - Local Elections - Secret Sound May - Car Crashes Into Street Lights During ‘Rally’ - Shane Filan on Highland Drive - Hot Country Music Awards - The Audition - Photo Gallery Win - Donegal Hospice Bingo - Galway Music Trip Competition - Terms & Conditions Home News & Sport News Sport Schedule & Contact Details Entertainment Obituaries On Air Listen Live! Playback Schedule Festive Schedule Shaun Doherty Show Book Online Promotions Ticket Outlets Promotion Team & Contact Extra Two Men Rescued After Drifting Out To Sea In Inflatable Dinghy Bridal Party Fall Into Lake As Jetty Collapses Factor 50 Won’t Protect This Sunbather Local Elections Secret Sound May Car Crashes Into Street Lights During ‘Rally’ Shane Filan on Highland Drive Hot Country Music Awards The Audition Photo Gallery Win Donegal Hospice Bingo Galway Music Trip Competition Terms & Conditions Recognition for three Donegal schools at BT Young Scientist & Technology Exhibition 2017 14 Jan 2017 by admin Three schools in Donegal have been highly commended at BT Young Scientist & Technology Exhibition 2017. The event held in the BT Arena at Dublin’s RDS last night recognises school’s engagement in STEM projects. STEM projects engage students in the critical subjects of science, technology, engineering and maths. The teacher award for Intel Educator of Excellence went to Pobalscoil Gaoth Dobhair. Cholaiste Cholmcille was highly commended for their Biological and Ecological project, ‘Can mirror therapy improve basketball skills?’ Magh Ene College’s Social and Behavioural Sciences project, ‘A survey of parental attitudes in the North-West towards the HPV vaccine. More News Bloody Sunday commemoration march taking place tomorrow 0 The annual Bloody Sunday commemoration march will take place in Derry tomorrow. Participants and bands will assemble from 2pm at Central Drive and proceed to Rossville Street, via [...] 28 Jan 2017 Homes evacuated following security alert in Derry 0 A number of homes in Derry have been evacuated following a security alert. Police are currently attending the scene in the Earhart Park area of the city following the report of a s[...] 28 Jan 2017 Ireland has 3rd highest rate of pharmacists in EU 0 Ireland has the third highest rate of pharmacists in the European Union. New figures from Eurostat show that we have 118 per 100-thousand inhabitants. The stats reveal however we a[...] 28 Jan 2017 Industrial action likely – Bus Éireann 0 Unions representing workers at Bus Éireann say industrial action is now highly likely. Yesterday management announced unilateral cuts to all premiums from the 20th of February. Thi[...] 28 Jan 2017 Court case lodged against Ireland over Brexit 0 A British Barrister has lodged a court case against Ireland over BREXIT. Jolyon Maugham is taking the case to establish if Britain can stop the process of leaving the EU – on[...] 28 Jan 2017 Review launched into Tenant Purchase Scheme 0 Donegal County Council are reminding people to have their say on The Tenant Purchase Scheme. The Department of Housing has launched a public consultation as part of their review in[...] 28 Jan 2017 Now On-Air The Aidan Murphy Show Sunday, 8:00 am-12:00 pm Open Streaming Player (Pop-out) Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 Contact Us Highland Radio Pine Hill Letterkenny Co. Donegal Ireland Email: enquiries@highlandradio.com Telephone: (+353) 07491 25000 Text: (+353) 086 77 00 555 Fax: (+353) 07491 25344 Advertise Photo Gallery Frequencies Bingo Contact Copyright © Highland Radio - All rights reserved Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Recognition for three Donegal schools at BT Young Scientist & Technology Exhibition 2017and is located athttp://www.highlandradio.com/2017/01/14/recognition-for-six-donegal-schools-at-bt-young-scientist-technology-exhibition-2017/. Captcha Submit Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Recognition for three Donegal schools at BT Young Scientist & Technology Exhibition 2017and is located athttp://www.highlandradio.com/2017/01/14/recognition-for-six-donegal-schools-at-bt-young-scientist-technology-exhibition-2017/. Captcha Submit Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Bloody Sunday commemoration march taking place tomorrowand is located athttp://www.highlandradio.com/2017/01/28/bloody-sunday-commemoration-march-taking-place-tomorrow/. Captcha Submit Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Homes evacuated following security alert in Derryand is located athttp://www.highlandradio.com/2017/01/28/security-alert-in-derry-2/. Captcha Submit Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Ireland has 3rd highest rate of pharmacists in EUand is located athttp://www.highlandradio.com/2017/01/28/ireland-has-3rd-highest-rate-of-pharmacists-in-eu/. Captcha Submit Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Industrial action likely – Bus Éireannand is located athttp://www.highlandradio.com/2017/01/28/industrial-action-likely-bus-eireann/. Captcha Submit Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Court case lodged against Ireland over Brexitand is located athttp://www.highlandradio.com/2017/01/28/court-case-lodged-against-ireland-over-brexit/. Captcha Submit Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Review launched into Tenant Purchase Schemeand is located athttp://www.highlandradio.com/2017/01/28/review-launched-into-tenant-purchase-scheme/. Captcha Submit
Tert.am ՀԱՅ РУС ENG Weather in Yerevan +33°C day +21°C night World weather report Rates GBP 633.34 EUR 527.77 GEL 203.35 RUB 7.46 USD 476.41 ArmeniaRegionWorldBusinessScience/techCultureArmsport.amLifestyleEventPress digestInterview - Press digest World Business Event Science/Tech Culture Sport Lifestyle Interview Armenia Region About us Air raid targeting IS militant kills up to 30 in Iraqi city 14:35 • 14.01.17 Tweet Residents of the Iraqi city of Mosul said up to 30 civilians died in an air strike on a district held by Islamic State this week, Reuters reports. Locals said they saw at least three missiles hit the western Mosul al-Jadida area on Thursday, in a raid that appeared to target the house of senior militant Harbi Abdel Qader. He was not in the building at the time, but several members of his family died, one resident said late on Friday. Reuters could not verify the accounts independently. The witnesses said it was not immediately clear if the attack was carried out by the US-led coalition fighting Islamic State, or by Iraqi forces that have been making advances against the jihadists in the city. Areas of Mosul west of the river Tigris, which bisects the city from north to south, are still controlled by the ultra-hardline militant group. Almost all of the east has been recaptured by US-backed Iraqi forces who are fighting to drive the jihadists out of the city, Islamic State's last major stronghold in Iraq. Tweet LATEST NEWS • All Today news 12:25 • 29/01 Football returns to Aleppo after five years of war 11:12 • 29/01 Suspected U.S. commando raid in Yemen kills three al Qaeda members: residents 10:37 • 29/01 France elections: Socialists choose candidate in final vote 18:03 • 28/01 Tata Steel Chess: Aronian makes peace with Voytashek 17:47 • 28/01 Bafta-winning actor Sir John Hurt dies at 77 17:40 • 28/01 Ex minister vows drastic reforms if elected to parliament 17:00 • 28/01 Trump's cabinet is worth $14 billion 16:04 • 28/01 Lindsay Lohan poses with Turkey’s Erdogan, Syria refugee on Instagram 15:45 • 28/01 We have learned lessons after April war, says Nagorno-Karabakh official 15:02 • 28/01 No war or military action can pave way to breakthrough over Nagorno-Karabakh – Armenian president 14:43 • 28/01 Armenia’s military efficient to react pointedly to Azerbaijani aggression – defense official 14:09 • 28/01 Baby dolphin dies after tourists take it out of the water for selfies on Argentinian beach (video, photos) 13:54 • 28/01 CEC not planning to reschedule parliament polls, says chairman 13:29 • 28/01 China celebrates Year of Rooster 13:10 • 28/01 Apollo 1 stars commemorated in US 12:50 • 28/01 Zhamanak: Armenian National Congress not to vie for parliament? 12:33 • 28/01 Trump closes US borders to Syria refugees 12:22 • 28/01 Armenian Army day marked at military pantheon (photos) 20:01 • 27/01 Probe reveals causes of military student’s death 19:39 • 27/01 CoE Secretary General to visit Georgia on Jan 30 19:22 • 27/01 Mike Connors, ‘Mannix’ star, dies at 91 19:13 • 27/01 French Constitutional Council rejects Genocide denial criminalization bill 18:36 • 27/01 Bundestag remembers Holocaust victims 18:26 • 27/01 German population hits record high of 82.8 million due to migrants 18:13 • 27/01 Council of Europe marks 16th anniversary of Armenia’s membership 17:51 • 27/01 Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 17:29 • 27/01 Russian MPs pass bill to soften domestic violence law 16:59 • 27/01 Doing business in Russia easier than making US $300m investments in Armenia – economist 15:57 • 27/01 Nagorno-Karabakh key foreign policy issue for Russia – spokesperson 15:48 • 27/01 Ombudsman’s representatives visit life-termers 15:25 • 27/01 CSTO offers safeguards only against aggression – ex defense official 15:13 • 27/01 Armenia’s army efficient, capable of accomplishing strategic tasks – minister 14:28 • 27/01 We need free, competitive and fair business environment in Armenia – Karen Karapetyan 13:55 • 27/01 Merkel expected to speak with Trump about Russia on Saturday 13:44 • 27/01 John Heffern’s recent promotion serves to Armenia’s advantage –analyst 13:22 • 27/01 Armenia’s premier, Kuwaiti ambassador discuss development of bilateral economic ties 12:58 • 27/01 Turkey marks Holocaust Remembrance Day 12:45 • 27/01 Military student dies suddenly, investigation launched 12:34 • 27/01 Figures never justify facts – Armenian defense minister on army suicides 11:59 • 27/01 Part of US $200m military equipment delivered to Armenia – defense minister 11:30 • 27/01 Zhoghovurd: Exodus from Armenia’s ruling party 11:05 • 27/01 Putin, Trump to speak by phone for first time on Saturday 10:26 • 27/01 Azerbaijan continues ceasefire violations 10:15 • 27/01 ‘Democratic parliamentary elections vital for us’ – Armenian NA vice-speaker 09:34 • 27/01 Toshiba to sell slice of smartphone memory chip unit 09:21 • 27/01 Mexico condemns Trump's border wall tax proposal 20:26 • 26/01 Armenia’s premier meets with Gyumri businessmen 20:19 • 26/01 Police seek Brazilian tycoon over corruption claims 19:24 • 26/01 New opposition forming in Armenia – Richard Giragosian 19:04 • 26/01 Greece rejects Turkey soldiers' extradition 18:51 • 26/01 Armenia’s prosecutor general, head of CE office in Yerevan discuss issues of mutual interest 18:05 • 26/01 Russia says no direct contacts yet between White House and Kremlin 17:39 • 26/01 No political reason for ex-premier’s statement on secession from ruling party – Eduard Sharmazanov 17:03 • 26/01 Apple sues chip-maker Qualcomm in China 16:52 • 26/01 Armenia interested in Eurasian integration potentials – Karen Karapetyan 16:43 • 26/01 Oscar De La Hoya arrested over DUI 16:30 • 26/01 Ensuring trade turnover growth priority of Armenian-Russian investment fund – minister 16:19 • 26/01 Visa free travel to boost tourism between Armenia, Russia – premier 15:38 • 26/01 US $500 investments in Armenia expected - minister 15:24 • 26/01 US warns over anti-American violence threats in Turkey 15:14 • 26/01 Shia LaBeouf arrested in anti-Trump protest (video) 15:00 • 26/01 Miss Universe contestant responds to body-shaming with defiant Instagram post 14:46 • 26/01 Trump pledges to ‘do absolutely safe zones' in Syria 14:42 • 26/01 Ex US ambassador to Armenia appointed acting secretary 14:35 • 26/01 South Ossetia alternative to Lar for Armenia – Arsen Ghazaryan 14:17 • 26/01 Armenian NGOs concerned over increasing non-combat deaths in army 13:41 • 26/01 Armenia’s premier orders formation of Armenian-Russian investment fund 13:30 • 26/01 Cabinet backs aid plan for Syrian-Armenians 13:15 • 26/01 Armenian premier asks agriculture minister to negotiate equipment purchase   13:00 • 26/01 Affordable housing program: compulsory prepayments need reducing – premier 12:49 • 26/01 6 million years ago, otters the size of wolves roamed China’s wetlands 12:16 • 26/01 Last bodies pulled from Italian avalanche hotel, death toll 29 12:06 • 26/01 Karen Karapetyan asks cabinet to move on expanding tourism services for Russians   11:35 • 26/01 Situation calm in border village after Azerbaijani gunfire, says mayor 11:08 • 26/01 Nagorno-Karbakh reports relative calm on Line of Contact 10:57 • 26/01 Trump prepares orders aiming at global funding and tsreaties 10:49 • 26/01 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenia’s natural gas imports from Russia 2.6% down in 2016 10:17 • 26/01 Russian investments preferable to offshore capital – Armenian economist 09:00 • 26/01 Brazil beat Colombia in Chapecoense benefit game 08:30 • 26/01 Mexico not to pay for Trump border wall 08:16 • 26/01 British fighter jets escort Russia's Admiral Kuznetsov on its way from Syria 19:53 • 25/01 Apple says dialogue with India on local expansion plans was 'constructive' 19:16 • 25/01 Usain Bolt loses one Olympic gold medal as Nesta Carter tests positive 18:41 • 25/01 Lookalikes of Trump, North Korea's Kim grab Hong Kong by surprise 18:27 • 25/01 Armenia’s ex-premier leaves ruling party 17:32 • 25/01 Boeing sets cash flow record, lifts 2017 forecast for jet output 17:13 • 25/01  Vertu Constellation – the latest luxury Android phone that also encrypts calls 17:02 • 25/01 Armenia’s economic development minister, Russia’s industry minister sign memorandum of cooperation 16:53 • 25/01 24 Teams are competing in Armenia for three places at Mobile World Challenge 2017 in Barcelona 16:34 • 25/01 Iranian businessmen briefed on multi-modal transportation plan in Yerevan 16:13 • 25/01 People will rise against N Korean regime, says defector 16:02 • 25/01 Yerevan hosts Eurasia Mobile Challenge finalists 15:28 • 25/01 Samsung Galaxy S8 could be the fastest Android phone EVER, thanks to this exclusive deal 15:16 • 25/01 No need to worry about traffic jams with this stunning $2.5million motor home 15:05 • 25/01 ‘Last-minute’ alliances have bad end - MP 14:54 • 25/01 Armenian conscript found dead in defense post   14:46 • 25/01 Man Utd to increase Old Trafford to 88,000 and make it the second biggest stadium in Europe 14:35 • 25/01 Armenian Genocide movie screens in New York preceding Oscar nomination vote 14:22 • 25/01 Zuckerberg ‘not running for president’ 14:10 • 25/01 Jailed Israeli blogger appeals against extradition Most popular articles Today Yesterday For a week 15:45 • 28/01 We have learned lessons after April war, says Nagorno-Karabakh official 17:40 • 28/01 Ex minister vows drastic reforms if elected to parliament 14:43 • 28/01 Armenia’s military efficient to react pointedly to Azerbaijani aggression – defense official 15:02 • 28/01 No war or military action can pave way to breakthrough over Nagorno-Karabakh – Armenian president 13:10 • 28/01 Apollo 1 stars commemorated in US 18:03 • 28/01 Tata Steel Chess: Aronian makes peace with Voytashek 17:00 • 28/01 Trump's cabinet is worth $14 billion 16:04 • 28/01 Lindsay Lohan poses with Turkey’s Erdogan, Syria refugee on Instagram 14:09 • 28/01 Baby dolphin dies after tourists take it out of the water for selfies on Argentinian beach (video, photos) 13:54 • 28/01 CEC not planning to reschedule parliament polls, says chairman 13:29 • 28/01 China celebrates Year of Rooster 17:47 • 28/01 Bafta-winning actor Sir John Hurt dies at 77 10:37 • 29/01 France elections: Socialists choose candidate in final vote 11:12 • 29/01 Suspected U.S. commando raid in Yemen kills three al Qaeda members: residents 12:25 • 29/01 Football returns to Aleppo after five years of war 15:45 • 28/01 We have learned lessons after April war, says Nagorno-Karabakh official 17:40 • 28/01 Ex minister vows drastic reforms if elected to parliament 14:43 • 28/01 Armenia’s military efficient to react pointedly to Azerbaijani aggression – defense official 15:02 • 28/01 No war or military action can pave way to breakthrough over Nagorno-Karabakh – Armenian president 13:10 • 28/01 Apollo 1 stars commemorated in US 18:03 • 28/01 Tata Steel Chess: Aronian makes peace with Voytashek 17:00 • 28/01 Trump's cabinet is worth $14 billion 16:04 • 28/01 Lindsay Lohan poses with Turkey’s Erdogan, Syria refugee on Instagram 14:09 • 28/01 Baby dolphin dies after tourists take it out of the water for selfies on Argentinian beach (video, photos) 13:54 • 28/01 CEC not planning to reschedule parliament polls, says chairman 13:29 • 28/01 China celebrates Year of Rooster 17:47 • 28/01 Bafta-winning actor Sir John Hurt dies at 77 10:37 • 29/01 France elections: Socialists choose candidate in final vote 11:12 • 29/01 Suspected U.S. commando raid in Yemen kills three al Qaeda members: residents 12:25 • 29/01 Football returns to Aleppo after five years of war 13:44 • 27/01 John Heffern’s recent promotion serves to Armenia’s advantage –analyst 20:01 • 27/01 Probe reveals causes of military student’s death 12:22 • 28/01 Armenian Army day marked at military pantheon (photos) 15:13 • 27/01 Armenia’s army efficient, capable of accomplishing strategic tasks – minister 18:13 • 27/01 Council of Europe marks 16th anniversary of Armenia’s membership 19:22 • 27/01 Mike Connors, ‘Mannix’ star, dies at 91 19:39 • 27/01 CoE Secretary General to visit Georgia on Jan 30 13:22 • 27/01 Armenia’s premier, Kuwaiti ambassador discuss development of bilateral economic ties 12:33 • 28/01 Trump closes US borders to Syria refugees 17:51 • 27/01 Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 17:29 • 27/01 Russian MPs pass bill to soften domestic violence law 13:55 • 27/01 Merkel expected to speak with Trump about Russia on Saturday 15:25 • 27/01 CSTO offers safeguards only against aggression – ex defense official 15:57 • 27/01 Nagorno-Karabakh key foreign policy issue for Russia – spokesperson 19:13 • 27/01 French Constitutional Council rejects Genocide denial criminalization bill 18:36 • 27/01 Bundestag remembers Holocaust victims 15:48 • 27/01 Ombudsman’s representatives visit life-termers 18:26 • 27/01 German population hits record high of 82.8 million due to migrants 14:28 • 27/01 We need free, competitive and fair business environment in Armenia – Karen Karapetyan 16:59 • 27/01 Doing business in Russia easier than making US $300m investments in Armenia – economist 19:23 • 24/01 Bomb planted under state of Azerbaijan may go off at any moment – David Babayan 14:54 • 24/01 Turkish folk singer claims to be father of Adele 16:32 • 23/01 Israel opposed to jailed blogger’s extradition to Azerbaijan – ambassador 15:38 • 26/01 US $500 investments in Armenia expected - minister 15:13 • 22/01 Constitutional referendum in Nagorno-Karabakh will not be marred by vote rigging in - MP 14:31 • 24/01 Armenia-EU agreement: negotiations nearing completion - Piotr Świtalski 14:43 • 23/01 'We don’t concentrate much on our success. We continuously try to go forward' - co-founder of PicsArt 12:11 • 25/01 2017 could be worse period for Karabakh conflict – Thomas de Waal 13:18 • 25/01 The rise of Gladys Berejiklian to premier – The Sydney Morning Herald 17:45 • 23/01 Killed Nagorno-Karabakh sergeant fatally shot by fellow serviceman 11:48 • 24/01 New Armenian airline plan discussed in Moscow 13:44 • 27/01 John Heffern’s recent promotion serves to Armenia’s advantage –analyst 14:17 • 23/01 NATO is a terror organization, says AKP deputy Tayyar 19:24 • 26/01 New opposition forming in Armenia – Richard Giragosian 13:00 • 23/01 Turkey ruled by fascism – columnist 11:38 • 23/01 Turkish culture minister attends Hrand Dink commemoration 15:45 • 28/01 We have learned lessons after April war, says Nagorno-Karabakh official 12:58 • 27/01 Turkey marks Holocaust Remembrance Day 15:13 • 27/01 Armenia’s army efficient, capable of accomplishing strategic tasks – minister 17:11 • 24/01 Armenia-Iran-Turkmenistan cooperation plan promising – expert Armenia We have learned lessons after April war, says Nagorno-Karabakh official Vitaly Balasanyan said the modernized defense system guarantees full security for all the border communities ... Probe reveals causes of military student’s death Samvel Apinyan, who suddenly felt bad on the drill ground, suffered from heart failure and pulmonary ... Ombudsman’s representatives visit life-termers Armenia’s premier, Kuwaiti ambassador discuss development of bilateral economic ties Figures never justify facts – Armenian defense minister on army suicides Azerbaijan continues ceasefire violations ‘Democratic parliamentary elections vital for us’ – Armenian NA vice-speaker Region Lindsay Lohan poses with Turkey’s Erdogan, Syria refugee on Instagram “What a dream it is for Mr. President Erdogan and The First Lady to invite me to their home,” the 30-year-old actress captioned the photo ... CoE Secretary General to visit Georgia on Jan 30 Thorbjørn Jagland will have meetings with President Giorgi Margvelashvili, Prime-Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili, Foreign Minister ... Turkey marks Holocaust Remembrance Day US warns over anti-American violence threats in Turkey Jailed Israeli blogger appeals against extradition Turkey to announce date of constitutional referendum this week: PM Yildirim Turkish folk singer claims to be father of Adele World France elections: Socialists choose candidate in final vote Sunday's Socialist primary has seen Mr Hamon, 49, suddenly surge in popularity with a range of liberal proposals, including a proposal for a universal monthly income for all citizens... Trump closes US borders to Syria refugees Mr Trump said the measures were part of new measures to "keep radical Islamic terrorists out of the US". Rights groups have condemned the move ... Bundestag remembers Holocaust victims German population hits record high of 82.8 million due to migrants Russian MPs pass bill to soften domestic violence law Merkel expected to speak with Trump about Russia on Saturday Putin, Trump to speak by phone for first time on Saturday Business Trump's cabinet is worth $14 billion Steven Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs Group Inc partner who is Trump's pick to lead the US Treasury Department, was grilled by members ... Doing business in Russia easier than making US $300m investments in Armenia – economist “Under the circumstances, staging a show and claiming that we are creating ... Toshiba to sell slice of smartphone memory chip unit Police seek Brazilian tycoon over corruption claims Apple sues chip-maker Qualcomm in China South Ossetia alternative to Lar for Armenia – Arsen Ghazaryan Apple says dialogue with India on local expansion plans was 'constructive' Science/tech Apollo 1 stars commemorated in US A nearly 10-week investigation determined that an electrical spark, occurring in an environment rich in pure oxygen inside the command module ... Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 "Analysis shows that the number of information attacks at Russian official information resources is on the rise. There were 70 million (such attacks) in 2016..." 6 million years ago, otters the size of wolves roamed China’s wetlands  Vertu Constellation – the latest luxury Android phone that also encrypts calls 24 Teams are competing in Armenia for three places at Mobile World Challenge 2017 in Barcelona Trial finds combination of pancreatic cancer drugs extends survival   Genes determine how young people use internet and social media Culture Bafta-winning actor Sir John Hurt dies at 77 The Bafta-winning star, known for his roles in Alien and The Elephant Man, had been treated for pancreatic cancer ... Mike Connors, ‘Mannix’ star, dies at 91 “Mannix” ran for eight seasons from 1968 to 1975 and was the last series from Desilu Productions. Connors won a Golden Globe for his performance ... Shia LaBeouf arrested in anti-Trump protest (video) Armenian Genocide movie screens in New York preceding Oscar nomination vote Star Wars reveals Episode VIII Shia LaBeouf launches anti-Trump live-stream Celine Dion to perform original song for Disney's 'Beauty and the Beast' Armsport.am Football returns to Aleppo after five years of war "I can't tell you how it feels to return to the pitch (in Aleppo) after five years. My heart's beating so fast..." Tata Steel Chess: Aronian makes peace with Voytashek The sportsman, who played with black pieces, has 6.5 points after the recent round. The tournament’s sole leader now is Wesley So who scored 7.5 ... Oscar De La Hoya arrested over DUI Brazil beat Colombia in Chapecoense benefit game Usain Bolt loses one Olympic gold medal as Nesta Carter tests positive Man Utd to increase Old Trafford to 88,000 and make it the second biggest stadium in Europe Borussia Dortmund extends contract with young Christian Pulisic Lifestyle Baby dolphin dies after tourists take it out of the water for selfies on Argentinian beach (video, photos) The poor animal died on a beach in Argentina, surrounded by ignorant holidaymakers trying to touch and photograph it ... Miss Universe contestant responds to body-shaming with defiant Instagram post The contest has traditionally, and controversially, been one based around appearance so perhaps it is no surprise that some people online decided ... Lookalikes of Trump, North Korea's Kim grab Hong Kong by surprise No need to worry about traffic jams with this stunning $2.5million motor home Zuckerberg ‘not running for president’ Mel Gibson, 61, welcomes ninth child Melania Trump wore $100,000 worth wedding dress in 2005 Event Suspected U.S. commando raid in Yemen kills three al Qaeda members: residents The gunbattle in the rural Yakla district of al-Bayda province killed a senior leader in Yemen's al Qaeda branch, Abdulraoof al-Dhahab, along with his two brothers... China celebrates Year of Rooster The New Year, which officially starts on Saturday, is China's primary annual holiday and is traditionally marked by riotous displays of fireworks and ... Council of Europe marks 16th anniversary of Armenia’s membership Military student dies suddenly, investigation launched Armenian premier asks agriculture minister to negotiate equipment purchase   Last bodies pulled from Italian avalanche hotel, death toll 29 Mexico not to pay for Trump border wall Press digest Zhamanak: Armenian National Congress not to vie for parliament? At the party’s session on Friday, clear hints were reportedly dropped that Khachatur Sukiasyan, a businessman-politician affiliated with the political force, is not planning ... Zhoghovurd: Exodus from Armenia’s ruling party “It is dishonor to continue a member of a party with a national ideology as its basis, whereas it is actually splitting the nation, setting relatives against one another, an Armenian against an Armenian..." Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenia’s natural gas imports from Russia 2.6% down in 2016 Haykakan Zhamanak: Karen Karapetyan’s Moscow trip ‘of historic value’ 168 Zham: Russia continues arms business Hraparak: Some Armenian ministers may be dismissed after elections Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenians travelling to UAE not to need visas Facebook Vkontakte Google+ Twitter Youtube RSS TERT AM, LLC Address: 1 Yeghvard Highway, Yerevan, Armenia, 0054 Tel: +374 (60) 528 528 E-Mail: [email protected] Contact number for ads: 060 511 511, 093 639 312. 2008 - 2017 © Armenian News - Tert.am All rights reserved. Reference to Tert.am is mandatory when making citations. Full or partial televised reading of the website articles is prohibited without reference to Tert.am. The opinions expressed on the website do not have to coincide with the editorial staff’s viewpoints. The website bears no responsibility for the content of ads and press review. Website by Helix []
Tert.am ՀԱՅ РУС ENG Weather in Yerevan +33°C day +21°C night World weather report Rates GBP 633.34 EUR 527.77 GEL 203.35 RUB 7.46 USD 476.41 ArmeniaRegionWorldBusinessScience/techCultureArmsport.amLifestyleEventPress digestInterview - Press digest World Business Event Science/Tech Culture Sport Lifestyle Interview Armenia Region About us Turkey remands foreigners over Istanbul attack 14:02 • 14.01.17 Tweet An Istanbul court on Friday remanded in custody two foreign nationals linked to the deadly attack on an Istanbul nightclub on New Year's Eve, Hurriyet Daily News reports, citing state-run Anadolu Agency.  Two suspects Omar Asim and Abuliezi Abuduhamiti, who are Chinese citizens, are accused of “being member of an armed terror organization,” and “helping 39 times first-degree-murder”.  At least 35 people were detained after the attack, according to a police source.  A full investigation into the terror attack remains underway, the source, who spoke on condition of anonymity due to restrictions on talking to the media, said.  At least 39 people, including a police officer, were killed when an attacker opened fire on party goers at the Reina nightclub in the Ortaköy district in the early hours of New Year’s Day; 69 other people were also hurt, with a number of foreign nationals among the casualties.  Tweet LATEST NEWS • All Today news 12:25 • 29/01 Football returns to Aleppo after five years of war 11:12 • 29/01 Suspected U.S. commando raid in Yemen kills three al Qaeda members: residents 10:37 • 29/01 France elections: Socialists choose candidate in final vote 18:03 • 28/01 Tata Steel Chess: Aronian makes peace with Voytashek 17:47 • 28/01 Bafta-winning actor Sir John Hurt dies at 77 17:40 • 28/01 Ex minister vows drastic reforms if elected to parliament 17:00 • 28/01 Trump's cabinet is worth $14 billion 16:04 • 28/01 Lindsay Lohan poses with Turkey’s Erdogan, Syria refugee on Instagram 15:45 • 28/01 We have learned lessons after April war, says Nagorno-Karabakh official 15:02 • 28/01 No war or military action can pave way to breakthrough over Nagorno-Karabakh – Armenian president 14:43 • 28/01 Armenia’s military efficient to react pointedly to Azerbaijani aggression – defense official 14:09 • 28/01 Baby dolphin dies after tourists take it out of the water for selfies on Argentinian beach (video, photos) 13:54 • 28/01 CEC not planning to reschedule parliament polls, says chairman 13:29 • 28/01 China celebrates Year of Rooster 13:10 • 28/01 Apollo 1 stars commemorated in US 12:50 • 28/01 Zhamanak: Armenian National Congress not to vie for parliament? 12:33 • 28/01 Trump closes US borders to Syria refugees 12:22 • 28/01 Armenian Army day marked at military pantheon (photos) 20:01 • 27/01 Probe reveals causes of military student’s death 19:39 • 27/01 CoE Secretary General to visit Georgia on Jan 30 19:22 • 27/01 Mike Connors, ‘Mannix’ star, dies at 91 19:13 • 27/01 French Constitutional Council rejects Genocide denial criminalization bill 18:36 • 27/01 Bundestag remembers Holocaust victims 18:26 • 27/01 German population hits record high of 82.8 million due to migrants 18:13 • 27/01 Council of Europe marks 16th anniversary of Armenia’s membership 17:51 • 27/01 Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 17:29 • 27/01 Russian MPs pass bill to soften domestic violence law 16:59 • 27/01 Doing business in Russia easier than making US $300m investments in Armenia – economist 15:57 • 27/01 Nagorno-Karabakh key foreign policy issue for Russia – spokesperson 15:48 • 27/01 Ombudsman’s representatives visit life-termers 15:25 • 27/01 CSTO offers safeguards only against aggression – ex defense official 15:13 • 27/01 Armenia’s army efficient, capable of accomplishing strategic tasks – minister 14:28 • 27/01 We need free, competitive and fair business environment in Armenia – Karen Karapetyan 13:55 • 27/01 Merkel expected to speak with Trump about Russia on Saturday 13:44 • 27/01 John Heffern’s recent promotion serves to Armenia’s advantage –analyst 13:22 • 27/01 Armenia’s premier, Kuwaiti ambassador discuss development of bilateral economic ties 12:58 • 27/01 Turkey marks Holocaust Remembrance Day 12:45 • 27/01 Military student dies suddenly, investigation launched 12:34 • 27/01 Figures never justify facts – Armenian defense minister on army suicides 11:59 • 27/01 Part of US $200m military equipment delivered to Armenia – defense minister 11:30 • 27/01 Zhoghovurd: Exodus from Armenia’s ruling party 11:05 • 27/01 Putin, Trump to speak by phone for first time on Saturday 10:26 • 27/01 Azerbaijan continues ceasefire violations 10:15 • 27/01 ‘Democratic parliamentary elections vital for us’ – Armenian NA vice-speaker 09:34 • 27/01 Toshiba to sell slice of smartphone memory chip unit 09:21 • 27/01 Mexico condemns Trump's border wall tax proposal 20:26 • 26/01 Armenia’s premier meets with Gyumri businessmen 20:19 • 26/01 Police seek Brazilian tycoon over corruption claims 19:24 • 26/01 New opposition forming in Armenia – Richard Giragosian 19:04 • 26/01 Greece rejects Turkey soldiers' extradition 18:51 • 26/01 Armenia’s prosecutor general, head of CE office in Yerevan discuss issues of mutual interest 18:05 • 26/01 Russia says no direct contacts yet between White House and Kremlin 17:39 • 26/01 No political reason for ex-premier’s statement on secession from ruling party – Eduard Sharmazanov 17:03 • 26/01 Apple sues chip-maker Qualcomm in China 16:52 • 26/01 Armenia interested in Eurasian integration potentials – Karen Karapetyan 16:43 • 26/01 Oscar De La Hoya arrested over DUI 16:30 • 26/01 Ensuring trade turnover growth priority of Armenian-Russian investment fund – minister 16:19 • 26/01 Visa free travel to boost tourism between Armenia, Russia – premier 15:38 • 26/01 US $500 investments in Armenia expected - minister 15:24 • 26/01 US warns over anti-American violence threats in Turkey 15:14 • 26/01 Shia LaBeouf arrested in anti-Trump protest (video) 15:00 • 26/01 Miss Universe contestant responds to body-shaming with defiant Instagram post 14:46 • 26/01 Trump pledges to ‘do absolutely safe zones' in Syria 14:42 • 26/01 Ex US ambassador to Armenia appointed acting secretary 14:35 • 26/01 South Ossetia alternative to Lar for Armenia – Arsen Ghazaryan 14:17 • 26/01 Armenian NGOs concerned over increasing non-combat deaths in army 13:41 • 26/01 Armenia’s premier orders formation of Armenian-Russian investment fund 13:30 • 26/01 Cabinet backs aid plan for Syrian-Armenians 13:15 • 26/01 Armenian premier asks agriculture minister to negotiate equipment purchase   13:00 • 26/01 Affordable housing program: compulsory prepayments need reducing – premier 12:49 • 26/01 6 million years ago, otters the size of wolves roamed China’s wetlands 12:16 • 26/01 Last bodies pulled from Italian avalanche hotel, death toll 29 12:06 • 26/01 Karen Karapetyan asks cabinet to move on expanding tourism services for Russians   11:35 • 26/01 Situation calm in border village after Azerbaijani gunfire, says mayor 11:08 • 26/01 Nagorno-Karbakh reports relative calm on Line of Contact 10:57 • 26/01 Trump prepares orders aiming at global funding and tsreaties 10:49 • 26/01 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenia’s natural gas imports from Russia 2.6% down in 2016 10:17 • 26/01 Russian investments preferable to offshore capital – Armenian economist 09:00 • 26/01 Brazil beat Colombia in Chapecoense benefit game 08:30 • 26/01 Mexico not to pay for Trump border wall 08:16 • 26/01 British fighter jets escort Russia's Admiral Kuznetsov on its way from Syria 19:53 • 25/01 Apple says dialogue with India on local expansion plans was 'constructive' 19:16 • 25/01 Usain Bolt loses one Olympic gold medal as Nesta Carter tests positive 18:41 • 25/01 Lookalikes of Trump, North Korea's Kim grab Hong Kong by surprise 18:27 • 25/01 Armenia’s ex-premier leaves ruling party 17:32 • 25/01 Boeing sets cash flow record, lifts 2017 forecast for jet output 17:13 • 25/01  Vertu Constellation – the latest luxury Android phone that also encrypts calls 17:02 • 25/01 Armenia’s economic development minister, Russia’s industry minister sign memorandum of cooperation 16:53 • 25/01 24 Teams are competing in Armenia for three places at Mobile World Challenge 2017 in Barcelona 16:34 • 25/01 Iranian businessmen briefed on multi-modal transportation plan in Yerevan 16:13 • 25/01 People will rise against N Korean regime, says defector 16:02 • 25/01 Yerevan hosts Eurasia Mobile Challenge finalists 15:28 • 25/01 Samsung Galaxy S8 could be the fastest Android phone EVER, thanks to this exclusive deal 15:16 • 25/01 No need to worry about traffic jams with this stunning $2.5million motor home 15:05 • 25/01 ‘Last-minute’ alliances have bad end - MP 14:54 • 25/01 Armenian conscript found dead in defense post   14:46 • 25/01 Man Utd to increase Old Trafford to 88,000 and make it the second biggest stadium in Europe 14:35 • 25/01 Armenian Genocide movie screens in New York preceding Oscar nomination vote 14:22 • 25/01 Zuckerberg ‘not running for president’ 14:10 • 25/01 Jailed Israeli blogger appeals against extradition Most popular articles Today Yesterday For a week 15:45 • 28/01 We have learned lessons after April war, says Nagorno-Karabakh official 17:40 • 28/01 Ex minister vows drastic reforms if elected to parliament 14:43 • 28/01 Armenia’s military efficient to react pointedly to Azerbaijani aggression – defense official 15:02 • 28/01 No war or military action can pave way to breakthrough over Nagorno-Karabakh – Armenian president 13:10 • 28/01 Apollo 1 stars commemorated in US 18:03 • 28/01 Tata Steel Chess: Aronian makes peace with Voytashek 17:00 • 28/01 Trump's cabinet is worth $14 billion 16:04 • 28/01 Lindsay Lohan poses with Turkey’s Erdogan, Syria refugee on Instagram 14:09 • 28/01 Baby dolphin dies after tourists take it out of the water for selfies on Argentinian beach (video, photos) 13:54 • 28/01 CEC not planning to reschedule parliament polls, says chairman 13:29 • 28/01 China celebrates Year of Rooster 17:47 • 28/01 Bafta-winning actor Sir John Hurt dies at 77 10:37 • 29/01 France elections: Socialists choose candidate in final vote 11:12 • 29/01 Suspected U.S. commando raid in Yemen kills three al Qaeda members: residents 12:25 • 29/01 Football returns to Aleppo after five years of war 15:45 • 28/01 We have learned lessons after April war, says Nagorno-Karabakh official 17:40 • 28/01 Ex minister vows drastic reforms if elected to parliament 14:43 • 28/01 Armenia’s military efficient to react pointedly to Azerbaijani aggression – defense official 15:02 • 28/01 No war or military action can pave way to breakthrough over Nagorno-Karabakh – Armenian president 13:10 • 28/01 Apollo 1 stars commemorated in US 18:03 • 28/01 Tata Steel Chess: Aronian makes peace with Voytashek 17:00 • 28/01 Trump's cabinet is worth $14 billion 16:04 • 28/01 Lindsay Lohan poses with Turkey’s Erdogan, Syria refugee on Instagram 14:09 • 28/01 Baby dolphin dies after tourists take it out of the water for selfies on Argentinian beach (video, photos) 13:54 • 28/01 CEC not planning to reschedule parliament polls, says chairman 13:29 • 28/01 China celebrates Year of Rooster 17:47 • 28/01 Bafta-winning actor Sir John Hurt dies at 77 10:37 • 29/01 France elections: Socialists choose candidate in final vote 11:12 • 29/01 Suspected U.S. commando raid in Yemen kills three al Qaeda members: residents 12:25 • 29/01 Football returns to Aleppo after five years of war 13:44 • 27/01 John Heffern’s recent promotion serves to Armenia’s advantage –analyst 20:01 • 27/01 Probe reveals causes of military student’s death 12:22 • 28/01 Armenian Army day marked at military pantheon (photos) 15:13 • 27/01 Armenia’s army efficient, capable of accomplishing strategic tasks – minister 18:13 • 27/01 Council of Europe marks 16th anniversary of Armenia’s membership 19:22 • 27/01 Mike Connors, ‘Mannix’ star, dies at 91 19:39 • 27/01 CoE Secretary General to visit Georgia on Jan 30 13:22 • 27/01 Armenia’s premier, Kuwaiti ambassador discuss development of bilateral economic ties 12:33 • 28/01 Trump closes US borders to Syria refugees 17:51 • 27/01 Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 17:29 • 27/01 Russian MPs pass bill to soften domestic violence law 13:55 • 27/01 Merkel expected to speak with Trump about Russia on Saturday 15:25 • 27/01 CSTO offers safeguards only against aggression – ex defense official 15:57 • 27/01 Nagorno-Karabakh key foreign policy issue for Russia – spokesperson 19:13 • 27/01 French Constitutional Council rejects Genocide denial criminalization bill 18:36 • 27/01 Bundestag remembers Holocaust victims 15:48 • 27/01 Ombudsman’s representatives visit life-termers 18:26 • 27/01 German population hits record high of 82.8 million due to migrants 14:28 • 27/01 We need free, competitive and fair business environment in Armenia – Karen Karapetyan 16:59 • 27/01 Doing business in Russia easier than making US $300m investments in Armenia – economist 19:23 • 24/01 Bomb planted under state of Azerbaijan may go off at any moment – David Babayan 14:54 • 24/01 Turkish folk singer claims to be father of Adele 16:32 • 23/01 Israel opposed to jailed blogger’s extradition to Azerbaijan – ambassador 15:38 • 26/01 US $500 investments in Armenia expected - minister 15:13 • 22/01 Constitutional referendum in Nagorno-Karabakh will not be marred by vote rigging in - MP 14:31 • 24/01 Armenia-EU agreement: negotiations nearing completion - Piotr Świtalski 14:43 • 23/01 'We don’t concentrate much on our success. We continuously try to go forward' - co-founder of PicsArt 12:11 • 25/01 2017 could be worse period for Karabakh conflict – Thomas de Waal 13:18 • 25/01 The rise of Gladys Berejiklian to premier – The Sydney Morning Herald 17:45 • 23/01 Killed Nagorno-Karabakh sergeant fatally shot by fellow serviceman 11:48 • 24/01 New Armenian airline plan discussed in Moscow 13:44 • 27/01 John Heffern’s recent promotion serves to Armenia’s advantage –analyst 14:17 • 23/01 NATO is a terror organization, says AKP deputy Tayyar 19:24 • 26/01 New opposition forming in Armenia – Richard Giragosian 13:00 • 23/01 Turkey ruled by fascism – columnist 11:38 • 23/01 Turkish culture minister attends Hrand Dink commemoration 15:45 • 28/01 We have learned lessons after April war, says Nagorno-Karabakh official 12:58 • 27/01 Turkey marks Holocaust Remembrance Day 15:13 • 27/01 Armenia’s army efficient, capable of accomplishing strategic tasks – minister 17:11 • 24/01 Armenia-Iran-Turkmenistan cooperation plan promising – expert Armenia We have learned lessons after April war, says Nagorno-Karabakh official Vitaly Balasanyan said the modernized defense system guarantees full security for all the border communities ... Probe reveals causes of military student’s death Samvel Apinyan, who suddenly felt bad on the drill ground, suffered from heart failure and pulmonary ... Ombudsman’s representatives visit life-termers Armenia’s premier, Kuwaiti ambassador discuss development of bilateral economic ties Figures never justify facts – Armenian defense minister on army suicides Azerbaijan continues ceasefire violations ‘Democratic parliamentary elections vital for us’ – Armenian NA vice-speaker Region Lindsay Lohan poses with Turkey’s Erdogan, Syria refugee on Instagram “What a dream it is for Mr. President Erdogan and The First Lady to invite me to their home,” the 30-year-old actress captioned the photo ... CoE Secretary General to visit Georgia on Jan 30 Thorbjørn Jagland will have meetings with President Giorgi Margvelashvili, Prime-Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili, Foreign Minister ... Turkey marks Holocaust Remembrance Day US warns over anti-American violence threats in Turkey Jailed Israeli blogger appeals against extradition Turkey to announce date of constitutional referendum this week: PM Yildirim Turkish folk singer claims to be father of Adele World France elections: Socialists choose candidate in final vote Sunday's Socialist primary has seen Mr Hamon, 49, suddenly surge in popularity with a range of liberal proposals, including a proposal for a universal monthly income for all citizens... Trump closes US borders to Syria refugees Mr Trump said the measures were part of new measures to "keep radical Islamic terrorists out of the US". Rights groups have condemned the move ... Bundestag remembers Holocaust victims German population hits record high of 82.8 million due to migrants Russian MPs pass bill to soften domestic violence law Merkel expected to speak with Trump about Russia on Saturday Putin, Trump to speak by phone for first time on Saturday Business Trump's cabinet is worth $14 billion Steven Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs Group Inc partner who is Trump's pick to lead the US Treasury Department, was grilled by members ... Doing business in Russia easier than making US $300m investments in Armenia – economist “Under the circumstances, staging a show and claiming that we are creating ... Toshiba to sell slice of smartphone memory chip unit Police seek Brazilian tycoon over corruption claims Apple sues chip-maker Qualcomm in China South Ossetia alternative to Lar for Armenia – Arsen Ghazaryan Apple says dialogue with India on local expansion plans was 'constructive' Science/tech Apollo 1 stars commemorated in US A nearly 10-week investigation determined that an electrical spark, occurring in an environment rich in pure oxygen inside the command module ... Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 "Analysis shows that the number of information attacks at Russian official information resources is on the rise. There were 70 million (such attacks) in 2016..." 6 million years ago, otters the size of wolves roamed China’s wetlands  Vertu Constellation – the latest luxury Android phone that also encrypts calls 24 Teams are competing in Armenia for three places at Mobile World Challenge 2017 in Barcelona Trial finds combination of pancreatic cancer drugs extends survival   Genes determine how young people use internet and social media Culture Bafta-winning actor Sir John Hurt dies at 77 The Bafta-winning star, known for his roles in Alien and The Elephant Man, had been treated for pancreatic cancer ... Mike Connors, ‘Mannix’ star, dies at 91 “Mannix” ran for eight seasons from 1968 to 1975 and was the last series from Desilu Productions. Connors won a Golden Globe for his performance ... Shia LaBeouf arrested in anti-Trump protest (video) Armenian Genocide movie screens in New York preceding Oscar nomination vote Star Wars reveals Episode VIII Shia LaBeouf launches anti-Trump live-stream Celine Dion to perform original song for Disney's 'Beauty and the Beast' Armsport.am Football returns to Aleppo after five years of war "I can't tell you how it feels to return to the pitch (in Aleppo) after five years. My heart's beating so fast..." Tata Steel Chess: Aronian makes peace with Voytashek The sportsman, who played with black pieces, has 6.5 points after the recent round. The tournament’s sole leader now is Wesley So who scored 7.5 ... Oscar De La Hoya arrested over DUI Brazil beat Colombia in Chapecoense benefit game Usain Bolt loses one Olympic gold medal as Nesta Carter tests positive Man Utd to increase Old Trafford to 88,000 and make it the second biggest stadium in Europe Borussia Dortmund extends contract with young Christian Pulisic Lifestyle Baby dolphin dies after tourists take it out of the water for selfies on Argentinian beach (video, photos) The poor animal died on a beach in Argentina, surrounded by ignorant holidaymakers trying to touch and photograph it ... Miss Universe contestant responds to body-shaming with defiant Instagram post The contest has traditionally, and controversially, been one based around appearance so perhaps it is no surprise that some people online decided ... Lookalikes of Trump, North Korea's Kim grab Hong Kong by surprise No need to worry about traffic jams with this stunning $2.5million motor home Zuckerberg ‘not running for president’ Mel Gibson, 61, welcomes ninth child Melania Trump wore $100,000 worth wedding dress in 2005 Event Suspected U.S. commando raid in Yemen kills three al Qaeda members: residents The gunbattle in the rural Yakla district of al-Bayda province killed a senior leader in Yemen's al Qaeda branch, Abdulraoof al-Dhahab, along with his two brothers... China celebrates Year of Rooster The New Year, which officially starts on Saturday, is China's primary annual holiday and is traditionally marked by riotous displays of fireworks and ... Council of Europe marks 16th anniversary of Armenia’s membership Military student dies suddenly, investigation launched Armenian premier asks agriculture minister to negotiate equipment purchase   Last bodies pulled from Italian avalanche hotel, death toll 29 Mexico not to pay for Trump border wall Press digest Zhamanak: Armenian National Congress not to vie for parliament? At the party’s session on Friday, clear hints were reportedly dropped that Khachatur Sukiasyan, a businessman-politician affiliated with the political force, is not planning ... Zhoghovurd: Exodus from Armenia’s ruling party “It is dishonor to continue a member of a party with a national ideology as its basis, whereas it is actually splitting the nation, setting relatives against one another, an Armenian against an Armenian..." Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenia’s natural gas imports from Russia 2.6% down in 2016 Haykakan Zhamanak: Karen Karapetyan’s Moscow trip ‘of historic value’ 168 Zham: Russia continues arms business Hraparak: Some Armenian ministers may be dismissed after elections Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenians travelling to UAE not to need visas Facebook Vkontakte Google+ Twitter Youtube RSS TERT AM, LLC Address: 1 Yeghvard Highway, Yerevan, Armenia, 0054 Tel: +374 (60) 528 528 E-Mail: [email protected] Contact number for ads: 060 511 511, 093 639 312. 2008 - 2017 © Armenian News - Tert.am All rights reserved. Reference to Tert.am is mandatory when making citations. Full or partial televised reading of the website articles is prohibited without reference to Tert.am. The opinions expressed on the website do not have to coincide with the editorial staff’s viewpoints. The website bears no responsibility for the content of ads and press review. Website by Helix []
Tert.am ՀԱՅ РУС ENG Weather in Yerevan +33°C day +21°C night World weather report Rates GBP 633.34 EUR 527.77 GEL 203.35 RUB 7.46 USD 476.41 ArmeniaRegionWorldBusinessScience/techCultureArmsport.amLifestyleEventPress digestInterview - Press digest World Business Event Science/Tech Culture Sport Lifestyle Interview Armenia Region About us Fire erupts at Germany embassy in Yerevan 13:33 • 14.01.17 Tweet The Ministry of Emergency Situation (MES) on Saturday morning received a fire alarm from the German Embassy in Yerevan. The rescue team which immediately headed to the scene saw smoke rolling out from a window of the building’s second floor. The blaze was extinguished at 8:49 am local time. The rescuers found electric heaters and a wall on a window burnt. The Foreign Ministry’s representative at the MES Crisis Management Center was reported on the incident. Tweet LATEST NEWS • All Today news 12:25 • 29/01 Football returns to Aleppo after five years of war 11:12 • 29/01 Suspected U.S. commando raid in Yemen kills three al Qaeda members: residents 10:37 • 29/01 France elections: Socialists choose candidate in final vote 18:03 • 28/01 Tata Steel Chess: Aronian makes peace with Voytashek 17:47 • 28/01 Bafta-winning actor Sir John Hurt dies at 77 17:40 • 28/01 Ex minister vows drastic reforms if elected to parliament 17:00 • 28/01 Trump's cabinet is worth $14 billion 16:04 • 28/01 Lindsay Lohan poses with Turkey’s Erdogan, Syria refugee on Instagram 15:45 • 28/01 We have learned lessons after April war, says Nagorno-Karabakh official 15:02 • 28/01 No war or military action can pave way to breakthrough over Nagorno-Karabakh – Armenian president 14:43 • 28/01 Armenia’s military efficient to react pointedly to Azerbaijani aggression – defense official 14:09 • 28/01 Baby dolphin dies after tourists take it out of the water for selfies on Argentinian beach (video, photos) 13:54 • 28/01 CEC not planning to reschedule parliament polls, says chairman 13:29 • 28/01 China celebrates Year of Rooster 13:10 • 28/01 Apollo 1 stars commemorated in US 12:50 • 28/01 Zhamanak: Armenian National Congress not to vie for parliament? 12:33 • 28/01 Trump closes US borders to Syria refugees 12:22 • 28/01 Armenian Army day marked at military pantheon (photos) 20:01 • 27/01 Probe reveals causes of military student’s death 19:39 • 27/01 CoE Secretary General to visit Georgia on Jan 30 19:22 • 27/01 Mike Connors, ‘Mannix’ star, dies at 91 19:13 • 27/01 French Constitutional Council rejects Genocide denial criminalization bill 18:36 • 27/01 Bundestag remembers Holocaust victims 18:26 • 27/01 German population hits record high of 82.8 million due to migrants 18:13 • 27/01 Council of Europe marks 16th anniversary of Armenia’s membership 17:51 • 27/01 Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 17:29 • 27/01 Russian MPs pass bill to soften domestic violence law 16:59 • 27/01 Doing business in Russia easier than making US $300m investments in Armenia – economist 15:57 • 27/01 Nagorno-Karabakh key foreign policy issue for Russia – spokesperson 15:48 • 27/01 Ombudsman’s representatives visit life-termers 15:25 • 27/01 CSTO offers safeguards only against aggression – ex defense official 15:13 • 27/01 Armenia’s army efficient, capable of accomplishing strategic tasks – minister 14:28 • 27/01 We need free, competitive and fair business environment in Armenia – Karen Karapetyan 13:55 • 27/01 Merkel expected to speak with Trump about Russia on Saturday 13:44 • 27/01 John Heffern’s recent promotion serves to Armenia’s advantage –analyst 13:22 • 27/01 Armenia’s premier, Kuwaiti ambassador discuss development of bilateral economic ties 12:58 • 27/01 Turkey marks Holocaust Remembrance Day 12:45 • 27/01 Military student dies suddenly, investigation launched 12:34 • 27/01 Figures never justify facts – Armenian defense minister on army suicides 11:59 • 27/01 Part of US $200m military equipment delivered to Armenia – defense minister 11:30 • 27/01 Zhoghovurd: Exodus from Armenia’s ruling party 11:05 • 27/01 Putin, Trump to speak by phone for first time on Saturday 10:26 • 27/01 Azerbaijan continues ceasefire violations 10:15 • 27/01 ‘Democratic parliamentary elections vital for us’ – Armenian NA vice-speaker 09:34 • 27/01 Toshiba to sell slice of smartphone memory chip unit 09:21 • 27/01 Mexico condemns Trump's border wall tax proposal 20:26 • 26/01 Armenia’s premier meets with Gyumri businessmen 20:19 • 26/01 Police seek Brazilian tycoon over corruption claims 19:24 • 26/01 New opposition forming in Armenia – Richard Giragosian 19:04 • 26/01 Greece rejects Turkey soldiers' extradition 18:51 • 26/01 Armenia’s prosecutor general, head of CE office in Yerevan discuss issues of mutual interest 18:05 • 26/01 Russia says no direct contacts yet between White House and Kremlin 17:39 • 26/01 No political reason for ex-premier’s statement on secession from ruling party – Eduard Sharmazanov 17:03 • 26/01 Apple sues chip-maker Qualcomm in China 16:52 • 26/01 Armenia interested in Eurasian integration potentials – Karen Karapetyan 16:43 • 26/01 Oscar De La Hoya arrested over DUI 16:30 • 26/01 Ensuring trade turnover growth priority of Armenian-Russian investment fund – minister 16:19 • 26/01 Visa free travel to boost tourism between Armenia, Russia – premier 15:38 • 26/01 US $500 investments in Armenia expected - minister 15:24 • 26/01 US warns over anti-American violence threats in Turkey 15:14 • 26/01 Shia LaBeouf arrested in anti-Trump protest (video) 15:00 • 26/01 Miss Universe contestant responds to body-shaming with defiant Instagram post 14:46 • 26/01 Trump pledges to ‘do absolutely safe zones' in Syria 14:42 • 26/01 Ex US ambassador to Armenia appointed acting secretary 14:35 • 26/01 South Ossetia alternative to Lar for Armenia – Arsen Ghazaryan 14:17 • 26/01 Armenian NGOs concerned over increasing non-combat deaths in army 13:41 • 26/01 Armenia’s premier orders formation of Armenian-Russian investment fund 13:30 • 26/01 Cabinet backs aid plan for Syrian-Armenians 13:15 • 26/01 Armenian premier asks agriculture minister to negotiate equipment purchase   13:00 • 26/01 Affordable housing program: compulsory prepayments need reducing – premier 12:49 • 26/01 6 million years ago, otters the size of wolves roamed China’s wetlands 12:16 • 26/01 Last bodies pulled from Italian avalanche hotel, death toll 29 12:06 • 26/01 Karen Karapetyan asks cabinet to move on expanding tourism services for Russians   11:35 • 26/01 Situation calm in border village after Azerbaijani gunfire, says mayor 11:08 • 26/01 Nagorno-Karbakh reports relative calm on Line of Contact 10:57 • 26/01 Trump prepares orders aiming at global funding and tsreaties 10:49 • 26/01 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenia’s natural gas imports from Russia 2.6% down in 2016 10:17 • 26/01 Russian investments preferable to offshore capital – Armenian economist 09:00 • 26/01 Brazil beat Colombia in Chapecoense benefit game 08:30 • 26/01 Mexico not to pay for Trump border wall 08:16 • 26/01 British fighter jets escort Russia's Admiral Kuznetsov on its way from Syria 19:53 • 25/01 Apple says dialogue with India on local expansion plans was 'constructive' 19:16 • 25/01 Usain Bolt loses one Olympic gold medal as Nesta Carter tests positive 18:41 • 25/01 Lookalikes of Trump, North Korea's Kim grab Hong Kong by surprise 18:27 • 25/01 Armenia’s ex-premier leaves ruling party 17:32 • 25/01 Boeing sets cash flow record, lifts 2017 forecast for jet output 17:13 • 25/01  Vertu Constellation – the latest luxury Android phone that also encrypts calls 17:02 • 25/01 Armenia’s economic development minister, Russia’s industry minister sign memorandum of cooperation 16:53 • 25/01 24 Teams are competing in Armenia for three places at Mobile World Challenge 2017 in Barcelona 16:34 • 25/01 Iranian businessmen briefed on multi-modal transportation plan in Yerevan 16:13 • 25/01 People will rise against N Korean regime, says defector 16:02 • 25/01 Yerevan hosts Eurasia Mobile Challenge finalists 15:28 • 25/01 Samsung Galaxy S8 could be the fastest Android phone EVER, thanks to this exclusive deal 15:16 • 25/01 No need to worry about traffic jams with this stunning $2.5million motor home 15:05 • 25/01 ‘Last-minute’ alliances have bad end - MP 14:54 • 25/01 Armenian conscript found dead in defense post   14:46 • 25/01 Man Utd to increase Old Trafford to 88,000 and make it the second biggest stadium in Europe 14:35 • 25/01 Armenian Genocide movie screens in New York preceding Oscar nomination vote 14:22 • 25/01 Zuckerberg ‘not running for president’ 14:10 • 25/01 Jailed Israeli blogger appeals against extradition Most popular articles Today Yesterday For a week 15:45 • 28/01 We have learned lessons after April war, says Nagorno-Karabakh official 17:40 • 28/01 Ex minister vows drastic reforms if elected to parliament 14:43 • 28/01 Armenia’s military efficient to react pointedly to Azerbaijani aggression – defense official 15:02 • 28/01 No war or military action can pave way to breakthrough over Nagorno-Karabakh – Armenian president 13:10 • 28/01 Apollo 1 stars commemorated in US 18:03 • 28/01 Tata Steel Chess: Aronian makes peace with Voytashek 17:00 • 28/01 Trump's cabinet is worth $14 billion 16:04 • 28/01 Lindsay Lohan poses with Turkey’s Erdogan, Syria refugee on Instagram 14:09 • 28/01 Baby dolphin dies after tourists take it out of the water for selfies on Argentinian beach (video, photos) 13:54 • 28/01 CEC not planning to reschedule parliament polls, says chairman 13:29 • 28/01 China celebrates Year of Rooster 17:47 • 28/01 Bafta-winning actor Sir John Hurt dies at 77 10:37 • 29/01 France elections: Socialists choose candidate in final vote 11:12 • 29/01 Suspected U.S. commando raid in Yemen kills three al Qaeda members: residents 12:25 • 29/01 Football returns to Aleppo after five years of war 15:45 • 28/01 We have learned lessons after April war, says Nagorno-Karabakh official 17:40 • 28/01 Ex minister vows drastic reforms if elected to parliament 14:43 • 28/01 Armenia’s military efficient to react pointedly to Azerbaijani aggression – defense official 15:02 • 28/01 No war or military action can pave way to breakthrough over Nagorno-Karabakh – Armenian president 13:10 • 28/01 Apollo 1 stars commemorated in US 18:03 • 28/01 Tata Steel Chess: Aronian makes peace with Voytashek 17:00 • 28/01 Trump's cabinet is worth $14 billion 16:04 • 28/01 Lindsay Lohan poses with Turkey’s Erdogan, Syria refugee on Instagram 14:09 • 28/01 Baby dolphin dies after tourists take it out of the water for selfies on Argentinian beach (video, photos) 13:54 • 28/01 CEC not planning to reschedule parliament polls, says chairman 13:29 • 28/01 China celebrates Year of Rooster 17:47 • 28/01 Bafta-winning actor Sir John Hurt dies at 77 10:37 • 29/01 France elections: Socialists choose candidate in final vote 11:12 • 29/01 Suspected U.S. commando raid in Yemen kills three al Qaeda members: residents 12:25 • 29/01 Football returns to Aleppo after five years of war 13:44 • 27/01 John Heffern’s recent promotion serves to Armenia’s advantage –analyst 20:01 • 27/01 Probe reveals causes of military student’s death 12:22 • 28/01 Armenian Army day marked at military pantheon (photos) 15:13 • 27/01 Armenia’s army efficient, capable of accomplishing strategic tasks – minister 18:13 • 27/01 Council of Europe marks 16th anniversary of Armenia’s membership 19:22 • 27/01 Mike Connors, ‘Mannix’ star, dies at 91 19:39 • 27/01 CoE Secretary General to visit Georgia on Jan 30 13:22 • 27/01 Armenia’s premier, Kuwaiti ambassador discuss development of bilateral economic ties 12:33 • 28/01 Trump closes US borders to Syria refugees 17:51 • 27/01 Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 17:29 • 27/01 Russian MPs pass bill to soften domestic violence law 13:55 • 27/01 Merkel expected to speak with Trump about Russia on Saturday 15:25 • 27/01 CSTO offers safeguards only against aggression – ex defense official 15:57 • 27/01 Nagorno-Karabakh key foreign policy issue for Russia – spokesperson 19:13 • 27/01 French Constitutional Council rejects Genocide denial criminalization bill 18:36 • 27/01 Bundestag remembers Holocaust victims 15:48 • 27/01 Ombudsman’s representatives visit life-termers 18:26 • 27/01 German population hits record high of 82.8 million due to migrants 14:28 • 27/01 We need free, competitive and fair business environment in Armenia – Karen Karapetyan 16:59 • 27/01 Doing business in Russia easier than making US $300m investments in Armenia – economist 19:23 • 24/01 Bomb planted under state of Azerbaijan may go off at any moment – David Babayan 14:54 • 24/01 Turkish folk singer claims to be father of Adele 16:32 • 23/01 Israel opposed to jailed blogger’s extradition to Azerbaijan – ambassador 15:38 • 26/01 US $500 investments in Armenia expected - minister 15:13 • 22/01 Constitutional referendum in Nagorno-Karabakh will not be marred by vote rigging in - MP 14:31 • 24/01 Armenia-EU agreement: negotiations nearing completion - Piotr Świtalski 14:43 • 23/01 'We don’t concentrate much on our success. We continuously try to go forward' - co-founder of PicsArt 12:11 • 25/01 2017 could be worse period for Karabakh conflict – Thomas de Waal 13:18 • 25/01 The rise of Gladys Berejiklian to premier – The Sydney Morning Herald 17:45 • 23/01 Killed Nagorno-Karabakh sergeant fatally shot by fellow serviceman 11:48 • 24/01 New Armenian airline plan discussed in Moscow 13:44 • 27/01 John Heffern’s recent promotion serves to Armenia’s advantage –analyst 14:17 • 23/01 NATO is a terror organization, says AKP deputy Tayyar 19:24 • 26/01 New opposition forming in Armenia – Richard Giragosian 13:00 • 23/01 Turkey ruled by fascism – columnist 11:38 • 23/01 Turkish culture minister attends Hrand Dink commemoration 15:45 • 28/01 We have learned lessons after April war, says Nagorno-Karabakh official 12:58 • 27/01 Turkey marks Holocaust Remembrance Day 15:13 • 27/01 Armenia’s army efficient, capable of accomplishing strategic tasks – minister 17:11 • 24/01 Armenia-Iran-Turkmenistan cooperation plan promising – expert Armenia We have learned lessons after April war, says Nagorno-Karabakh official Vitaly Balasanyan said the modernized defense system guarantees full security for all the border communities ... Probe reveals causes of military student’s death Samvel Apinyan, who suddenly felt bad on the drill ground, suffered from heart failure and pulmonary ... Ombudsman’s representatives visit life-termers Armenia’s premier, Kuwaiti ambassador discuss development of bilateral economic ties Figures never justify facts – Armenian defense minister on army suicides Azerbaijan continues ceasefire violations ‘Democratic parliamentary elections vital for us’ – Armenian NA vice-speaker Region Lindsay Lohan poses with Turkey’s Erdogan, Syria refugee on Instagram “What a dream it is for Mr. President Erdogan and The First Lady to invite me to their home,” the 30-year-old actress captioned the photo ... CoE Secretary General to visit Georgia on Jan 30 Thorbjørn Jagland will have meetings with President Giorgi Margvelashvili, Prime-Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili, Foreign Minister ... Turkey marks Holocaust Remembrance Day US warns over anti-American violence threats in Turkey Jailed Israeli blogger appeals against extradition Turkey to announce date of constitutional referendum this week: PM Yildirim Turkish folk singer claims to be father of Adele World France elections: Socialists choose candidate in final vote Sunday's Socialist primary has seen Mr Hamon, 49, suddenly surge in popularity with a range of liberal proposals, including a proposal for a universal monthly income for all citizens... Trump closes US borders to Syria refugees Mr Trump said the measures were part of new measures to "keep radical Islamic terrorists out of the US". Rights groups have condemned the move ... Bundestag remembers Holocaust victims German population hits record high of 82.8 million due to migrants Russian MPs pass bill to soften domestic violence law Merkel expected to speak with Trump about Russia on Saturday Putin, Trump to speak by phone for first time on Saturday Business Trump's cabinet is worth $14 billion Steven Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs Group Inc partner who is Trump's pick to lead the US Treasury Department, was grilled by members ... Doing business in Russia easier than making US $300m investments in Armenia – economist “Under the circumstances, staging a show and claiming that we are creating ... Toshiba to sell slice of smartphone memory chip unit Police seek Brazilian tycoon over corruption claims Apple sues chip-maker Qualcomm in China South Ossetia alternative to Lar for Armenia – Arsen Ghazaryan Apple says dialogue with India on local expansion plans was 'constructive' Science/tech Apollo 1 stars commemorated in US A nearly 10-week investigation determined that an electrical spark, occurring in an environment rich in pure oxygen inside the command module ... Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 "Analysis shows that the number of information attacks at Russian official information resources is on the rise. There were 70 million (such attacks) in 2016..." 6 million years ago, otters the size of wolves roamed China’s wetlands  Vertu Constellation – the latest luxury Android phone that also encrypts calls 24 Teams are competing in Armenia for three places at Mobile World Challenge 2017 in Barcelona Trial finds combination of pancreatic cancer drugs extends survival   Genes determine how young people use internet and social media Culture Bafta-winning actor Sir John Hurt dies at 77 The Bafta-winning star, known for his roles in Alien and The Elephant Man, had been treated for pancreatic cancer ... Mike Connors, ‘Mannix’ star, dies at 91 “Mannix” ran for eight seasons from 1968 to 1975 and was the last series from Desilu Productions. Connors won a Golden Globe for his performance ... Shia LaBeouf arrested in anti-Trump protest (video) Armenian Genocide movie screens in New York preceding Oscar nomination vote Star Wars reveals Episode VIII Shia LaBeouf launches anti-Trump live-stream Celine Dion to perform original song for Disney's 'Beauty and the Beast' Armsport.am Football returns to Aleppo after five years of war "I can't tell you how it feels to return to the pitch (in Aleppo) after five years. My heart's beating so fast..." Tata Steel Chess: Aronian makes peace with Voytashek The sportsman, who played with black pieces, has 6.5 points after the recent round. The tournament’s sole leader now is Wesley So who scored 7.5 ... Oscar De La Hoya arrested over DUI Brazil beat Colombia in Chapecoense benefit game Usain Bolt loses one Olympic gold medal as Nesta Carter tests positive Man Utd to increase Old Trafford to 88,000 and make it the second biggest stadium in Europe Borussia Dortmund extends contract with young Christian Pulisic Lifestyle Baby dolphin dies after tourists take it out of the water for selfies on Argentinian beach (video, photos) The poor animal died on a beach in Argentina, surrounded by ignorant holidaymakers trying to touch and photograph it ... Miss Universe contestant responds to body-shaming with defiant Instagram post The contest has traditionally, and controversially, been one based around appearance so perhaps it is no surprise that some people online decided ... Lookalikes of Trump, North Korea's Kim grab Hong Kong by surprise No need to worry about traffic jams with this stunning $2.5million motor home Zuckerberg ‘not running for president’ Mel Gibson, 61, welcomes ninth child Melania Trump wore $100,000 worth wedding dress in 2005 Event Suspected U.S. commando raid in Yemen kills three al Qaeda members: residents The gunbattle in the rural Yakla district of al-Bayda province killed a senior leader in Yemen's al Qaeda branch, Abdulraoof al-Dhahab, along with his two brothers... China celebrates Year of Rooster The New Year, which officially starts on Saturday, is China's primary annual holiday and is traditionally marked by riotous displays of fireworks and ... Council of Europe marks 16th anniversary of Armenia’s membership Military student dies suddenly, investigation launched Armenian premier asks agriculture minister to negotiate equipment purchase   Last bodies pulled from Italian avalanche hotel, death toll 29 Mexico not to pay for Trump border wall Press digest Zhamanak: Armenian National Congress not to vie for parliament? At the party’s session on Friday, clear hints were reportedly dropped that Khachatur Sukiasyan, a businessman-politician affiliated with the political force, is not planning ... Zhoghovurd: Exodus from Armenia’s ruling party “It is dishonor to continue a member of a party with a national ideology as its basis, whereas it is actually splitting the nation, setting relatives against one another, an Armenian against an Armenian..." Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenia’s natural gas imports from Russia 2.6% down in 2016 Haykakan Zhamanak: Karen Karapetyan’s Moscow trip ‘of historic value’ 168 Zham: Russia continues arms business Hraparak: Some Armenian ministers may be dismissed after elections Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenians travelling to UAE not to need visas Facebook Vkontakte Google+ Twitter Youtube RSS TERT AM, LLC Address: 1 Yeghvard Highway, Yerevan, Armenia, 0054 Tel: +374 (60) 528 528 E-Mail: [email protected] Contact number for ads: 060 511 511, 093 639 312. 2008 - 2017 © Armenian News - Tert.am All rights reserved. Reference to Tert.am is mandatory when making citations. Full or partial televised reading of the website articles is prohibited without reference to Tert.am. The opinions expressed on the website do not have to coincide with the editorial staff’s viewpoints. The website bears no responsibility for the content of ads and press review. Website by Helix []
Tert.am ՀԱՅ РУС ENG Weather in Yerevan +33°C day +21°C night World weather report Rates GBP 633.34 EUR 527.77 GEL 203.35 RUB 7.46 USD 476.41 ArmeniaRegionWorldBusinessScience/techCultureArmsport.amLifestyleEventPress digestInterview - Press digest World Business Event Science/Tech Culture Sport Lifestyle Interview Armenia Region About us Azerbaijan shoots grenade fire on Karabakh frontline 12:17 • 14.01.17 Tweet Azerbaijan’s armed forces violated the ceasefire along the Line of Contact about 40 times overnight, releasing 500 gunshots against Armenian defense troops from weapons of different calibers. According to Nagorno-Karabakh’s Ministry of Defense, the adversary also used an AGS-17 grenade launcher. The advance military units of the Defense Army continued their defense operations on the frontline, taking retaliatory action upon necessity. Tweet LATEST NEWS • All Today news 12:25 • 29/01 Football returns to Aleppo after five years of war 11:12 • 29/01 Suspected U.S. commando raid in Yemen kills three al Qaeda members: residents 10:37 • 29/01 France elections: Socialists choose candidate in final vote 18:03 • 28/01 Tata Steel Chess: Aronian makes peace with Voytashek 17:47 • 28/01 Bafta-winning actor Sir John Hurt dies at 77 17:40 • 28/01 Ex minister vows drastic reforms if elected to parliament 17:00 • 28/01 Trump's cabinet is worth $14 billion 16:04 • 28/01 Lindsay Lohan poses with Turkey’s Erdogan, Syria refugee on Instagram 15:45 • 28/01 We have learned lessons after April war, says Nagorno-Karabakh official 15:02 • 28/01 No war or military action can pave way to breakthrough over Nagorno-Karabakh – Armenian president 14:43 • 28/01 Armenia’s military efficient to react pointedly to Azerbaijani aggression – defense official 14:09 • 28/01 Baby dolphin dies after tourists take it out of the water for selfies on Argentinian beach (video, photos) 13:54 • 28/01 CEC not planning to reschedule parliament polls, says chairman 13:29 • 28/01 China celebrates Year of Rooster 13:10 • 28/01 Apollo 1 stars commemorated in US 12:50 • 28/01 Zhamanak: Armenian National Congress not to vie for parliament? 12:33 • 28/01 Trump closes US borders to Syria refugees 12:22 • 28/01 Armenian Army day marked at military pantheon (photos) 20:01 • 27/01 Probe reveals causes of military student’s death 19:39 • 27/01 CoE Secretary General to visit Georgia on Jan 30 19:22 • 27/01 Mike Connors, ‘Mannix’ star, dies at 91 19:13 • 27/01 French Constitutional Council rejects Genocide denial criminalization bill 18:36 • 27/01 Bundestag remembers Holocaust victims 18:26 • 27/01 German population hits record high of 82.8 million due to migrants 18:13 • 27/01 Council of Europe marks 16th anniversary of Armenia’s membership 17:51 • 27/01 Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 17:29 • 27/01 Russian MPs pass bill to soften domestic violence law 16:59 • 27/01 Doing business in Russia easier than making US $300m investments in Armenia – economist 15:57 • 27/01 Nagorno-Karabakh key foreign policy issue for Russia – spokesperson 15:48 • 27/01 Ombudsman’s representatives visit life-termers 15:25 • 27/01 CSTO offers safeguards only against aggression – ex defense official 15:13 • 27/01 Armenia’s army efficient, capable of accomplishing strategic tasks – minister 14:28 • 27/01 We need free, competitive and fair business environment in Armenia – Karen Karapetyan 13:55 • 27/01 Merkel expected to speak with Trump about Russia on Saturday 13:44 • 27/01 John Heffern’s recent promotion serves to Armenia’s advantage –analyst 13:22 • 27/01 Armenia’s premier, Kuwaiti ambassador discuss development of bilateral economic ties 12:58 • 27/01 Turkey marks Holocaust Remembrance Day 12:45 • 27/01 Military student dies suddenly, investigation launched 12:34 • 27/01 Figures never justify facts – Armenian defense minister on army suicides 11:59 • 27/01 Part of US $200m military equipment delivered to Armenia – defense minister 11:30 • 27/01 Zhoghovurd: Exodus from Armenia’s ruling party 11:05 • 27/01 Putin, Trump to speak by phone for first time on Saturday 10:26 • 27/01 Azerbaijan continues ceasefire violations 10:15 • 27/01 ‘Democratic parliamentary elections vital for us’ – Armenian NA vice-speaker 09:34 • 27/01 Toshiba to sell slice of smartphone memory chip unit 09:21 • 27/01 Mexico condemns Trump's border wall tax proposal 20:26 • 26/01 Armenia’s premier meets with Gyumri businessmen 20:19 • 26/01 Police seek Brazilian tycoon over corruption claims 19:24 • 26/01 New opposition forming in Armenia – Richard Giragosian 19:04 • 26/01 Greece rejects Turkey soldiers' extradition 18:51 • 26/01 Armenia’s prosecutor general, head of CE office in Yerevan discuss issues of mutual interest 18:05 • 26/01 Russia says no direct contacts yet between White House and Kremlin 17:39 • 26/01 No political reason for ex-premier’s statement on secession from ruling party – Eduard Sharmazanov 17:03 • 26/01 Apple sues chip-maker Qualcomm in China 16:52 • 26/01 Armenia interested in Eurasian integration potentials – Karen Karapetyan 16:43 • 26/01 Oscar De La Hoya arrested over DUI 16:30 • 26/01 Ensuring trade turnover growth priority of Armenian-Russian investment fund – minister 16:19 • 26/01 Visa free travel to boost tourism between Armenia, Russia – premier 15:38 • 26/01 US $500 investments in Armenia expected - minister 15:24 • 26/01 US warns over anti-American violence threats in Turkey 15:14 • 26/01 Shia LaBeouf arrested in anti-Trump protest (video) 15:00 • 26/01 Miss Universe contestant responds to body-shaming with defiant Instagram post 14:46 • 26/01 Trump pledges to ‘do absolutely safe zones' in Syria 14:42 • 26/01 Ex US ambassador to Armenia appointed acting secretary 14:35 • 26/01 South Ossetia alternative to Lar for Armenia – Arsen Ghazaryan 14:17 • 26/01 Armenian NGOs concerned over increasing non-combat deaths in army 13:41 • 26/01 Armenia’s premier orders formation of Armenian-Russian investment fund 13:30 • 26/01 Cabinet backs aid plan for Syrian-Armenians 13:15 • 26/01 Armenian premier asks agriculture minister to negotiate equipment purchase   13:00 • 26/01 Affordable housing program: compulsory prepayments need reducing – premier 12:49 • 26/01 6 million years ago, otters the size of wolves roamed China’s wetlands 12:16 • 26/01 Last bodies pulled from Italian avalanche hotel, death toll 29 12:06 • 26/01 Karen Karapetyan asks cabinet to move on expanding tourism services for Russians   11:35 • 26/01 Situation calm in border village after Azerbaijani gunfire, says mayor 11:08 • 26/01 Nagorno-Karbakh reports relative calm on Line of Contact 10:57 • 26/01 Trump prepares orders aiming at global funding and tsreaties 10:49 • 26/01 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenia’s natural gas imports from Russia 2.6% down in 2016 10:17 • 26/01 Russian investments preferable to offshore capital – Armenian economist 09:00 • 26/01 Brazil beat Colombia in Chapecoense benefit game 08:30 • 26/01 Mexico not to pay for Trump border wall 08:16 • 26/01 British fighter jets escort Russia's Admiral Kuznetsov on its way from Syria 19:53 • 25/01 Apple says dialogue with India on local expansion plans was 'constructive' 19:16 • 25/01 Usain Bolt loses one Olympic gold medal as Nesta Carter tests positive 18:41 • 25/01 Lookalikes of Trump, North Korea's Kim grab Hong Kong by surprise 18:27 • 25/01 Armenia’s ex-premier leaves ruling party 17:32 • 25/01 Boeing sets cash flow record, lifts 2017 forecast for jet output 17:13 • 25/01  Vertu Constellation – the latest luxury Android phone that also encrypts calls 17:02 • 25/01 Armenia’s economic development minister, Russia’s industry minister sign memorandum of cooperation 16:53 • 25/01 24 Teams are competing in Armenia for three places at Mobile World Challenge 2017 in Barcelona 16:34 • 25/01 Iranian businessmen briefed on multi-modal transportation plan in Yerevan 16:13 • 25/01 People will rise against N Korean regime, says defector 16:02 • 25/01 Yerevan hosts Eurasia Mobile Challenge finalists 15:28 • 25/01 Samsung Galaxy S8 could be the fastest Android phone EVER, thanks to this exclusive deal 15:16 • 25/01 No need to worry about traffic jams with this stunning $2.5million motor home 15:05 • 25/01 ‘Last-minute’ alliances have bad end - MP 14:54 • 25/01 Armenian conscript found dead in defense post   14:46 • 25/01 Man Utd to increase Old Trafford to 88,000 and make it the second biggest stadium in Europe 14:35 • 25/01 Armenian Genocide movie screens in New York preceding Oscar nomination vote 14:22 • 25/01 Zuckerberg ‘not running for president’ 14:10 • 25/01 Jailed Israeli blogger appeals against extradition Most popular articles Today Yesterday For a week 15:45 • 28/01 We have learned lessons after April war, says Nagorno-Karabakh official 17:40 • 28/01 Ex minister vows drastic reforms if elected to parliament 14:43 • 28/01 Armenia’s military efficient to react pointedly to Azerbaijani aggression – defense official 15:02 • 28/01 No war or military action can pave way to breakthrough over Nagorno-Karabakh – Armenian president 13:10 • 28/01 Apollo 1 stars commemorated in US 18:03 • 28/01 Tata Steel Chess: Aronian makes peace with Voytashek 17:00 • 28/01 Trump's cabinet is worth $14 billion 16:04 • 28/01 Lindsay Lohan poses with Turkey’s Erdogan, Syria refugee on Instagram 14:09 • 28/01 Baby dolphin dies after tourists take it out of the water for selfies on Argentinian beach (video, photos) 13:54 • 28/01 CEC not planning to reschedule parliament polls, says chairman 13:29 • 28/01 China celebrates Year of Rooster 17:47 • 28/01 Bafta-winning actor Sir John Hurt dies at 77 10:37 • 29/01 France elections: Socialists choose candidate in final vote 11:12 • 29/01 Suspected U.S. commando raid in Yemen kills three al Qaeda members: residents 12:25 • 29/01 Football returns to Aleppo after five years of war 15:45 • 28/01 We have learned lessons after April war, says Nagorno-Karabakh official 17:40 • 28/01 Ex minister vows drastic reforms if elected to parliament 14:43 • 28/01 Armenia’s military efficient to react pointedly to Azerbaijani aggression – defense official 15:02 • 28/01 No war or military action can pave way to breakthrough over Nagorno-Karabakh – Armenian president 13:10 • 28/01 Apollo 1 stars commemorated in US 18:03 • 28/01 Tata Steel Chess: Aronian makes peace with Voytashek 17:00 • 28/01 Trump's cabinet is worth $14 billion 16:04 • 28/01 Lindsay Lohan poses with Turkey’s Erdogan, Syria refugee on Instagram 14:09 • 28/01 Baby dolphin dies after tourists take it out of the water for selfies on Argentinian beach (video, photos) 13:54 • 28/01 CEC not planning to reschedule parliament polls, says chairman 13:29 • 28/01 China celebrates Year of Rooster 17:47 • 28/01 Bafta-winning actor Sir John Hurt dies at 77 10:37 • 29/01 France elections: Socialists choose candidate in final vote 11:12 • 29/01 Suspected U.S. commando raid in Yemen kills three al Qaeda members: residents 12:25 • 29/01 Football returns to Aleppo after five years of war 13:44 • 27/01 John Heffern’s recent promotion serves to Armenia’s advantage –analyst 20:01 • 27/01 Probe reveals causes of military student’s death 12:22 • 28/01 Armenian Army day marked at military pantheon (photos) 15:13 • 27/01 Armenia’s army efficient, capable of accomplishing strategic tasks – minister 18:13 • 27/01 Council of Europe marks 16th anniversary of Armenia’s membership 19:22 • 27/01 Mike Connors, ‘Mannix’ star, dies at 91 19:39 • 27/01 CoE Secretary General to visit Georgia on Jan 30 13:22 • 27/01 Armenia’s premier, Kuwaiti ambassador discuss development of bilateral economic ties 12:33 • 28/01 Trump closes US borders to Syria refugees 17:51 • 27/01 Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 17:29 • 27/01 Russian MPs pass bill to soften domestic violence law 13:55 • 27/01 Merkel expected to speak with Trump about Russia on Saturday 15:25 • 27/01 CSTO offers safeguards only against aggression – ex defense official 15:57 • 27/01 Nagorno-Karabakh key foreign policy issue for Russia – spokesperson 19:13 • 27/01 French Constitutional Council rejects Genocide denial criminalization bill 18:36 • 27/01 Bundestag remembers Holocaust victims 15:48 • 27/01 Ombudsman’s representatives visit life-termers 18:26 • 27/01 German population hits record high of 82.8 million due to migrants 14:28 • 27/01 We need free, competitive and fair business environment in Armenia – Karen Karapetyan 16:59 • 27/01 Doing business in Russia easier than making US $300m investments in Armenia – economist 19:23 • 24/01 Bomb planted under state of Azerbaijan may go off at any moment – David Babayan 14:54 • 24/01 Turkish folk singer claims to be father of Adele 16:32 • 23/01 Israel opposed to jailed blogger’s extradition to Azerbaijan – ambassador 15:38 • 26/01 US $500 investments in Armenia expected - minister 15:13 • 22/01 Constitutional referendum in Nagorno-Karabakh will not be marred by vote rigging in - MP 14:31 • 24/01 Armenia-EU agreement: negotiations nearing completion - Piotr Świtalski 14:43 • 23/01 'We don’t concentrate much on our success. We continuously try to go forward' - co-founder of PicsArt 12:11 • 25/01 2017 could be worse period for Karabakh conflict – Thomas de Waal 13:18 • 25/01 The rise of Gladys Berejiklian to premier – The Sydney Morning Herald 17:45 • 23/01 Killed Nagorno-Karabakh sergeant fatally shot by fellow serviceman 11:48 • 24/01 New Armenian airline plan discussed in Moscow 13:44 • 27/01 John Heffern’s recent promotion serves to Armenia’s advantage –analyst 14:17 • 23/01 NATO is a terror organization, says AKP deputy Tayyar 19:24 • 26/01 New opposition forming in Armenia – Richard Giragosian 13:00 • 23/01 Turkey ruled by fascism – columnist 11:38 • 23/01 Turkish culture minister attends Hrand Dink commemoration 15:45 • 28/01 We have learned lessons after April war, says Nagorno-Karabakh official 12:58 • 27/01 Turkey marks Holocaust Remembrance Day 15:13 • 27/01 Armenia’s army efficient, capable of accomplishing strategic tasks – minister 17:11 • 24/01 Armenia-Iran-Turkmenistan cooperation plan promising – expert Armenia We have learned lessons after April war, says Nagorno-Karabakh official Vitaly Balasanyan said the modernized defense system guarantees full security for all the border communities ... Probe reveals causes of military student’s death Samvel Apinyan, who suddenly felt bad on the drill ground, suffered from heart failure and pulmonary ... Ombudsman’s representatives visit life-termers Armenia’s premier, Kuwaiti ambassador discuss development of bilateral economic ties Figures never justify facts – Armenian defense minister on army suicides Azerbaijan continues ceasefire violations ‘Democratic parliamentary elections vital for us’ – Armenian NA vice-speaker Region Lindsay Lohan poses with Turkey’s Erdogan, Syria refugee on Instagram “What a dream it is for Mr. President Erdogan and The First Lady to invite me to their home,” the 30-year-old actress captioned the photo ... CoE Secretary General to visit Georgia on Jan 30 Thorbjørn Jagland will have meetings with President Giorgi Margvelashvili, Prime-Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili, Foreign Minister ... Turkey marks Holocaust Remembrance Day US warns over anti-American violence threats in Turkey Jailed Israeli blogger appeals against extradition Turkey to announce date of constitutional referendum this week: PM Yildirim Turkish folk singer claims to be father of Adele World France elections: Socialists choose candidate in final vote Sunday's Socialist primary has seen Mr Hamon, 49, suddenly surge in popularity with a range of liberal proposals, including a proposal for a universal monthly income for all citizens... Trump closes US borders to Syria refugees Mr Trump said the measures were part of new measures to "keep radical Islamic terrorists out of the US". Rights groups have condemned the move ... Bundestag remembers Holocaust victims German population hits record high of 82.8 million due to migrants Russian MPs pass bill to soften domestic violence law Merkel expected to speak with Trump about Russia on Saturday Putin, Trump to speak by phone for first time on Saturday Business Trump's cabinet is worth $14 billion Steven Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs Group Inc partner who is Trump's pick to lead the US Treasury Department, was grilled by members ... Doing business in Russia easier than making US $300m investments in Armenia – economist “Under the circumstances, staging a show and claiming that we are creating ... Toshiba to sell slice of smartphone memory chip unit Police seek Brazilian tycoon over corruption claims Apple sues chip-maker Qualcomm in China South Ossetia alternative to Lar for Armenia – Arsen Ghazaryan Apple says dialogue with India on local expansion plans was 'constructive' Science/tech Apollo 1 stars commemorated in US A nearly 10-week investigation determined that an electrical spark, occurring in an environment rich in pure oxygen inside the command module ... Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 "Analysis shows that the number of information attacks at Russian official information resources is on the rise. There were 70 million (such attacks) in 2016..." 6 million years ago, otters the size of wolves roamed China’s wetlands  Vertu Constellation – the latest luxury Android phone that also encrypts calls 24 Teams are competing in Armenia for three places at Mobile World Challenge 2017 in Barcelona Trial finds combination of pancreatic cancer drugs extends survival   Genes determine how young people use internet and social media Culture Bafta-winning actor Sir John Hurt dies at 77 The Bafta-winning star, known for his roles in Alien and The Elephant Man, had been treated for pancreatic cancer ... Mike Connors, ‘Mannix’ star, dies at 91 “Mannix” ran for eight seasons from 1968 to 1975 and was the last series from Desilu Productions. Connors won a Golden Globe for his performance ... Shia LaBeouf arrested in anti-Trump protest (video) Armenian Genocide movie screens in New York preceding Oscar nomination vote Star Wars reveals Episode VIII Shia LaBeouf launches anti-Trump live-stream Celine Dion to perform original song for Disney's 'Beauty and the Beast' Armsport.am Football returns to Aleppo after five years of war "I can't tell you how it feels to return to the pitch (in Aleppo) after five years. My heart's beating so fast..." Tata Steel Chess: Aronian makes peace with Voytashek The sportsman, who played with black pieces, has 6.5 points after the recent round. The tournament’s sole leader now is Wesley So who scored 7.5 ... Oscar De La Hoya arrested over DUI Brazil beat Colombia in Chapecoense benefit game Usain Bolt loses one Olympic gold medal as Nesta Carter tests positive Man Utd to increase Old Trafford to 88,000 and make it the second biggest stadium in Europe Borussia Dortmund extends contract with young Christian Pulisic Lifestyle Baby dolphin dies after tourists take it out of the water for selfies on Argentinian beach (video, photos) The poor animal died on a beach in Argentina, surrounded by ignorant holidaymakers trying to touch and photograph it ... Miss Universe contestant responds to body-shaming with defiant Instagram post The contest has traditionally, and controversially, been one based around appearance so perhaps it is no surprise that some people online decided ... Lookalikes of Trump, North Korea's Kim grab Hong Kong by surprise No need to worry about traffic jams with this stunning $2.5million motor home Zuckerberg ‘not running for president’ Mel Gibson, 61, welcomes ninth child Melania Trump wore $100,000 worth wedding dress in 2005 Event Suspected U.S. commando raid in Yemen kills three al Qaeda members: residents The gunbattle in the rural Yakla district of al-Bayda province killed a senior leader in Yemen's al Qaeda branch, Abdulraoof al-Dhahab, along with his two brothers... China celebrates Year of Rooster The New Year, which officially starts on Saturday, is China's primary annual holiday and is traditionally marked by riotous displays of fireworks and ... Council of Europe marks 16th anniversary of Armenia’s membership Military student dies suddenly, investigation launched Armenian premier asks agriculture minister to negotiate equipment purchase   Last bodies pulled from Italian avalanche hotel, death toll 29 Mexico not to pay for Trump border wall Press digest Zhamanak: Armenian National Congress not to vie for parliament? At the party’s session on Friday, clear hints were reportedly dropped that Khachatur Sukiasyan, a businessman-politician affiliated with the political force, is not planning ... Zhoghovurd: Exodus from Armenia’s ruling party “It is dishonor to continue a member of a party with a national ideology as its basis, whereas it is actually splitting the nation, setting relatives against one another, an Armenian against an Armenian..." Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenia’s natural gas imports from Russia 2.6% down in 2016 Haykakan Zhamanak: Karen Karapetyan’s Moscow trip ‘of historic value’ 168 Zham: Russia continues arms business Hraparak: Some Armenian ministers may be dismissed after elections Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenians travelling to UAE not to need visas Facebook Vkontakte Google+ Twitter Youtube RSS TERT AM, LLC Address: 1 Yeghvard Highway, Yerevan, Armenia, 0054 Tel: +374 (60) 528 528 E-Mail: [email protected] Contact number for ads: 060 511 511, 093 639 312. 2008 - 2017 © Armenian News - Tert.am All rights reserved. Reference to Tert.am is mandatory when making citations. Full or partial televised reading of the website articles is prohibited without reference to Tert.am. The opinions expressed on the website do not have to coincide with the editorial staff’s viewpoints. The website bears no responsibility for the content of ads and press review. Website by Helix []
  Home International Entertainment Movie Reviews Soap Masala Bollywood Sports Punjab Link News Top News Lead Story Auto Link Fiji News Business South Asian Link News Health Calender South Asian Views Editorial Commentary Link Feautre Link Columnist Opinion Crime Saligirah Mubarak Education Link VIP'S Contact Us Saturday, January 14th, 2017 | Posted by admin Apple’s Revolutionary iPhone Completes 10 Years NEW YORK – That the iPhone changed the smartphones market is a no-brainer but it had even more far reaching impacts since the first variant launch ten years back. According to Ian Fogg, director at market research firm IHS, Apple creates so good products that it always competes with its previously launched products. “They set their own stands. But, there has been no Apple product with greater impact than the iPhone, for Apple, for the mobile industry, and because of the spread of mobile technology, for the whole technology industry,” Fogg said. The original iPhone included multiple innovations including a direct manipulation multi-touch interface and desktop PC class web browser and other built in apps such as Google Maps, Apple Mail, and calendar and contacts. This caused every other mobile handset maker to alter their products. Apple also innovated quickly, using an annual update cycle to the iPhone hardware and software to outpace many rivals, Fogg said. In the ten years since the iPhone’s announcement there are numerous changes directly or indirectly caused by the iPhone, Fogg claims and here are just a few of the important one: 1)The leading handset makers of 2007 – number one Nokia among them – have been replaced by Apple, Samsung and Huawei. 2) The leading smartphone operating systems of 2007 are no longer with us, including Symbian, BlackBerry, Palm, and Windows CE. Read: Apple might launch three new iPads in March this year 3)The smartphone has moved from a product with niche adoption to one which everyone owns. 4) Multi-touch interfaces have become mainstream, not only on smartphones, but on PCs and tablets as well. 5) Apps have become mainstream, replacing websites for many uses, because of Apple’s success of creating an easy profitable way to distribute apps; and, other companies have used the same model, including the Google Play store and Microsoft’s Windows PC app store. Read: As Apple’s iPhone turns 10 today, Cook says just getting started 6) The smartphone has become the hub for consumers’ digital lives, replacing the PC. In 2007, every hardware product connected to the PC, now everything connects to smartphones. 7) Technologies pioneered in smartphones have enabled the creation of new products, from tablets, to smartwatches, fitness trackers and TV streaming boxes such as Apple TV. Companies making mobile hardware and software such as ARM, Facebook and Google, have prospered, at the expense of competitors who have failed to succeed in mobile such as Intel and Microsoft. 9) The aspirational business model for technology companies has changed from licensing an operating system and allowing others to build hardware – like the classic PC business model – has been replaced with efforts to replicate Apple’s tight integration of hardware and software. Comments are closed Most Recent Opinions Posts Trump Carrying Through With Crazy Election Promises, Signs Immigration Action To Build Border Wall With Mexico Trudeau Picks No New Indo-Canadian MPs For His New Parliamentary Secretaries, Demotes Anju Dhillon Surrey RCMP Warn Public About A Driver Allegedly Stalking Women In Guildford-Fleetwood Areas! Learning About Sikhism! Sikh-American’s Restaurant Vandalised In An Alleged Hate Crime Shots Fired At White Mercedes Thursday Night In Surrey After Indo-Canadian Man Killed Monday Home Contact Us RSS Link Directory © 2017 Link Newspaper. All Rights Reserved . Log in - Webite "designed" by Shiftonline.
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,359 Reviews & Articles | 53,890 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News Video Cards AMD pushes the bleeding edge of GPU technology with Vega Thanks to High Bandwidth Cache and HBM2, Vega is going to be a monster By: Anthony Garreffa | Video Cards News | Posted: Jan 14, 2017 12:24 am Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA CES 2017 - Last month when AMD unveiled their ambitious new Vega plan, I had to decompress half of it over weeks - because there's just so much. During CES, I had some one-on-one time with various RTG members, and began thinking of the future of Radeon.     I plan a series of articles on Vega, but we need to split them into a few different parts - where I want to talk more about High Bandwidth Cache, and what it could mean not just for Vega, but for the future of gaming.     More Isn't Necessarily Better   We have been stuck in this world of 'more is better' and that the larger the amount of VRAM on a graphics card, the better it is. I know that's not how it works, but after 10 years in retail IT sales selling graphics cards, custom gaming PCs and everything in between - most consumers think 'higher numbers = better/faster'.   It has been ingrained into us from a very young age, the moreMHz a CPU had, the faster it was. The more GPU cores a graphics card has, the faster it is. The more VRAM a graphics card is, the more it can handle - but VRAM is a tricky thing.   More doesn't mean better, because the framebuffer is filled differently depending on the game. Some games will allocate much more VRAM than the actual game is using to render the graphics on screen, and this has been OK... until now. We can't keep pushing into a world where 8GB or 12GB or 16GB of VRAM is normal - especially when so many gamers are stuck at 1080p - where, you simply do not need more than 4-8GB of VRAM (depending on the game, graphics settings, anti-aliasing applied, and so on).     High Bandwidth Cache, Alongside HBM2, Could Change Everything     AMD is changing that game with Vega and its beyond exciting High Bandwidth Cache, or HBC. HBC is something I covered in my initial Vega GPU architectural preview article last week, but I've spent 60 hours travelling on 6 planes, attended CES with a bunch of meetings - and personally, an anxiety attack in between (we're human, I'm human, and I like to make my articles personal - I'm not a robot).     After all of this, I've been able to get a cleaner feel for what HBC and HBM2 means for the future of AMD. AMD doesn't have the money that NVIDIA does, and while some people are aware of this, some aren't. Some look at AMD and think because they're a publicly traded company that has been around for decades and made some of the most technologically impressive consumer products ever, that they're flush with cash.   Well, they're not... and you know what? That gives them a strength that you can only have when you're in that position. When you're in a position of Intel or NVIDIA, you begin to feel more comfortable - you begin to sit inside of that 'tick, tock' pattern - or the slight iteration changes between Maxwell and Pascal.   AMD has to think outside of the box, and into the stars - beyond the stars and into a new horizon. Once they're outside of the realms of possibilities, they can swim in a pool of pure technological fantasy. This is a pool I'd love to some day swim in, and Vega is the first product of that new direction. Recommended for You HTC Vive receives Vive Video feature, plays all media... AMD Radeon Pro Duo drops to $799, dual-GPU Fiji goodness... GIGABYTE's Aorus brand is ready for next-gen GPUs AMD to launch monster Navi 10 in 2019 with next-gen... >> NEXT STORY: J.J. Abrams promises no more remakes, reboots << PREVIOUS STORY: Final Fantasy VII: Remake might not release in 2017 Related Tags AMD Vega AMD Vega Vega GPU Vega 10 High Bandwidth Cache Intel NVIDIA Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts LG's new TVs: thinner than your finger, start at $8000 Seagate plans gigantic 16TB HDD for 2018 Your smartphone could soon detect cancer, thanks to AI HTC Vive receives Vive Video feature, plays all media Overwatch leaps over 25 million player milestoneView More News Posts Forum Activity Gigabyte GA-EP35-DS3 problem - once turned on it still rebooting Will there ever be a PW-IC3DAH45 for PC-A76, A75, A-79? Need Help with overclocking on X99 Designare Asus x99 Delux-II vs Rampage v10 freeze when windows 8/10 and csm support enabledView More Forum Posts Press Releases Razer updates the world's best mechanical gaming keyboard: the Razer Blackwidow ASUS announces Designo Curve MX34VQ Ultrawide 4K display ASUS Republic of Gamers announces Swift PG258Q G-Sync display with 240Hz, 1ms response time Marvel Entertainment and Square Enix team up for multi-year, multi-game creative partnership BIOSTAR holds awesome launch event for its 2nd-Gen RACING motherboards in ThailandView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
