Contacto Casa   Financiera Espectáculos Tecnología Deporte Mundo Salud Sábado, 11 Febrero, 2017 Tecnología Lenovo Introduces New ThinkPad Workstations at SOLIDWORKS World 2017 Lenovo Introduces New ThinkPad Workstations at SOLIDWORKS World 2017 Ramiro Mantilla | 06 Febrero, 2017, 23:37 The ThinkPad P71 brings professionals across industries - ranging from media and entertainment to manufacturing - the most powerful system with a dedication to new and emerging technology to meet the needs of the most discerning users in the most demanding fields of work. "Lenovo's VR-ready ThinkPad P71 with Quadro Pascal-based GPUs for mobile workstations provides the performance, features and memory required for creating the most compelling VR experiences anywhere". For $1,399 in April, you'll also be able to get your hands on the ThinkPad P51. "Lenovo's VR-ready ThinkPad P71 with Quadro Pascal-based GPUs for mobile workstations provides the performance, features and memory required for creating the most compelling VR experiences anywhere". The 7.6-pound mobile workstation is powered by either Intel's Xeon E3-v6 series or Intel seventh generation Kaby Lake Core i7 processors. Thanks to its heft (the P51 comes in at 5.6 pounds), it can pack in four memory slots and a more powerful graphics card, the Nvidia Quadro M2200M, compared to the P51s. This business behemoth is available with an X-Rite Pantone sensor for calibrating the screen color on its 4K display. Moving on to its slightly smaller brethren, the ThinkPad P51 has a 15-inch display available in FHD (touch or non-touch) and 4K UHD resolutions. This new line of P Series machines is tuned on both the software and hardware fronts to tackle tasks in the areas of advanced analysis, to engineering, animation, and building design. The ThinkPad P51's port layout largely resembles that of the ThinkPad P71, but only features a single Thunderbolt 3 port instead of two. Lenovo is also going to sell an optional IR camera with the device, and it also sports Thunderbolt 3. This year's Xeon CPUs cut down a fair bit on power usage, which could be a big deal for medium or large companies concerned with their energy bills. The P71 will be an intriguing option for fledgling VR developers - Lenovo is advertising it as VR-ready, and it'll have the power to allow developers to work on their games from a mobile workstation. Today, in conjunction with the Solidworks World 3D CAD tradeshow, Lenovo announced their ThinkPad P Series mobile workstations. With a heavy focus on performance, all three of these devices are configured towards portable workloads starting at $1,049 for the Lenovo ThinkPad P51s. Recomendado Matt & Sarah Ryan Photos: The QB & His Wife Pictures Police investigating homicide in Wheaton, seek victim's auto Is Tom Brady retiring after the Super Bowl? 'Hell no' USB, pieza clave en asesinato de tres mujeres en Magdalena Snickers had a live Super Bowl commercial where everything went (intentionally) wrong "Si Jessica es culpable que pague sus culpas" — Zaida Tejada Nintendo ceases production of console as final game is scrapped Wix Super Bowl ad featuring Gal Gadot leaves fans in wonder Council members relaunch $15 minimum wage effort Khloe Kardashian hit back at fans for being 'complaining motherf******' on Snapchat Belk Took Down Products From the Ivanka Trump Label Endless exits packaging business in £33m deal 'La La Land' empata récord de 'Titanic' en los Premios Oscar 2017 Chilenos rechazan la reacción del Gobierno ante los incendios — Encuesta Cadem Rock 'n' Roll Express headed to WWE Hall of Fame Siendo tendencia ahora Invasión "decana": comenzaron a llegar los primeros hinchas de Atlético a Quito What do Analysts suggest for: InterCloud Systems, Inc. (OTC:ICLD) Brad Pitt decidió internarse por sus adicciones Snow moon, comet and lunar eclipse to fall on the same day Meteorito ilumina el cielo en estados del centro de EU Research Report for: Pulmatrix, Inc. (NASDAQ:PULM) Yale students, FAS dean featured in 'Gender Revolution' documentary Mavericks to sign Yogi Ferrell to 2-year deal, per report Message on tip: 'The owner is Mexican. We won't return. America First' Google Maps ahora mostrará información relevante en tiempo real No se pierda Apple, Google, Facebook y Microsoft presentaron escrito contra decreto migratorio de Trump Xiaomi Reveals Details about Octa-Core Pinecone CPU Using 10nm Process Swindon overrun by 'pop-up brothels' with 30 new sex dens a week VIDEO Martellus Bennett: Derriben el muro, te amo México Azafata detectó algo extraño en joven de 15 años Xbox One Backward Compatibility update adds THREE free games this week Nicki Minaj throlls her fans with pregnancy photos UK to buy 4G operator UK Broadband for GBP 300 mln Ponen al descubierto secreto de Angelina Jolie y Jared Leto State police: Search for body of missing woman still ongoing Macri lanzará en Viedma el plan Patagonia junto a 5 gobernadores NCW for law to ban female genital mutilation Original Enterprise Bridge Added To Star Trek VR Game Travel to U.S. down 6.5% after Trump travel ban IoT devices will overtake world's population this year Dodge Charger Pursuit Adds Protection Package At No Extra Cost Oculus Closing 200 Best Buy Rift Demo Stations Mark Zuckerberg prueba prototipos de guantes Oculus de realidad virtual Financiera Espectáculos Tecnología Deporte Mundo Salud Contacto © 2017 MundOaguaysaneamiento. Reservados todos los derechos.
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. KitGuru The KitGuru System Home News Reviews Gaming Lifestyle Mobile Professional Forum Home / Component / CPU / Intel may be planning Kaby Lake shake up to combat Ryzen launch Intel may be planning Kaby Lake shake up to combat Ryzen launch Matthew Wilson 4 days ago CPU, Highlights V It looks like Intel may be anticipating AMD’s Ryzen launch as much as the rest of us as the company is said to be already preparing a shake up of its Kaby Lake line. According to reports this week, Intel is currently planning a new Core i7 and a new Core i5 in hopes of stealing some away from the upcoming Ryzen processors, which will begin rolling out in March with an 8 Core/16 Thread SKU. The initial report comes from sources speaking with CPCHardware, claiming that a Core i7 7740K and a Core i5 7640K will be coming to disrupt AMD’s Ryzen rollout. Right now, AMD’s full Ryzen line up is rumoured to consist of several R7, R5 and R3 SKUs with R7 combatting Core i7s all of the way up to the 6900K. The R5 series will apparently be filled with 6 Core SKUs to combat the Core i5 and finally, AMD’s R3 series will consist of quad core CPUs. So Intel’s solution to AMD’s R7 Ryzen CPUs is said to be the Core i7 7740K, which is an overclocked 7700K with a 4.3GHz base clock and a higher 100W TDP. The boost clock is not known at this time but presumably it would also be 100MHz above the 7700K, bringing the 7740K up to 4.6GHz. However, given that the 7700K costs over £300 here in the UK, we can expect some fairly skewed pricing. Just to be safe, Intel also wants to bolster its Core i5 lineup with the 7640K, which will reportedly come with a 4GHz base frequency, making it 200MHz higher than the 7600K. To boot, Hyper Threading may also be on the table for this chip, which would make this the first Core i5 ever to use this technology. There is no word on when we can expect these two CPUs to appear on the market but if this rumour holds any weight, we should hear more after Ryzen’s launch in early March. Discuss on our Facebook page, HERE. KitGuru Says: While the Core i7 in this case isn’t particularly exciting, it would be interesting to see Intel release a higher clocked Core i5 with Hyper Threading. At that point, the chip may compete closer with the 7700K. Still, Intel’s pricing may need a shake up as there isn’t a ton of wiggle room between mainstream i7s and enthusiast grade chips.  Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags Intel news Ryzen Previous Palit launches world’s first GTX 1050Ti with passive cooling Next Micron to launch GDDR6 graphics memory this year Check Also EVGA launches new ICX technology for GTX 10-series graphics cards EVGA this week has launched its all new ICX technology, which will serve as an … Jeffrey Byers Why would they hyperthread a desktop i5? That just ends up making it the same as the i7-7700K. All they would do is CONFUSE people with naming. It’s already a bit different on the LAPTOP side of things so no need to confuse people further. >savt correction, first quad core I5 to use hyperthreading Jone and we are back to the Pentium 4 era. Dave Bristel Intel should be more concerned that AMD will have quad core parts across the entire lineup, so all those dual-core chips will be completely obliterated on the Intel side. Most of us wouldn’t consider a dual-core chip for anything, but a good chunk of the Intel product line sales come from dual-core chip sales. The K chips are NOT where the bulk of the Intel sales come from. Mark Kinsella half the cores should be half the price Tyrann lol Tyrann tiny overclock and they keep price high lol. They should reduce price by 25% to entice people. But then again with Ryzen i don’t think i’ll go below 6 core for my next build. lehpron “”which would make this the first Core i5 ever to use this technology.” In recent years, c’mon, don’t forget Clarkdale/Allendale. Courvousier Not really, the 13 inch MacBook Pro already has it. The Dude I think they are all dual core not quad on the 13″ MBP Beverlypbeck Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj255d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj255d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash255DirectHouseGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!mj255d:….,…… Thus Torler Oy vey! Polls Which system memory next? Corsair Crucial G.Skill Geil HyperX Patriot Samsung Other View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Archives Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010  Contact Us © Copyright 2017, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved
Magazine Jobs Watch Store Hot List Follow: Architecture Interiors Design Technology Movies Comments Opinion News Interviews Highlights About Subscribe Submit a story Advertise Contact Legal Dezeen Magazine Next story Follow: Movies Comments Opinion Subscribe Architecture Interiors Design Technology Magazine Jobs Watch Store Hot List Lady Gaga's Super Bowl performance accompanied by 300 drones Share: Dan Howarth | 6 February 2017 Leave a comment A swarm of illuminated drones staged an aerial routine above Lady Gaga's half-time show at the 51st Super Bowl. The 300 Intel Shooting Star drones created a light show as they hovered over the singer during her opening number for the performance, as part of the biggest American football game of the year. Displaying an array of coloured LEDs, the unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) moved in formation to create images including the American flag, before Lady Gaga dropped into the arena on a harness and cables. Technology company Intel claims it was the first time that drones have featured in a televised event. "Lady Gaga and the Super Bowl creative team wanted to pull off something that had never been done before and we were able to combine Intel drone innovation with her artistry to pull off a truly unique experience," said Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's New Technology Group. Related story Drones become a flock of dancing lampshades in this movie by Cirque du Soleil "The potential for these light show drones is endless and we hope this experience inspires other creatives, artists and innovators to really think about how they can incorporate drone technology in new ways that have yet to even be thought of." Drones are becoming increasingly ubiquitous, with uses ranging from photography and gaming to delivery and transport. They are also being purposed for entertainment, for instance, they were adapted into dancing lampshades for a routine during a Cirque du Soleil show. The UAV models used for the Super Bowl were purpose-built autonomous quadcopters, programmed to move in sequence and change colour as a cohesive unit. Lady Gaga is no stranger to technology. In 2013, she piloted the "world's first flying dress" – which its designer Benjamin Males said would herald the beginning of a new era for human flight. Related story Lady Gaga pilots "first flying dress" Read more Design drones Intel Lady Gaga Lighting News performance venues Technology USA Share and comment Share: Leave a comment More Architecture Interiors Design Technology More drones Amazon files patent for flying warehouses filled with drones Drones offer fly-through preview of Herzog de Meuron's ... Mercedes-Benz unveils prototype for drone-equipped delivery van Foster + Partners' Apple Campus 2 begins to take shape in ... UK's Royal Navy tests drone speedboat on River Thames "World's tallest moving observation tower" filmed by drones ... HOK envisions flying hotel pods that can access remote ... Pokédrone allows Pokémon GO users to catch out-of-reach species Comments Visit our comments page | Read our comments policy Next story Deserted Japanese theme park photographed just before demolition Previous story Bolon to unveil experimental new rug collection at Stockholm Design Week 2017 Top design stories Event: Stockholm Design Week 2017 Reader comment: "Corporate coffee industry, take a leaf" Deserted Japanese theme park revealed Morag Myerscough brightens up Sheffield Children's Hospital Flavour-enhancing spoon mimics licking your fingers Subscribe Subscribe to our newsletters Competition: win a guide to the 100 best mid-century chairs Movie: Zaha Hadid's virtual reality paintings Opinion "Mies' Mansion House Square the greatest public space never built in London" Latest newsletter features Centre Pompidou's 40th anniversary Dezeen Watch Store Job of the day: exhibition designer at Metropolitan Museum of Art Highlights Residential Barbican flat with sliding walls Residential Barbican flat with sliding walls News Netflix's design docu-series premiers News Netflix's design docu-series premiers News Sci-fi architectural fairytale News Sci-fi architectural fairytale Offices WeWork opens in old opium factory Offices WeWork opens in old opium factory Salons and spas Art replaces mirrors in hair salon Salons and spas Art replaces mirrors in hair salon News Movie to star Mies' Farnsworth House News Movie to star Mies' Farnsworth House Products Finger-shaped spoon improves flavour Products Finger-shaped spoon improves flavour Opinion "Mies square was ideal protest space" Opinion "Mies square was ideal protest space" News OMA's Qatar library nears completion News OMA's Qatar library nears completion Pavilions Robot-built pavilion minimised waste Pavilions Robot-built pavilion minimised waste Photography Deserted Japanese theme park Photography Deserted Japanese theme park News Lady Gaga's Super Bowl drones News Lady Gaga's Super Bowl drones Technology Generative design gives "superpowers" Technology Generative design gives "superpowers" Furniture Dieter Rams' modular furniture Furniture Dieter Rams' modular furniture Photography Bus stops in former Soviet Union Photography Bus stops in former Soviet Union Share: Subscribe Submit a story Advertise Contact Movies Comments Opinion Architecture Interiors Design Technology Magazine Jobs Watch Store Hot List Dezeen Book of InterviewsDezeen Watch StoreAre you looking for a job in architecture or design? Visit our recruitment site Dezeen Jobs
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      IT Unmasked      Intel Extends Videoconferencing Experience Related Content Topic :  Vulnerabilities and Patches  Weaknesses require a fix. Don't leave your system open to attack. Blog :  Cazena Unfurls Data Science Sandbox in the Cloud Article :  Artificial Intelligence: Present Trends and Its Future Intel Extends Videoconferencing Experience Mike Vizard |   IT Unmasked   |   Posted 06 Feb, 2017          |         |     Share The most costly time that most organizations spend usually occurs in a conference room. The collective salaries of those present on an hourly basis are usually considerable. For that reason alone, it makes sense to make sure that time is as optimally spent as possible. To enable that to happen, Intel has been making the case for Intel Unite, high-definition video conferencing software that gets deployed on a hub based on Intel processors. Today, Intel announced it is making available Intel Unite client software for both Apple iPad and Android tablets alongside existing support for PCs running Windows and Apple MacOS. In addition, Intel has added a telemetry module that makes it simpler to track usage of hubs and their actual locations in an office complex. Finally, Intel is making available tools that can be used to limit who has permission to use Intel Unite, as well as support for static PIN number option. Tom Garrison, general manager for the Business Client Group at Intel, says Intel sees Intel Unite as an application that helps expand the number of use cases for its higher-end VPro Core processors. It’s priced at less than $1,000, and Garrison says Intel is trying to make HD video affordable for just about every organization by eliminating annual licensing fees. “There’s no need to buy a recurring software license,” says Garrison. Next up, Garrison says, Intel expects to see more organizations using Intel Unite to translate languages during a meeting in real time. Longer term, Garrison says Intel is also working toward embedding augmented and virtual reality capabilities within Intel Unite. The IT industry is clearly on the cusp of making major advances in terms of how individuals collaborate with one another. What effect those advances will have on productivity, of course, remains to be seen. But the way people interact with one another online will soon never be the same.          |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
Next: up in Technology: Tech giants rally against immigration policies, 'fake news' News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon | SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business — Technology Philly might have had drone connection to Lady Gaga's halftime show Updated: February 6, 2017 — 6:00 PM EST Facebook icon 13Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Reprints & Permissions REPRINTS Popular Stories DA Seth Williams says he brought 'shame' to office, won't run again Feb 10 - 7:51 PM DeSean Jackson wants to stay in D.C., blasts 'image they put out of me' in Philly Feb 10 - 2:11 PM Screen grab: Intel. Corp video Special drones light up the sky behind Lady Gaga. The intro performance display, sponsored by Intel, was filmed during the week before the game and broadcast during the halftime show. by Jonathan Takiff, STAFF WRITER Twitter icon @JTakiff | Mail icon takiffj@phillynews.com Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @JTakiff Jonathan Takiff Staff Writer Jonathan Takiff writes about technology for the Inquirer. More by Jonathan Takiff Teched-up Wells Fargo Center shows make everybody a "player" Feb 8 Vizio's caught monitoring TV owners' viewing habits, selling info Feb 8 Pinterest and Curalate are now pinned - to each other Feb 8 At halftime during Sunday's Super Bowl, a light show behind Lady Gaga featured hundreds of twinkling stars magically rotating into an American flag, then spelling out the name of cosponsor Pepsi.  Intel put its branding on the spectacle and special effects, created by a formation of 300 small drone flying machines glowing with onboard LED lighting. But a pregame Facebook post by Gauravjit "Raj" Singh, founder and CEO of Philadelphia “drone-vertising” company DroneCast, suggests that his Market Street-based enterprise had more than a little to do with staging those aerobatic special effects, viewed by 113.7 million viewers: “To all who read my previous status about good exciting things happening at the halftime show,  here’s a hint. #thank youintel #thankyouGaGa #did someonesaydrones #dronecast," the post reads. In a phone chat Monday, Singh played it close to the vest. “We can only give general information when we work with Fortune 500 companies and our partner WPP,” a major global advertising company, “for clients like Ford and Ciroc,” the vodka maker. “Our clients don’t like for people to know who the service providers are.” Still, a study of its website suggests that DroneCast could have contributed a lot to the halftime spectacular, from designing 31-inch-wingspan custom-flying machines (the DroneCast SR1) to programming the gizmos and shepherding the show on-site. Though small in stature, DroneCast's website says, the SR1 is strong enough to fly 60 mph, counteract strong winds, and carry payloads of up to six pounds. It can fly in very tight formation, the website says, and is fitted with LED lights capable of changing color midflight where needed, creating pixilated pictures in the sky. To eliminate risk and the ire of the Federal Aviation Administration, the halftime drone segments were actually shot before the game, over several days above an empty stadium, Intel’s Natalie Cheung said in an interview with USA Today. “We were on site for nine days, so we got the proper waivers to fly in Class C airspace up to 700 feet.” A tinkerer for most of his 22 years,  the India-born, Princeton-raised Singh said he first dreamed of jump-starting the “drone-vertising” business after “reading about Amazon’s plans to deliver packages with drones, and I thought, ‘Well maybe they should carry signage, too, while they’re flying around.’ ” His prior claims to fame included a company begun before college, building “inexpensive but good” prosthetic devices. “That’s why I entered Drexel for bioengineering,” he said. “Six months later, I decided I hated medicine, dropped out, and started this company. The next year, the Close School of Entrepreneurship at Drexel invited me back. I went for six days. Then Ford paid us $55,000 for four hours' work – flying a couple hundred toy trucks down to table sitters at a North American International Auto Show event. I thought, wow, this is it.” Singh was so far ahead of the drone boom that the FAA “didn’t even have any rules about drone use when we started in 2014. We kind of owned our own territory. Then they came up with the FAA Part 333 exemption – every time you wanted to do an event, you would have to request permission and restrict the flights to under 500 feet and certain areas. Later came Part 107, which is like a driver’s license for drones.” DroneCast helps people get their working papers. Its $6,000 DroneCast Partner Program “includes instruction in Philly or online, one of our SR1 drones, and paid job opportunities with insurance coverage through our booking service.” It’s “like Uber for drones,” Singh agreed.   “Over the past two years, we’ve acquired 10 different resource companies, touching every aspect” of the drone-business, “from app development to financing, and have an accelerator program, Singh Ventures, with a fund of $5 million to invest.” The group employs more than 200.   Published: February 6, 2017 — 6:09 PM EST We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in business Business › Fast-growing SBA is one federal agency Trump supports Business › Shale lobby's expense claims under fire Retail › Macy's for sale? Saks owner Hudson's Bay is in the hunt No protections for Jewelers Row buildings while Toll Bros. has demo permit, panel rules A closer look at Gov. Wolf's consolidation plan for health and human services N.J. electric rates heading south this year Electricity rates will go down about 3 percent on June 1 for residential and small-business customers in South Jersey following this week’s... Union leader John 'Johnny Doc' Dougherty gets a radio show on 1210 AM Consumers said to be biggest losers in USDA purge of puppy mill and other data For journalism institute, a new name to honor its founder Pizzagate truthers target Philly favorites Pizza Brain and Little Baby's Comcast CEO buys sky-high condo units in company's new Philly tech tower Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Nobody at the Super Bowl actually saw Lady Gaga's drones The beginning of the pop star's halftime show using Intel Shooting Star drones was pretaped because of FAA regulations and weather concerns. Tech Culture by Shara Tibken February 6, 2017 1:53 PM PST @sharatibken Intel drones lit up the Houston sky in an American flag formation during the Super Bowl halftime show. Intel Lady Gaga's Super Bowl halftime show featured something never done before: 300 synchronized drones that danced and created the outline of an American flag. The only problem is, anyone shelling out thousands of dollars for their Super Bowl ticket didn't actually see the drone show. That's because Intel's Shooting Star drones and Gaga's terrifying leap from the roof of Houston's NRG Stadium were taped earlier in the week. Federal Aviation Association regulations about drones -- and a ban of drones within 34.5 miles of the stadium on game day -- meant Intel and Gaga had to film the halftime show's opening sequence early. Intel said other factors that played into the decision to pretape the opening scene were possible weather challenges and the fact the stadium is a dome. Drones, which are typically camera-equipped quadcopters, have become a new consumer and business phenomenon for those interested in remote-controlled vehicles, aerial photography and even aerial racing. As the aircraft have grown in popularity over the past several years, though, drones have become a concern for the government agency responsible for regulating the nation's airspace. The FAA estimates that by 2020, there will be 4.3 million hobbyist drones sold, up from about 1.9 million sold in 2016. See also FAA: Keep your drone far, far away from the Super Bowl Lady Gaga and 300 drones rock Super Bowl 2017 halftime show Tom Brady memes swing from goat to GOAT in 2017 Super Bowl Intel said the Super Bowl show was the highest a Shooting Star drone has flown. It received a special waiver from the FAA to fly the fleet up to 700 feet in the air. Intel also received an additional special waiver to fly the drones in the more restricted Class B airspace. "Lady Gaga and the Super Bowl creative team wanted to pull off something that had never been done before, and we were able to combine Intel drone innovation with her artistry to pull off a truly unique experience," Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's new technology group, said Sunday in a press release. Intel designed the Shooting Star drones for festivals and entertainment events. The quadcopters are equipped with LED lights that can create over 4 billion color combinations and can easily be programmed for any animation. Each weighs only 280 grams, less than the weight of a volleyball, and can fly for up to 20 minutes. Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility. Technically Literate: Original works of short fiction with unique perspectives on tech, exclusively on CNET. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Super Bowl Tech Culture Drones Drones Super Bowl The best tech and tips for watching the big game. Feb 7 Lady Gaga's sales go through the roof after Super Bowl 2017 Feb 6 Tom Brady fuels millions of Super Bowl posts on Facebook Feb 6 Airbnb gets political in Super Bowl ad about acceptance Feb 6 Patriots' sexy Super Bowl comeback reflected in Pornhub traffic All Super Bowl Stories More stories Your first look at 'Avengers: Infinity War' Geico mocks pre-roll ads with crushing amusement The 404 Show 1691: Putting the douche in fiduciary (podcast) Why you can't stop taking selfies everyone else hates Close   Discuss: Nobody at the Super Bowl actually saw Lady... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Here's why tech has taken over our relationships Sneak peek at the bezel-less LG G6 LG releases the first two watches with Android Wear 2.0, LG's G6 looks to have little or no bezel, and YouTube brings live-streaming to mobile. by Brian Tong 3:33 E3 goes public and HBO Now hits 2M subs The day's biggest tech stories include E3 opening to the public, Twitch introducing "Communities" and HBO Now hits an impressive subscription milestone. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out Kitchener-Waterloo LIVE K-W More Streams Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada Kitchener-Waterloo Drone expert explains how Lady Gaga's 300 Super Bowl halftime flyers worked CBC News Posted: Feb 06, 2017 4:30 PM ET Last Updated: Feb 07, 2017 10:26 AM ET Lady Gaga's halftime show opener (Courtesy: NFL/CTV/FOX) 0:30 Lady Gaga started her Super Bowl half time show at the top of Houston's NRG stadium with 300 drones flying in the night sky behind her, transforming from a constellation of stars into a floating American flag.  It was a stunning technological display that showcased Intel's Shooting Star drone squad, a team that creates shows with hundreds of drones that can be controlled and programmed ahead of time – or changed up in real time. According to Wired, that section of Lady Gaga's performance was taped ahead of time because it required special federal approval to fly so many drones at once so close to Houston's airport – and to avoid flying the drones live over the heads of a Super Bowl audience. "They would be using some pretty rigorous GPS," said Adam Stephens, a digital media marketing specialist with Aeryon Labs Inc., the Waterloo-based company that makes unmanned aerial vehicles for commercial use as well as heavy duty drones for military, police and public safety work. "GPS technology, I imagine, would be a main element for them, as well as digital positioning technology. There might possibly be some obstacle avoidance technologies which are becoming prevalent in the consumer grade drone technology now, although I imagine they could probably operate without those," said Stephens.   Intel can program and control up to 500 drones at a time. 3-D time and space The real secret is not just the accurate positioning, but the programs that tell the drones where to be.  "They would have real-time 3-D modellers that would be issuing out commands for the drones to go ahead and hold positions at certain [places]," said Stephens. He added that the practical way to accomplish three dimensional changes in flight formation would require a "3-D modeller over-laced with some sort of chronological or time graph, similar to video editing or audio editing software." He said that the drones in Lady Gaga's show appear to be relatively small, about 12 inches (30 centimetres) across, and the propellers are encased in cages. For comparison, Aeryon's drones are usually about 42 inches across (about 107 centimetres), don't have a caged housing over the propellers and are able to stay airborne for long periods of time. Curious about the tech behind the drone light show during the #SB51 #PepsiHalfTime show? #ExperienceMore https://t.co/88ljU31ux1— @intel   Corrections In a previous version of this article CBC incorrectly identified Adam Stephens as Adam Stephenson. Feb 07, 2017 10:23 AM ET Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Saturday Mainly cloudy 4°C Sunday Periods of snow or rain 2°C Monday Chance of flurries -1°C Tuesday Chance of flurries 2°C Wednesday Cloudy -4°C More Weather Latest Kitchener-Waterloo News Headlines Snowstorm over, now it's drizzle. High Saturday 4 C LRT Cambridge proposed route announced Man facing several charges after alleged sex assault near Resurrection CSS Police Chief Bryan Larkin pens open letter in wake of sex assault report Significant snow for Guelph, Wellington county Friday Top News Headlines Community leader in Minnesota 'overwhelmed' with calls from Somalis aiming to walk across Canadian border video Vince Li, man who beheaded passenger on Greyhound bus, given absolute discharge Trump considers signing a 'brand new order' on immigration read comments 'It was my choice to make:' Over boos from crowd, Trudeau says electoral reform scuttled for national unity read comments video 'Hunting is not about killing for me': Trophy hunter sees shooting big game as form of conservation read comments video Don't Miss REFUGE SEEKERS Many Somalis in Minnesota 'willing to take the risk' to sneak into Canada Vince Li, man who beheaded passenger on Greyhound bus, given absolute discharge Trump considers signing a 'brand new order' on immigration Trudeau says national unity more important than electoral reform FIFTH ESTATE 'Hunting is not about killing for me': Trophy hunter sees shooting big game as form of conservation Canadian denied entry to U.S. after being questioned on mosque connections A full moon, an eclipse and a comet — all in one night Marketplace 'Absolutely deplorable': binge drinking, injuries on organized student trips PayPal freezes Canadian media company's account over story about Syrian family Mike Ilitch, owner of Red Wings, Tigers, dead at 87 AS IT HAPPENS Meet the man behind the challenge to Trump's travel ban Trudeau's 'canoes and paddles' remark called borderline racist by First Nations MP Sugary drink consumption by youth far exceeds recommended limit, researchers say BORDER CROSSINGS How one Muslim man snuck across the U.S. border into Canada 'Check your ego': How to get a job in Alberta's recession Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Advanced Micro Devices Continues To Rip On Potential Intel Deal Wayne Duggan , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} February 06, 2017 3:03pm   Comments Share: Related AMD Nvidia Remains One Of The Most Exciting Growth Stories In Tech A Technical Look At NVIDIA Nvidia Keeps Delivering (Seeking Alpha) Related INTC Intel Sets A Low Bar With Disappointing Guidance Nvidia Remains One Of The Most Exciting Growth Stories In Tech Intel Down After Analyst Day; Monolithic Power Rises On Q4 Report (Investor's Business Daily) Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMD) shares are soaring more than 10.7 percent on Monday after some positive headlines about the company and a potential deal with Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) have surfaced. According to HardOC editor Kyle Bennet, Intel has licensed AMD graphics processing units (GPUs). Commentary “Intel is licensing AMD GPU technology No money has changed hands yet, so there is no financial impact until late in the year, hence nothing in the current earnings report [...] I would expect more collaboration between AMD and Intel in the future on the graphics side. And you can take all that to the bank,” Bennet said of the deal. While the companies haven’t officially reported the deal, it seems as if investors are, in fact, taking the info to the bank. At the same time, Barron’s Tiernan Ray published a new article over the weekend explaining why he believes AMD’s commitment to cloud computing is grounds for the company’s share price to double over the next year. The stock is sure off to a solid start with Monday’s 10 percent gain. Surprisingly, NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ: NVDA), which AMD likely beat out for the Intel GPU deal, is also up more than 2.2 percent in Monday’s session. AMD and NVIDIA have been two of the hottest stocks in the market in recent months, up 94.0 percent and 64.3 percent since Election Day. At Last Check Shares of Advanced Micro Devices were up 9.97 percent at $13.46. Shares of Intel were down 0.85 percent at $36.21. Shares of NVIDIA were up 2.03 percent at $116.71. Image Credit: By Ordercrazy - Own work, CC0, Via Wikimedia Commons Posted-In: HardOC Kyle BennetNews Rumors Contracts Movers Tech Trading Ideas © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (INTC + AMD) Intel Sets A Low Bar With Disappointing Guidance Nvidia Remains One Of The Most Exciting Growth Stories In Tech Intel: 4 Reasons To Overlook Disappointing Margin Outlook And Buy The Stock 7 Biggest Price Target Changes For Friday Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For February 10, 2017 GM, Intel, NVIDIA, Viacom: Fast Money Picks For February 10 View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on AMD Trending Recent 1 TSLA, ENSG: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 2 GTE, OCUL: 30 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 3 SON, CVS: Earnings Scheduled For February 9, 2017 4 PRU, WFM: 12 Stocks To Watch For February 9, 2017 5 FIT: Fitbit's New All-Time Low Coincides W... 6 NVDA: Wild Ride In NVIDIA After Q4 Beat 7 SCTY, TSLA: Baird Is A Buyer Of Tesla Ah... 1 IMPV, CHKP: A Roundup Of Cybersecurity Performance To End 2016 2 SHLD: Why Short Selling Is A Dangerous Game: Sears 3 INFN, NVDA: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Dow Gains Over 100 Points;... 4 INTC, AAPL: Intel Sets A Low Bar With Disappointing Guidance 5 How Does A Fintech CEO Plan His Day To Disrupt... 6 ROX, WVVI: A Look At How Well Sin Stocks Trade I... 7 AMZN, NVDA: It's Hip To Be Square?... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Out On Its Own, Life Is Hard For The Real Estate Sector Is Regal Entertainment The Most Likely Buyer For AMC's Divestitures?
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Help Make A Great 2017: Have you heard of Phoronix Premium? It's what complements advertisements on this site for our premium ad-free service. For as little as $3 USD per month, you can help support our site while the funds generated allow us to keep doing Linux hardware reviews, performance benchmarking, maintain our community forums, and much more. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Intel's Open-Source Driver Stack Now OpenGL 4.5 Certified, Complements Vulkan & GLES Written by Michael Larabel in Intel on 6 February 2017 at 03:01 PM EST. 20 Comments Intel's open-source Mesa DRI driver has passed The Khronos Group's process for certifying it as a conformant OpenGL 4.5 implementation. This now rounds out the Intel open-source Linux stack with OpenGL 4.5, OpenGL ES 3.2, and Vulkan 1.0 certification. Intel's open-source Linux driver stack has managed the trifecta of certification from The Khronos Group for graphics: OpenGL 4.5, OpenGL ES 3.2, and Vulkan 1.0. This cannot be said for any other vendor with a completely open driver stack: AMD hasn't certified their open-source driver offerings, Nouveau hasn't yet reached GL/GLES certification though they are working on it with the X.Org Foundation acting as the entity behind it plus they don't yet have a Vulkan driver, and there isn't yet any other vendor with a fully-open driver stack covering multiple areas. Perhaps we'll see Freedreno and Raspberry Pi VC4 reach it one day. When it comes to proprietary drivers on Linux, NVIDIA has this certification too. This milestone today is about formal OpenGL 4.5 certification from The Khronos Group where as previously they had exposed OpenGL 4.5 support in Mesa but they hadn't been through the formal process until ensuring the OpenGL Conformance Test Suite fully-passes. Unrelated, The Khronos Group recently open-sourced their conformance test suite. Imad Sousou of the Intel Open-Source Technology Center announced this grand accomplishment today on 01.org. Splendid job to all those involved. Hopefully their next area of focus will be on OpenCL certification for Beignet, which recently hit OpenCL 2.0. 20 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Intel News Intel Prepares For Mainline GVT-g Graphics Virtualization Support A Patch Is Being Worked On For Greater Kabylake Linux Performance With P-State Clear Linux's Latest Performance-Optimizing Effort: Greater PHP Performance OpenCL With An Intel Celeron: HD Graphics 610 / Kabylake GT1 It's Looking Like The Intel Gallium3D "ILO" Driver Will Be Laid To Rest Intel DRM Driver Prepping For HDMI 2.0 With Geminilake Popular News Gentoo Developer: Is The Linux Desktop Less Secure Than Windows 10? DiRT Rally Coming To Linux Next Month Microsoft Announces Git Virtual File-System (GVFS) Debian 9.0 Stretch Is Now Frozen NVIDIA 375.27.08 Vulkan Driver Released OpenGL Shader Cache Support For RadeonSI Is Making Progress Latest Linux News Fedora 27 Scheduled To Be Released On Halloween Trying Nouveau NVC0 Gallium3D With Civilization 6 On Mesa 17.1 Intel Prepares For Mainline GVT-g Graphics Virtualization Support Radeon GPU Analyzer Open-Sourced: Analyze OpenGL / Vulkan / OpenCL Mesa RFC Changes To Help Worms WMD, Tropico 5 & Crookz Valve Planning To Carry Mesa GL Thread Feature On SteamOS, Per-Game Features AMDGPU DC/DAL Code Receives Atomic Improvements Munich Said To Be Moving Away From Linux/LiMux, Back To Microsoft Trying Intel Kabylake Graphics With Civilization VI On Ubuntu Linux The Future Of Android-x86 Is In Question Latest Featured Articles Mesa 17.0 Benchmarks With Intel: Noticeably Better Vulkan Performance Server/Workstation Tests: Antergos vs. Clear Linux vs. Fedora vs. Scientific Linux vs. Ubuntu vs. openSUSE RadeonSI Performance For Civilization VI On Linux With Mesa 17.1 + Linux 4.10 14-Way NVIDIA GPU Comparison With Civilization VI On Linux Mesa 13.0 vs. 17.0 Performance For RADV/RadeonSI: Big Gains For Vulkan, OpenGL Boosts Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Home Weather 40° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Your Pics Video Blazers Prep Sports Contests More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Your Pics Video Blazers Prep Sports Contests Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Weather Alert 7 weather alerts Blazers Timbers Mariners Ducks Beavers High School Sports More Close The Intel drones behind Lady Gaga's halftime show Adi Joseph, USA Today , KGW 8:36 AM. PST February 06, 2017 Intel Shooting Star drones light up the sky in the Pepsi logo following the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show. (Credit: Intel Corporation) (Photo: Intel Corporation, Intel Corporation) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST Lady Gaga’s Super Bowl halftime show had no special guests — unless you count the drones. Intel Drones supplied Lady Gaga and the NFL with a show-stopping show-starter — 300 Shooting Star drones painting the night sky in a pre-recorded segment in Houston, as she sang “God Bless America.” The closing scene with the Pepsi logo also was those same pre-recorded drones. For The Win spoke to two of Intel Drones’ top people — general manager Natalie Cheung, who was on the ground in Houston running things, and vice president of business Anil Nanduri, who organized the collaboration — about the show and the future of drones in entertainment. Let Cheung and Nanduri answer all your questions now that you’ve seen their work in action. So how did this happen? Intel filmed the drone shoot over several days, with the main shoot — the one we saw — done on Jan. 30. There were reports of low-flying helicopters as part of security in Houston, but that was only part of the story. The top-secret drone usage was the other. “We were on site for nine days, so we got the proper waivers to fly in Class C airspace up to 700 feet,” Cheung said. “We got the waivers to do this at night with multiple drones per pilot through the FAA. We were testing out our drones, tweaking our animations throughout this whole process, and we filmed for one night, and it was perfect.” Our drones have returned to the ground after an amazing #PepsiHalftime show #ExperienceMore pic.twitter.com/Augpbt05u6— Intel (@intel) February 6, 2017   The setup was not so quick, but it all came together once the right people got to talking. “We worked a lot with the (NFL’s) creative team,” she said. “You can see there’s a lot of different stakeholders in this. We worked with NFL, Pepsi, Lady Gaga. She was very aware with what was happening with the story board from the very get-go, so it was a very constructive and very tight collaboration.” Why couldn’t it be done live? “So there’s a lot of weather and environment (issues),” Cheung said. “In February, you don’t know what it will be like during Super Bowl day. We’d hate to plan all this and, if the wind speeds are too high or if it’s raining and the roof is closed, no one can see this spectacular show. So our creative team as well as the Super Bowl creative team felt this would be best to be filmed. Lady Gaga also was on the roof when this was filmed, and from a logistics and creative perspective, it’s a bit hard for her to go from the roof all the way down to the floor of the stadium.” But Nanduri was quick to dismiss any thought that this couldn’t be a live show. “When we talked about Super Bowl, the primary weather issue was if they closed the dome,” he said. “If I had to simplify it, if you can do fireworks because of weather, so can our drones. … We’ve never had a situation where we can’t fly. The shooting star drone is water-resistant. It can handle light rain. It can handle a decent amount of wind — 8 meters per second, which is pretty decent wind speed.” What is the end goal here? Cheung explained, “It’s a different way of merging art and technology, which I think a lot of people haven’t seen. We started this effort maybe a year and a half ago, and it started with 100 drones in the sky and showed a simple Intel logo. We caught on pretty quickly that this was more than just fireworks. It could be branding in the sky. It could be an artistic event. There’s a lot of different ways that people could utilize this. The Disney team we worked with used it as a theme park attraction. The Super Bowl team utilized it as a way to emphasize and express Lady Gaga’s music. … It can create and mean many different things.” And Nanduri brought up the Guinness Book of World Records showcase as an example that led to this opportunity — and many more in the future.   “When we did the Guinness Book of World Records, the 500 drones, that was a huge viral phenomenon, and we had already started to fly at Disney, which was another uptick of what the light shows are all about. In that process, I think there was an awareness created, especially to the creative agencies around the world, what a canvas in the sky that they can now paint with lights could be as a value-add to their experience.” Don’t be surprised, then if you see Fourth of July shows and other holiday spectaculars using drones more and more. So are we pretty much talking about robot fireworks? No, but sort of. “It’s not exactly fireworks,” Cheung said, citing the speed — 30 minutes for a single animation — and repeatability of the show. They’ve been used at Disney, too, where they were deployed in a similar method to nightly … fireworks shows.   “There’s a good comparison of drones and fireworks, Nanduri said. “There’s a couple aspects of fundamental difference, though. With drones, I like to think of it as painting a canvas in the sky. You have the flexibility of creating animations, creating logos, creating storytelling. With the comparison to fireworks, yes, (both) can create a lot of formations, a lot of excitement — but it’s green. It’s reusable. No pollution. There’s a fundamental difference in precision and a difference of solving pollution and other issues with fireworks, and the last part is it’s reusable. Of course, you don’t get the boom of fireworks.” Drones! I’m still kind of weirded out by this … Nanduri: “With the notion of drones and the perception of the public, I think light shows are one good way to bring that perception back to (what a drone really is). … If I had to go back a year or two and look at what the perception of drones was then, I start to see a lot friendlier use of the term. You see the industries using the term as well. They’re more comfortable. And we look at light shows as … re-emphasizing that drones can be used in so many different ways.” Cheung: “Intel’s changing the perception and definition of drones here. No one ever thought that a drone could create such a beautiful art show and such an amazing experience for nighttime entertainment. It’s not something that we’re redefining the definition of a drone. You can see them being used in commercial applications. But when we talk about drones now, people get excited. They see it as a light in the sky.” (© 2017 KGW) KGW Tom Brady suspects Super Bowl jersey was stolen after game KGW 84 Lumber website crashes after commercial about immigration KGW Review: Lady Gaga preaches unity during high-flying Super Bowl set CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Flooding causes problems in Seaside Marijuana home deliveries start in Oregon Police shoot, kill robbery suspect in Portland New rooms and secret passage at Grand Lodge Trimet denies ICE agent raids on buses Raw: Sky8 over officer-involved shooting scene in Vancouver Slide cancels Amtrak trains to Seattle Travel ban blocked by court of appeals Semi crushes police car in Wyoming Second officer-involved shooting in Portland More Stories Girlfriend reacts to police shooting of 17-year-old… Feb. 9, 2017, 10:08 a.m. Washington company develops migraine prevention drug Feb 10, 2017, 9:00 p.m. Iranian baby will receive life-saving heart surgery… Feb. 2, 2017, 6:05 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Forecast Closings Weather Alerts Radars Live Cameras hyperlocal-radars More... Weather Blog Earthquakes Ski Reports Oregon River Levels Health Detail Location Search Local It's Portland KGW Investigates Business Crime Consumer Politics More... News Links Technology Live at 7 More Roseburg School Shootings Blogs Community Calendar Breaking Newsletters National Politics Vancouver News Clackamas County Willamette Valley Marion County North Coast News Eastern Oregon News Washington County Central Coast News Southern Oregon News Gresham News Central Oregon Western Washington Black Friday Community News Education Headlines On Demand Papal Visit Special Reports Oregon News Robotics Shred Redirect Homeless Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Ways to Save History Makers Pearl Harbor Year in Review If My Parents Only Knew Nation Now Traffic Alerts Cameras Gas Prices @KGWTraffic Maps TripCheck More... PDX Flight Updates Sports Olympics Blazers Timbers Mariners Ducks Beavers More... High School Sports Super Bowl More Vikings Winterhawks Seahawks Thorns NCAA Basketball Tournament Sports Sunday World Cup Features Entertainment Health Straight Talk Grants Getaways Drew Carney Portland Today More... Travel Cassidy Quinn Contests Magnify Money Gold Buyers More KGW Archive ACM Awards Actively Northwest Animals Crossword Cup of Joe Going Green Holidays Greater Portland Today Live @ 7 Mad About Movies Making a Difference Oscars Pets of the Day Grammys Rachel's Challenge Shot of the Day redirect-contests Trending Today Redirect - Stepping Up Sunrise /getahead Santa Tracker TD Jakes Station Break Growth Thankful Norad Santa Tracker Heart Month Redirect About Meet The Team Jobs Contact TV Listings Advertise with Us Closed Captioning More... Viewer Technical FAQs Quick Links jobs redirect Newslinks Community Calendar NBC Shows Contests Justice Network RSS Connect With Us E-mail Newsletters FAQ Terms Privacy Ad Choices FCC Public Inspection File Community Rules Conversation Guidelines Roku Cobrand Header Whats On NBC Cobrand Footer Survey © 2017 KGW-TV Services Advertise With Us KGW Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners NBC Cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Lenovo ThinkPad P Series mobile workstations unveiled Brittany A. Roston - Feb 6, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Lenovo has taken the wraps off its latest lineup of the ThinkPad P Series mobile workstations, the P51, P51s, and the P71. The product line features the latest Intel and NVIDIA hardware, and couples that with the military-grade durability we’ve come to expect from Lenovo. There’s something for everyone, including the P71 powerhouse and the nicely portable P51s. ThinkPad P51 First up is the Lenovo ThinkPad P51, a mobile workstation featuring up to the Intel Xeon E3-v6 processor, as well as up to NVIDIA Quadro M2200M graphics, 64GB of DDR4 memory, up to 2TB of storage, plus a trio of display options: FHD (1920 x 1080) IPS, 250 nits FHD Touch (1920 x 1080) IPS, 220 nits 4K UHD (3840 x 2160) IPS, 300 nits Features are extensive, and include four USB 3.0 ports, one of which is always on, as well as Mini DisplayPort 1.2, Intel Thunderbolt 3, gigabit Ethernet, a combo audio jack, Smart Card reader, ExpressCard, and HDMI 4.1. Connectivity includes Bluetooth 4.1 vPro, WiFi, and 4G LTE-A. There’s also a four-in-one media card reader that supports SD, SDHC, SDXC, and MMC cards. Several OS options are offered, including Ubuntu, Windows 10 Pro, and Windows 10 Home/Home Premium. All of these features amount to a fair bit of heft, though, as the mobile workstation starts at 5.6lbs. The ThinkPad P51 will be available this upcoming April with a starting price of $1,399 USD. ThinkPad P51s Next is the ThinkPad P51s, a similar workstation that is designed to be more portable — the weight starts at a svelte, relatively speaking, 4.3lbs. This machine features up to a 7th-generation Intel Core i7 processor, as well as up to NVIDIA Quadro M520M graphics. Storage options are generous with 1TB HDD or SSD options; there’s 2 SODIMM memory slots, Bluetooth 4.1, WiFi, and a four-in-one card reader. Users get a trio of display options: FHD (1920 x 1080) IPS, 250 nits FHD Touch (1920 x 1080) IPS, 250 nits 4K UHD (3840 x 2160) IPS, 300 nits Other features include a trio of USB 3.0 ports, one that is always charging, gigabit Ethernet, a Smart Card reader, combo audio jack, USB-C Thunderbolt 3, and HDMI 4.1. The Lenovo ThinkPad P51s will be available next month starting at $1,049 USD. ThinkPad P71 Finally, we have the ThinkPad P71, a powerhouse mobile workstation with up to an Intel Xeon E3-v6 processor, NVIDIA Quadro P5000M graphics, 64GB of DDR4 memory, 2TB of storage, plus there’s an optional DVD-RW optical drive or up to a 1TB HDD with a bay adapter. Users can choose between a Full HD IPS 300 nits display or a 4K UHD IPS 300 nits display. Ports include Thunderbolt 3, four USB 3.0 ports with one that is always on, Express Card, a Smart Card reader, combo audio jack, gigabit Ethernet, Mini DisplayPort and HDMI 1.2. There’s Bluetooth 4.1 vPro, WiFi, 4G LTE-A WWAN, a four-in-one card reader, and several OS options. This laptop, not surprisingly, has a significant start weight of 7.6lbs. The ThinkPad P71 will be available in April starting at $1,849 USD. Story Timeline Lenovo X260 Laptop Review: Insanely long battery life Lenovo YOGA 710 15" Convertible Windows 10 Laptop Review Tags ComputingLaptoplaptopsLenovothinkpad Must Read Bits & Bytes Ford steers $1bn into Argo AI self-driving car brain startup Call of Duty 2017: 4 things you need to know A $1,000 iPhone 8 “Anniversary Edition” makes perfect sense Tesla Model 3 test production tipped to kick off this month How Fire Emblem Heroes inspired one guy to spend $900 on week 1 Latest Headlines Magic Leap prototype leaks with ‘PEQ0’ codename Feb 10, 2017 Sony EXTRA BASS Wireless Speakers hit shelves next month Feb 10, 2017 Samsung and Six Flags team again, this time for a gaming VR rollercoaster Feb 10, 2017 Stunning blue lightning filmed from the International Space Station Feb 10, 2017 Grand Theft Auto 4 now backwards compatible on Xbox One Feb 10, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Dodge Durango R/T Review: No SRT required for this V8-powered SUV Feb 9, 2017 Huawei Mate 9 Review [International Edition] Feb 7, 2017 2017 Infiniti Q50 3.0t Sport AWD Review Feb 2, 2017 Linea app Review: Iconfactory blesses the iPad Pro Feb 1, 2017 Lenovo YOGA 710 15″ Convertible Windows 10 Laptop Review Jan 30, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
CBS News Logo CBS News News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log in/out Search CBSN Toggle video CBS News February 6, 2017, 1:55 PM Those drones in the Super Bowl halftime show weren't flying live Lady Gaga performs during the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl 51 Halftime Show at NRG Stadium on February 5, 2017 in Houston, Texas.  Mike Ehrmann, Getty Images Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Lady Gaga wasn’t the only spectacle in the Super Bowl halftime show on Sunday: hundreds of drones also wowed the crowd. But the dazzling drone sequence that kicked off Lady Gaga’s glittery performance at Houston’s NRG Stadium was not actually live. The FAA ruled that drones were not allowed on game day anywhere within 34.5 miles of NRG stadium, dubbing the airspace a “no drone zone,” so the synchronized drone display was reportedly taped the previous week. If only our drones could drop the mic. #PepsiHalfTime #ExperienceMore #SB51 pic.twitter.com/VEVuNEe9Ex— Intel (@intel) February 6, 2017 The airborne light show featured 300 lightweight, synchronized “shooting star drones” provided by Intel —the first time they’ve ever been used in a televised event, according to The Verge. Intel’s drone experts worked closely with the NFL and Lady Gaga to design and film the spectacle, a process that was shrouded in secrecy. The multicolored, brightly-lit drones buzzed into formation as an American flag and later were rearranged to spell out the Intel logo. Two leaders of Intel’s drone team told USA Today’s “For the Win” that they spent nine days on location, with the final shoot taking place on January 30.  A behind-the-scenes Intel video from November shows the same drones the company provided for the halftime show. The quadcopter drones are powered and controlled by a combination of computing, communication, sensor and cloud technology. Intel's 500 Drone Light Show | Intel by Intel on YouTube Last year, Intel broke a world record for flying 500 of their shooting star drones simultaneously. © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular From 60 Minutes Hidden magnets -- the next big cheat in cycling? The steps of finding refuge Jackie Kennedy's real White House tour Andy's inauguration trivia Obama and the 2008 general election Play Video Trump travel ban battle Play Video Flynn investigation Play Video Putin's dangerous game Play Video Town hall protests Play Video DeVos protesters Previous Next 26 Photos Notable deaths in 2017 23 Photos Best signs from women's marches around the world 28 Photos Crazy-looking fish from the deep sea 45 Photos Lady Gaga takes stage at Super Bowl 2017 45 Photos Trump's team Previous Next Most Discussed Why did White House cite "underreported" attacks that were widely covered? Rush for entry as court denies bid to reinstate travel ban Trump claims media is covering up terror attacks, citing no evidence Trump blasts "disgraceful" appeals court decision over travel ban Trump assails judge on Twitter over travel ban ruling New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop Good Gear Guide > News > Intel brought 300 drones to the Super Bowl Intel brought 300 drones to the Super Bowl Intel showed off what its Shooting Star quadcopters can do when they played the role of backup dancers to Lady Gaga on Super Bowl on Sunday. Ian Paul (PC World (US online)) on 07 February, 2017 03:50 0 - - - - print email Single Use It wasn’t live, but Intel’s 300 drones in the sky behind Lady Gaga at the start of the Super Bowl Halftime Show were impressive nonetheless. What started out as a sea of floating lights came together by the end of the bit to form an American flag. It was impressive, cool, and it was all thanks to the ever-growing interest in drones. The Super Bowl was the third public outing in the U.S. for Intel’s Shooting Star quadcopter drones following several weeks of aerial shows at Disney World in Florida. It was also a record-breaking moment for Intel’s drones, which were allowed to fly up to 700 feet for the first time after receiving special permission from the Federal Aviation Authority. Each drone weighs a little less than a volleyball and is equipped with LED lights that Intel says can create more than 4 billion color combinations in the sky. To make the drones actually operate and move the way they need to, Intel said it developed special algorithms to automate the animation process. But during show time, the drones can be operated by a single pilot from one PC. Why this matters: Although Intel says the drones were designed specifically for entertainment purposes, there may also be more practical applications for these drones in the future. Intel’s drone chief, Anil Nanduri, told Wired that he sees a future where these drones could be used for purposes such as search and rescue. Just plug in a search pattern and off they go. Intel wasn’t the only company talking drones on Sunday. Amazon also aired a Super Bowl commercial showing off drone-based Prime Air deliveries. Prime Air is not yet available in the U.S., but it is currently being tested in the UK. Although Intel’s Shooting Star drones are able to show up for special events, the devices aren’t yet available for sale; the quadcopters still have to get a stamp of approval from the Federal Communications Commission. Trends In Document Management Show The MFP To Be Centre Of Business Productivity And Efficiency More from Sharp Corporation Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags dronesintel Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Ian Paul PC World (US online) Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Essentials Linksys AC5400 MU-MIMO Gigabit router Learn more > Microsoft L5V-00027 Sculpt Ergonomic Keyboard Desktop Learn more > Everki ContemPRO Roll Top Laptop Backpack Learn more > UE Boom 2 Bluetooth speaker Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive Learn more > Samsung portable 1TB T3 drive Learn more > Smart LED Bulb LB130 Learn more > Epson EcoTank Expression ET-2500 Learn more > Mobile Belkin MIXIT Metallic Lightning to USB Cable Learn more > Logitech G403 Prodigy mouse Learn more > Google Daydream VR headset Learn more > Huawei Mate 9 Learn more > Acer Swift 7 Learn more > Surface Book Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S45 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Lexar® Portable SSD  Learn more > 3SIXT Ultra HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Exec Audio-Technica ATH-ANC70 Noise Cancelling Headphones Learn more > Surface Pro 4 Learn more > Blade 28 backpack by Arc’teryx Learn more > Dell P2715Q Learn more > HD Pan/Tilt Wi-Fi Camera with Night Vision NC450 Learn more > HP Pavilion x360 13” Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1800x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards  Learn more > Dell XPS 13 laptop Learn more > Garmin Fenix Chronos smartwatch Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20c USB Type-C flash drive  Learn more > Dell Inspiron 5000 series 2-in-1 Learn more > Budget Smart Wi-Fi Plug HS110 Learn more > Boost Mobile SIM Learn more > Oppo R9s Learn more > Jabra Sport Pace earbuds Learn more > Evapolar USB air conditioner review Learn more > Samsung 960 EVO M.2 hard drive Learn more > Canon EOS 1300d Learn more > Lifeproof Fre phone case Learn more > Back To Business Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Star Wars Death Star Bluetooth levitating rotating speaker review 2 ​Finally! LG OLED TV 2016 range review 3 ​Fetch TV Mighty review: Better than Foxtel 4 ​Fetch TV Mini review: Make your TV a smart TV 5 ​Panasonic Viera DX900U UHD 4K smart TV review Latest News Articles Valve finally replaces the faulty Steam Greenlight system with Steam Direct PCWorld's February Digital Edition: Intel's Kaby Lake CPU Hands-on: EVGA's sensor-laden iCX technology revolutionizes graphics card cooling How to join the Office Insider program on any platform How to enable WhatsApp's two-step verification Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Michael Hargreaves Dell XPS 13 I’d happily recommend this touchscreen laptop and Windows 10 as a great way to get serious work done at a desk or on the road. Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content The top 10 best and worst tech gadgets and products of 2016 ​Best phone of the year 2016 TV of the year award 2016 Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs CCADABAS Natural DeveloperNSW CCNetwork Security Engineer - Cisco ISEVIC CCReport AnalystQLD FT.Net DeveloperVIC FTFront-End DevOps Developer/Consultant - IT Services - SydneyNSW CCSenior Life 400 DeveloperNSW FTNational Manager of Security - We are looking for a strong Leader - Syd CBDNSW FTDynamics AX Functional Consultant (Sales & Marketing Modules)ACT FTSenior Front End DeveloperVIC CCPMO ManagerNSW CCProject Manager - TelcoVIC CCInfrastructure Business AnalystNSW TPInfrastructure Build EngineerQLD FTMicrosoft Dynamics AX Technical ArchitectQLD CCUser Experience Designer - Part time - Short contractACT TPService Desk ManagerVIC CCTest AnalystQLD CCSAP/ Nakisa Implementation ConsultantQLD CCBusiness AnalystNSW TPDrupal Developer - Immediate startQLD TPIT Sercurity EngineerVIC FTInside Sales ConsultantNSW TPProject Manager to manage two concurrent ProjectsQLD TPSenior IT Business AnalystNSW CCSenior Technical SpecialistNSW Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles Muru-D takes on 'more mature' start-ups with new funding model computerworld.com.au Privacy groups claim FBI hacking operation went too far cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au Banking and securities’ IT spend to hit $14.8B in Australia arnnet.com.au Best Super Bowl ads were humorous, finds facial tracking research cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Tech Intel Drones The Super Bowl halftime show drones weren't flying live New, 17 comments Due to FAA regulations by Andrew Liptak and Rich McCormick Feb 5, 2017, 9:58pm EST share tweet Linkedin Intel Drones were a big part of this year’s Super Bowl halftime show for the first time ever. Hundreds of the devices helped this year’s performer, Lady Gaga, kick her show off, presenting a colorful, swirling backdrop as she stood on the roof of Houston’s NRG Stadium. But as Gaga herself seemed to leap from the roof, dropping down to the stadium to start her show proper, her army of drones didn’t follow. That’s because the drone shows were actually filmed earlier this week, as Intel confirmed to The Verge. That includes Gaga’s intro sequence, which saw her dancing in front of an American flag, and a later 10-second spot that featured the drones as they changed from the Pepsi to Intel logos. Restrictions placed on the area by the Federal Aviation Administration forbid drones from flying within a 34.5-mile radius of the NRG Stadium, in addition to other rules that bar drones from hovering too high, or from doing acrobatic maneuvers directly above hundreds of thousands of people. Our drones have returned to the ground after an amazing #PepsiHalftime show #ExperienceMore pic.twitter.com/Augpbt05u6— Intel (@intel) February 6, 2017 Those rules would normally preclude a potentially dangerous drone show from taking place on the roof of a multi-billion-dollar building, but this is the Super Bowl, and the FAA was apparently willing to grant special dispensation for Lady Gaga. From there, it was up to the performer and Intel — who supplied 300 of its Shooting Star drones — to work out how to choreograph the show. A behind-the-scenes video posted in November shows off the drones that Intel provided for the performance: Intel first showed off its Shooting Star drones last year, revealing quadcopter devices about a foot or so long, and outfitted with LED lights that can shine in one of 4 billion colors. Each drone weighs about 280 grams, and can fly for up to 20 minutes. Unlike regular drones, Shooting Star swarms can be controlled by a single operator, making complicated aerial moves much easier than they would otherwise be for multiple pilots. The company used 500 Shooting Stars to break the world record for the most drones operating by a single user last year, and has held synchronized shows at Disney World over the past few months, but Lady Gaga’s performance marked the first time that they have been used in a televised event. Lady Gaga’s halftime performance In this Storystream Super Bowl 2017: the best commercials, trailers, and performances of the big game The Super Bowl's best ads got political, intentionally or not The Super Bowl halftime show drones weren't flying live Lady Gaga opened her Super Bowl performance with a protest anthem View all 21 stories More From The Verge The Hawai’ian volcano that created a spectacular firehose of lava just collapsed Apple, Facebook, Google, and 94 others file opposition to Trump's immigration ban Google’s Super Bowl ad accidentally set off a lot of Google Homes Lady Gaga opened her Super Bowl performance with a protest anthem Trump is turning Elon Musk into a crony capitalist Why the sounds of eating make some people so angry Now Trending Congressman is righteously booed after dodging a young girl’s simple question about science Android’s convenient Instant Tethering is now rolling out to Pixel and Nexus devices First photo of Magic Leap prototype leaks This $500 plug-and-play robot arm is designed to be a desktop friend for DIY engineers Russia reportedly considering sending Snowden back to US as a ‘gift’ to Trump This Article has a component height of 16. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Circuit Breaker Tech Augmented Reality First photo of Magic Leap prototype leaks by Nick Statt@nickstatt Magic Leap, a secretive augmented reality startup, is not so secretive these days. An image of a prototype device was just leaked to Business Insider, which says the source referred to the device as "PEQ0,” a stand-in derived from an internal... New, 19 comments Microsoft Tech Amazon See how old Amazon’s AI thinks you are by Nick Statt@nickstatt Amazon’s latest artificial intelligence tool is a piece of image recognition software that can learn to guess a human’s age. The feature is powered by Amazon’s Rekognition platform, which is a developer toolkit that exists as part of the company’s... New, 4 comments Policy & Law US & World Tech Russia reportedly considering sending Snowden back to US as a ‘gift’ to Trump by Nick Statt@nickstatt Russian officials have discussed the possibility of extraditing whistleblower Edward Snowden to the US as a way to improve political relations with President Trump, according to NBC News. The report cites an unnamed US official who has analyzed... New, 25 comments Movie Review Entertainment Film John Wick: Chapter 2 recaptures the original’s style, but with fewer surprises by Tasha Robinson Here’s the important thing about John Wick: Chapter 2: it’s a grim, brutal, airless action film full of doggy reaction shots. The original 2014 John Wick was a surprise hit about an unstoppable assassin who’s dragged out of retirement for a few... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Gadgets Tech The LG Watch Sport and Watch Style are now available to order by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Google officially launched Android Wear 2.0 this week with the LG Watch Sport and Watch Style. They’re both now available to order through the Google Store, although the titanium version of the Sport already appears to have sold out. Best Buy is... New, 1 comment Apple Tech Virtual Reality Tim Cook says augmented reality is ‘a big idea like the smartphone’ by Nick Statt@nickstatt It’s no secret that Apple’s culture of secrecy forbids even the most powerful at the company from spilling details about upcoming products. But, as CEO Tim Cook has illustrated frequently in the past, there are ways to drop hints and talk around... New, 9 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Don't Miss: CW@50: A look back at Y2K in cartoons 5 new threats to your personal data Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Drive cloning in Windows 10 with free tools The IT-business gap remains 10 ways tech pros can take charge of their professional development Review: Microsoft's Nano Server offers mega advantages More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Enterprise Applications Collaboration News Why Intel's Unite software survived last year's brutal product purge Intel's Unite collaboration software is breaking into the data center, IoT, and virtual reality By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Feb 6, 2017 8:12 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Intel More like this Intel's Unite meeting tech comes to the iPad, and soon to Chromebooks Intel researches tech to prepare for a future beyond today's PCs Face-to-face without frustration: The HP Elite Slice for Meeting Rooms Video Mingis on Tech: Google rolls out the hardware At first glance, Intel's Unite software comes across as an anomaly. What lies ahead for the collaboration software in the chipmaker's future? For now, the software is linked to Intel's PC chips, which is a core business. But it's emerging as a component of the company's virtual reality, internet of things, and server businesses, which are all central to Intel's future growth strategy after a massive restructuring last year. Unite, which was released in 2015, allows remote and on-site users to log in to meetings and share documents and whiteboards. It works with Macs and Windows PCs as well as iPads and Android tablets, and it supports apps like Skype for Business. At the center of Unite is a hub PC in a meeting room with Intel's vPro chips. The hub PC logs in remote users and facilitates collaboration and communication. Unite is a free-to-low-cost way to communicate and collaborate, especially when competing conference-room technologies can cost thousands of dollars, said Tom Garrison, Intel's vice president and general manager for business client platforms and its Client Computing Group. So why would a chipmaker care about conference room software? One reason: It's a big part of workplace transformation, and it will ride a wave of business PC upgrades. Research firm Gartner has projected a minor growth in PC shipments in 2018, partly driven by upgrades to sleeker PCs. Intel last April laid off thousands of employees in an effort to cut its reliance on PCs and focus more on growing areas like data centers and the IoT. Despite its heavy reliance on PCs, Unite survived a brutal purge of low-margin and loss-making products like smartphone chips and wire-free technology. That's partly because Unite could fit into some of Intel's new areas of focus after restructuring, including IoT, data centers, and virtual reality. An updated version of Unite will be able to collect telemetry on the number of people in a meeting, the number of presentations in a day, and the average length of presentations. IT departments can use that data to determine productivity at meetings. Other IoT technologies could be used to enhance conference room experiences. Also, in the future, the software could determine the names and number of people attending a meeting, which can be logged. Intel is researching cameras that can be used detect faces, and that feature could come to Unite. Unite could also move tasks like speech translation and PIN generation to the server back-end. If two separate meeting rooms in different countries are talking to each other, a real-time translation service on cloud servers could facilitate communication. Real-time translation is one of the many Unite features capabilities that could be moved to servers, Garrison said. Perhaps the most exciting feature is bringing VR to meeting rooms via Unite. Remote users can put on a VR headset and be virtually present in a meeting room while sitting at home. "I can participate at a higher level than in the past," Garrison said. There are many possibilities for VR in a conference room, but there's no specific roadmap yet on when features will be rolled out, Garrison said. "We have technologies we are working on in the lab," Garrison said. In the meanwhile, Intel is making incremental updates to Unite. The latest updates include easier ways to moderate meetings and better security features so only authorized personnel can join meetings. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Collaboration Enterprise Applications Prices still climbing for enterprise mobility management software You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Puppet Cloud for the enterprise Popular Resources White Paper 2015 Latin American Mid-Market Enterprise Communications Platforms Growth Excellence Leadership Award Research/Infographic Sponsored 4 Steps to E-Rate Simplification Research/Infographic Sponsored 5 Ways Cloud Changes Everything Video/Webcast Sponsored Best Practices in Managing Digital Media Rights for the Connected World White Paper Big Data, Bad Data, Good Data: The Link Between Information Governance and Big Data Outcomes Go Top Stories Ford to invest $1B in A.I. startup toward self-driving cars Ford plans to invest $1 billion over the next five years in Argo AI, an artificial intelligence startup... Trump eyes end to an H-1B system that favors largest outsourcers The companies most hurt by the random H-1B distribution system are those that submit only a few... Review: Samsung Chromebook Pro brings touch computing up a notch The Samsung Chromebook Pro is a convertible laptop/tablet that comes with an excellent touch display... How to root out bias in your data Analytics is a top priority for savvy CIOs. But if implicit biases are hiding under the surface of your... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks FCC Trump LGG6 VizioTVs Menu Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ CPUs & Components/ Chipsets & Processors/ AMD Ryzen Processors Will Support Windows 7 AMD Ryzen Processors Will Support Windows 7 By Matthew Humphries February 6, 2017 09:24am EST 10 Comments AMD clearly still thinks there's a market for running a 2009 operating system on 2017 hardware. Microsoft wants all computer users to upgrade to Windows 10. Even so, Windows 7 still accounts for 40 percent of the desktop operating system market share. Neither Intel or Microsoft support Windows 7 with drivers for Intel's latest Kaby Lake processors, but AMD is set to throw Windows 7 users a lifeline with its forthcoming Ryzen chips. The announcement of Windows 7 support for Ryzen processors was made during an information session held by AMD and reported by German-language website Computerbase (translated). Ryzen processors use the Zen microarchitecture, the AM4 socket, and are expected to launch in March this year. The 14nm chips support DDR4 memory and will offer between 2 and 8 cores for the consumer market and up to 32 cores for servers. The first Ryzen processor expected to appear in March is an 8-core, 16-thread performance desktop chip with a clock speed of at least 3.4GHz. It does not include an integrated GPU. Related 4K Netflix on Windows 10 Requires Kaby Lake Chip and Microsoft Edge 4K Netflix on Windows 10 Requires Kaby Lake Chip and Microsoft Edge As Microsoft will not add support for new processor architectures to Windows 7, it's up to AMD to produce all of the necessary drivers itself for both the processor and the AM4 socket chipset. It's unclear exactly why AMD would go to the trouble of doing this beyond making Ryzen accessible to the widest possible market. Even so, surely consumers upgrading to a Ryzen-based desktop PC would also opt for a move to Windows 10. It may be the case that Windows 7 is still required to run certain pieces of bespoke software in a business setting. Here AMD could see an opportunity to win some major corporate contracts because it can replace aging hardware while retaining the software platform a company relies upon. Back to top Previous : Report: Apple Designing New Mac Chips In-House Intel Coffee Lake Processors Arrive 2H'17 Next : By Matthew Humphries Senior Editor Matthew is PCMag's UK-based editor and news reporter. Prior to joining the team, he spent 14 years writing and editing content on our sister site Geek.com and has covered most areas of technology, but is especially passionate about games tech. Alongside PCMag, he's a freelance video game designer. Matthew holds a BSc degree in Computer Science from Birmingham University and a Masters in Computer Games Development from Abertay University. More » More Stories by Matthew Matte Black iPhone 7 Casing Unexpectedly Chipping Chips appear on iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, Apple says cosmetic damage isn't covered under warranty. More » Intel Coffee Lake Processors Arrive 2H'17 The 8th generation, 2nd 14nm process refinement chips before Intel moves to 10nm. More » Zuckerberg Demos Oculus VR Gloves When perfected they'll let you draw, type, and see your hands and fingers moving in VR. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 32 Hidden Chrome Features That Will Make Your Life Easier How to Fix the Most Annoying Things in Windows 10 The Creepy World of Abandoned Video Games Everything Coming to Netflix in February 6 Games You'll Want to Buy in February 28 Instagram Tips for the Photo Obsessed »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Why Intel's Unite software survived last year's brutal product purge Why Intel's Unite software survived last year's brutal product purge Intel's Unite collaboration software is breaking away from PC-only product and into the data center, IoT, and virtual reality Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 07 February, 2017 03:00 - - - - print email Distributors BMS Technology Dicker Data Impact Systems Technology Ingram Micro Australia Leader Computers Synnex Comments At first glance, Intel's Unite software comes across as an anomaly. What future does the collaboration software have in the chipmaker's future? For now, the software is linked to Intel's PC chips, which is a core business. But it's emerging as a component of the company's virtual reality, internet of things, and server businesses, which are all central to Intel's future growth strategy after a massive restructuring last year. Unite, which was released in 2015, allows remote and on-site users to log in to meetings and share documents and whiteboards. It works with Macs and Windows PCs as well as iPads and Android tablets, and it supports software like Skype for Business. At the center of Unite is a hub PC in a meeting room with Intel's vPro chips. The hub PC logs in remote users and facilitates collaboration and communication. Unite is a free-to-low-cost way to communicate and collaborate, especially when competing conference-room technologies can cost thousands of dollars, said Tom Garrison, Intel's vice president and general manager for business client platforms and its Client Computing Group. So why would a chipmaker care about conference room software? One reason: It's a big part of workplace transformation, and it will ride a wave business PC upgrades. Research firm Gartner has projected a minor growth in PC shipments in 2018, partly driven by upgrades to sleeker PCs. Intel last April laid off thousands of employees in an effort to cut its reliance on PCs and focus more on growing areas like data centers and the IoT. Despite its heavy reliance on PCs, Unite survived a brutal purge of low-margin and loss-making products like smartphone chips and wire-free technology. That's partly because Unite could fit into some of Intel's new areas of focus after restructuring, including IoT, data centers, and virtual reality. An updated version of Unite will be able to collect telemetry on the number of people in a meeting, the number of presentations in a day, and the average length of presentations. IT departments can use that data to determine productivity at meetings. Other IoT technologies could be used to enhance conference room experiences. Also, in the future, the software could be possible to determine the names and number of people attending a meeting, which can be logged. Intel is researching cameras that can be used detect faces, and that feature could come to Unite. Unite could also move tasks like speech translation and pin generation to the server back-end. If two separate meeting rooms in different countries are talking to each other, a real-time translation service on cloud servers could facilitate communication. Real-time translation is one of the many Unite features capabilities that could be moved to servers, Garrison said. Perhaps the most exciting feature is bringing VR to meeting rooms via Unite. Remote users can put on a VR headset and be virtually present in a meeting room while sitting at home. "I can participate at a higher level than in the past," Garrison said. There are many possibilities for VR in a conference room, but there's no specific roadmap yet on when features will be rolled out, Garrison said. "We have technologies we are working on in the lab," Garrison said. In the meanwhile, Intel is making incremental updates to Unite. The latest updates include easier ways to moderate meetings and better security features so only authorized personnel can join meetings. How Organisations are Grappling with the Security “Gap Of Grief” More from RSA Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next Symantec pushes for channel unity with new partner program Microsoft hasn't moved the Windows 10 needle in months Top 10 IT industry predictions for Australia ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Top 10 IT industry predictions for Australia Digital transformation is expected to attain "macroeconomic scale" over the next few years, changing the way enterprises in Australia operate and reshaping the local economy. As a result, IDC has published its top 10 technology predictions for the local market, as local businesses and IT partners enter a future dominated by the "digital transformation economy". Top 10 IT industry predictions for Australia Examining the changing job scene in the Aussie channel Typically, the New Year brings new opportunities for personnel within the Australian channel. 2017 started no differently, with a host of appointments, departures and reshuffles across vendor, distributor and reseller businesses. As a result, the job scene across Australia has changed - here’s a run down of who is working where in the year ahead… Examining the changing job scene in the Aussie channel ​Top 15 Aussie tech storylines to follow in 2017 The New Year brings the usual new round of humdrum technology predictions, glaringly general, unashamedly safe and perpetually predictable. But while the industry no longer sees value in “cloud is now the norm” type projections, value can be found in following developments of the year previous, analysing behaviours and patterns to formulate a plan for the 12 months ahead. Consequently, here’s the top tech storylines to follow in Australia during 2017. ​Top 15 Aussie tech storylines to follow in 2017 iasset.com is a channel management ecosystem that automates all major aspects of the entire sales, marketing and service process, including data tracking, integrated learning, knowledge management and product lifecycle management. Related Whitepapers D-Link Case Study: A Reliable and Robust Campuswide Network Solution at a Reasonable Cost Annual ITSP Benchmarking Study Datto’s State Of The Channel Ransomware Report 2016 How to Plan For Disaster Recovery Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ​How partners can help CIOs build trust in digital government   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News Feb 10 Banking and securities’ IT spend to hit $14.8B in Australia Feb 10 ISPs put on alert over broadband speed claims Feb 10 NetComm’s NBN deal delivers $28m revenue injection Feb 10 Microsoft hasn't moved the Windows 10 needle in months More News ​Double executive departure rocks Quest Software ​Day of reckoning still to come despite Dell EMC partner program launch ARN Events 21 Feb BigTec - Sydney 01 Mar BigTec - Melbourne 14 Mar WIICTA Alumnae Q1 2017 Industry Events 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017 EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Technology & Science CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Technology & Science Quirks & Quarks Blog Spark Photo Galleries Yes, those were drones in Lady Gaga's Super Bowl halftime show Intel's 300 Shooting Star drones took to the sky during performance CBC News Posted: Feb 06, 2017 11:38 AM ET Last Updated: Feb 06, 2017 11:38 AM ET An Intel Shooting Star drones fleet lights up the sky in an American Flag formation during the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show on Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. (Intel Corporation) Related Stories Meet Bat Bot, the new flying batlike drone Drones help monitor accelerating erosion along N.W.T.'s Arctic coastlines Amazon looks to the sky to store products External Links Walt Disney World YouTube NFL Intel YouTube (Intel) (Note: CBC does not endorse and is not responsible for the content of external links.) If you happened to catch Lady Gaga's halftime show at the Super Bowl last night, you were treated to a pretty amazing light show. While you may have thought it was achieved using digital special effects, it wasn't. Those were 300 drones flying in unison. Meet Intel's Shooting Star drones, what they call "a new type of unmanned aerial vehicle." The drones are designed specifically for entertainment purposes and are equipped with LED lights capable of creating more than four billion colour combinations. They've already been used at Walt Disney World, but Super Bowl show was their largest audience yet. Did you see those @intel drones light it up? #PepsiHalfTime #SB51 pic.twitter.com/cyNtRhZ2II— @NFL (In case you missed it, you can watch the performance here.)  "Lady Gaga and the Super Bowl creative team wanted to pull off something that had never been done before and we were able to combine Intel drone innovation with her artistry to pull off a truly unique experience," Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's New Technology Group said in a statement. Amazingly those 300 drones were controlled by just one computer and one pilot (however, a second is on hand as back-up). If only our drones could drop the mic. #PepsiHalfTime #ExperienceMore #SB51 pic.twitter.com/VEVuNEe9Ex— @intel The Super Bowl performance was the highest altitude Intel's drones have ever flown — 700 feet — and even required a special waiver from the Federal Aviation Administration.  How is it done? The company uses a computer program with a special algorithm that can calculate how many drones are needed, their placement, as well as flight paths. And amazingly, the software animation can map out a performance in a matter of days or weeks, depending on the show's complexity. And while those watching the Super Bowl live at NRG stadium were likely disappointed that they couldn't see the dancing drones for themselves above the stage, they didn't actually miss out on anything: it was taped a week earlier. Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Top News Headlines Community leader in Minnesota 'overwhelmed' with calls from Somalis aiming to walk across Canadian border video Vince Li, man who beheaded passenger on Greyhound bus, given absolute discharge Trump considers signing a 'brand new order' on immigration read comments 'It was my choice to make:' Over boos from crowd, Trudeau says electoral reform scuttled for national unity read comments video 'Hunting is not about killing for me': Trophy hunter sees shooting big game as form of conservation read comments video Latest Technology & Science News Headlines PayPal freezes Canadian media company's account over story about Syrian family A full moon, an eclipse and a comet — all in one night It's Alive! Algae Survive 16 Months Exposure To Space Ford investing $1B US in autonomous vehicle tech firm Argo AI Warm ocean water triggered vast seabird die-off, experts say read comments Quirks & Quarks Sleep, Slippery Tongues, Canada's New Role Model Scientist Astronaut twins, a Human-Pig Chimera and the Science of Torture Most Viewed A full moon, an eclipse and a comet — all in one night It's Alive! Algae Survive 16 Months Exposure To Space Radiation levels inside Fukushima too high for robot Our homes are ecosystems for bugs—and we don't even know it Anyone can be an internet troll if the situation is right Banff bears use Trans-Canada wildlife crossings to find mates Scientists create beating 3D heart cells Trump administration delays adding bumblebee to endangered list North America's first total solar eclipse since 2008 and more cool science for 2017 Scientists measure antimatter atom for 1st time Don't Miss How Canadians are keeping Black Lives Matter website online The Current Fun and games: Why we should take time to play Antimatter Scientists measure antimatter atom for 1st time Blog Climate change as seen from space: Bob McDonald Who would want access to 1 billion Yahoo accounts? Canadians couldn't stop Googling Drake, Trump in 2016 Opinion A tech company that cares — now that would be innovative Profile 'This game is not over yet:' Arctic researcher has hope we can turn corner on climate change Snapchat, Skype, BBM not protecting users' privacy, says Amnesty International 'Invulnerability illusion' leaves younger people exposed to web frauds WW1 U-BOAT Engineers stumble on WWI German submarine sunk by 'sea monster' TOMATOES Study explains why tomatoes lose their flavour in the fridge Rigorous rules proposed for recreational drone flyers, documents show Rockstar Games announces Red Dead Redemption 2 for fall 2017 release Rural reboot: Salinas, Calif., turning crop pickers into computer programmers Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Computerworld New Zealand Intel's Optane faces threat as Micron chases future QuantX tech News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Intel's Optane faces threat as Micron chases future QuantX tech Micron is researching second- and third-generation 3D Xpoint storage technology Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 04 February, 2017 08:08 - - - - print email Comments Intel made waves at CES in January with Optane, a new class of memory and storage that will supercharge PCs and servers. But don't forget that Optane has competition. Memory company Micron is coming out with memory and storage based on the same underlying 3D Xpoint technology. Intel and Micron jointly developed the first-generation 3D Xpoint technology, which was announced in 2015. The fruitful partnership is now turning into a healthy rivalry. While Intel ships its first low-capacity Optanes for PCs, Micron is already researching the second- and third-generations of 3D Xpoint technology. Micron's 3D Xpoint products are called QuantX. The companies believe 3D Xpoint products could ultimately replace conventional SSDs and DRAM in PCs and servers. Intel has said Optane SSDs are 10 times faster than conventional SSDs. The companies say the new technology is significantly denser than DRAM. The first low-capacity Optane storage should appear in PCs in the second quarter of this year. It will be used as cache to allow PCs to boot faster and load applications and games more quickly. Micron has moved a bit slower and expects to ship its first QuantX products in small quantities by the end of the year, the company said during an earnings call in late January. Micron has a different strategy than Intel for the development of QuantX. Instead of PCs, it will target high-capacity QuantX SSDs and DRAM at servers and high-end systems. In the next-generation QuantX products, Micron wants to tack on more storage capacity and reduce latency, Scott DeBoer, vice president of Micron, said during an analyst meeting Scottsdale, Arizona, this week. "This a real exciting technology for the future," DeBoer said. There is significant interest in using both Optane and QuantX in data centers for applications like machine learning. The dual-threat ability for the technologies to be used as both memory and storage makes them handy for caching and hot and cold storage. Micron won't offer the QuantX drives directly but will make it available through companies making storage products. Cloud Flexibility Freeing New Zealand Businesses From the Tyranny of Distance More from Interactive Intelligence Join the Computerworld New Zealand newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags ram More about IntelMicron Editor's Recommendations TeamTalk knocks back Spark offer, talks up value Kiwi exporters to gain from Customs data sharing with China Spark to use UnisonFibre for FTTP in Napier, Hastings, Taupo and Rotorua Contact in the cloud: Spark shifts Contact Energy’s IT Labour says power companies could outflank UFB2 rollout UFB phase 2 to reach 85 percent of New Zealanders Related Whitepapers Powering Clinical Applications To Treat Patients Faster Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimisation Dell EMC Global data protection index II Four Reasons To Choose Flash Now Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Government sets out its preferred post-2020 telecoms regime Intel researches tech to prepare for a future beyond today's PCs ​Cyber espionage poses very real risk to critical infrastructure CSO Online In pictures: The 2016 Hi-Tech Awards 'The Oscars of NZ's ICT industry' IN PICTURES: Kiwi student innovators unite as Microsoft Imagine Cup 2016 hits ... Nvidia's new Quadro GP100 GPU brings NVLink to Windows computers Market Place 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Reseller News []
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 903 29 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Check out the drones from Super Bowl 51 halftime show Intel powered the drones used during Lady Gaga's performance. Post to Facebook Check out the drones from Super Bowl 51 halftime show Intel powered the drones used during Lady Gaga's performance.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kFe8Bk {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 9 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Buzz Video podcasts Check out the drones from Super Bowl 51 halftime show Brett Molina , USA TODAY Published 10:55 a.m. ET Feb. 6, 2017 | Updated 1:35 p.m. ET Feb. 6, 2017 3.2k Shares CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share How do you make 300 drones fall into formation? Video provided by Newsy Newslook If you caught Lady Gaga's performance during halftime of Super Bowl LI, then you witnessed an impressive display at the beginning featuring the American flag lighting up the sky. Only it wasn't done through the traditional lighting techniques. The display was pulled off by drones — 300 to be exact. The drones were supplied by Intel, zooming into the night sky before flying into formation to create the American flag. If only our drones could drop the mic. #PepsiHalfTime#ExperienceMore#SB51pic.twitter.com/VEVuNEe9Ex— Intel (@intel) February 6, 2017 As Intel general manager Natalie Cheung, and vice president of business Anil Nanduri tell sister blog For The Win, the sequence was filmed on January 30. Because of potential issues with weather and environment, Intel decided to tape the segment instead of do it live. Right after the performance, Intel posted a video on Twitter showing the 300 drones make their descent back to the ground. It offers a great view of what these drones with attached lights look like up close. Our drones have returned to the ground after an amazing #PepsiHalftime show #ExperienceMorepic.twitter.com/Augpbt05u6— Intel (@intel) February 6, 2017 This isn't the first time Intel has created these light displays using drones. Intel also partnered with Disney on a similar lighting display, and they set the Guinness World Record in 2016 for the most unmanned drones in the air at the same time with 500. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Best of Lady Gaga's Super Bowl LI halftime show  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Troy Taormina, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Troy Taormina, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Daniel Powers, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Daniel Powers, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Troy Taormina, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  John David Mercer, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  John David Mercer, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Troy Taormina, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Troy Taormina, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Eric Seals, Eric Seals-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Eric Seals, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Troy Taormina, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during halftime of Super Bowl LI.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga performs during the Super Bowl LI halftime show.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga on the field before Super Bowl LI at NRG Stadium.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Lady Gaga walks on the field in preparation for her halftime show before Super Bowl LI.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 48 2 of 48 3 of 48 4 of 48 5 of 48 6 of 48 7 of 48 8 of 48 9 of 48 10 of 48 11 of 48 12 of 48 13 of 48 14 of 48 15 of 48 16 of 48 17 of 48 18 of 48 19 of 48 20 of 48 21 of 48 22 of 48 23 of 48 24 of 48 25 of 48 26 of 48 27 of 48 28 of 48 29 of 48 30 of 48 31 of 48 32 of 48 33 of 48 34 of 48 35 of 48 36 of 48 37 of 48 38 of 48 39 of 48 40 of 48 41 of 48 42 of 48 43 of 48 44 of 48 45 of 48 46 of 48 47 of 48 48 of 48 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Follow Brett Molina on Twitter: @brettmolina23. Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kFe8Bk Most Popular 5 products under $10 that changed my life 3.6k Shares IBM employees' anti-Trump petition is growing 2.3k Shares Who wins from Trump immigration policy? Robotic berry pickers, for a start 1.9k Shares Friday deals to dig yourself out of the winter blues 793 Shares Apple hires Amazon Fire TV head to lead Apple TV 161 Shares Escape noisy planes with the best noise-cancelling headphones 1.1k Shares
About News Articles Equipment Directory Books Journals More... Videos Software Contact Newsletters Search Advertise Videos Software Market Reports Contact Newsletters Advertise Search Facebook Twitter Google Plus Become a Member Search Menu Posted in | Consumer Robotics | Remote Monitoring Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show Features Intel Shooting Star Drones Download PDF Copy Request Quote Published on February 6, 2017 at 11:38 AM Written by AZoRoboticsFeb 6 2017 An Intel Shooting Star drones fleet lights up the sky in the Pepsi logo following the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show on Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. (Credit: Intel Corporation) Three hundred Intel® Shooting Star™ drones were used to light up the sky over Lady Gaga at the start of the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show performance. The drones forming a Pepsi logo that morphed into an Intel logo was showcased by a 10-second Intel ad following the show. During the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show that took place on Feb 5, Intel Corporation joined with the NFL, Pepsi and six-time GRAMMY®*-winning music icon, Lady Gaga, in order to develop a unique drone light show experience to start off her performance. The sky was lit up with three hundred Intel® Shooting Star™ drones in a choreographed aerial performance, thus marking the very first drone integration during a Super Bowl and a televised event. As the icon’s performance started, Intel Shooting Star drones produced a backdrop of colorful formations in the sky together with twinkling stars that transformed into blue and red moving stars, before forming the American Flag for a dramatic finale that focused on bringing Lady Gaga to center stage on the field. The Intel Shooting Star drones further finished the halftime performance by creating the Pepsi logo in the sky. Lady Gaga and the Super Bowl creative team wanted to pull off something that had never been done before and we were able to combine Intel drone innovation with her artistry to pull off a truly unique experience. The potential for these light show drones is endless and we hope this experience inspires other creatives, artists and innovators to really think about how they can incorporate drone technology in new ways that have yet to even be thought of. Josh Walden, Senior Vice President and General Manager, New Technology Group, Intel Related Stories Drones for Conservation Applications Search and Rescue Drones (UAV) International Automated Material Handling Industry Report Available with Research and Markets Towards the end of the show, Intel additionally ran a 10-second spot featuring the Intel Shooting Star drones transforming from the Pepsi logo into the Intel logo. The Intel Shooting Star drones, specifically designed for entertainment purposes such as entertainment events and festivals, are known to be a new type of unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV). The purpose-built quadcopter drone has been constructed based on safety aspects and is made up of LED lights capable of developing more than 4 billion color combinations and can also be effortlessly programmed for any animation. Download PDF Copy Request Quote Comments Tell Us What You Think Do you have a review, update or anything you would like to add to this news story? Cancel reply to comment Leave your feedback Login     (Logout) 
 Public Comment Private Feedback to AZoRobotics.com Submit Latest interviews Featured equipment Trending stories Automated Robots for the Land Mining Industry Matthew Rendall Matthew Rendall, CEO at Clearpath Robotics talks to AZoRobotics about automated robots for the land mining industry. Elderly Care Robot Antonio Espingardeiro Antonio Espingardeiro, PhD student at the University of Salford talks to AZoRobotics about the P37 S65 Elderly Care Robot. Robot-Assisted Laparoscopic Myomectomy Dr. Antonio R. Gargiulo Dr. Antonio R. Gargiulo, Medical Director of the Center for Robotic Surgery of Brigham and Women’s Health Care in Boston, Massachusetts talks to Kal Kaur at AZoRobotics about Robot-Assisted Laparoscopic Myomectomy. Ruggedized High-Resolution IP67 LWIR Camera - Xenics Serval-640-GigE Serval-640-GigE Imaging is a high-resolution LWIR camera designed for reliable and long-term stable operation under harsh environmental conditions. It has a compact, reliable, and ruggedized design, making it suitable for in-line process and quality control in extreme industrial conditions. From Xenics 6-Axis Nano-Robotics Precision Positioning Stage, PIMars P-562 from PI PI’s 6-Axis nanopositioning stage offers motion in six degrees of freedom with extreme precision. It is utilised for nano-manufacturing and test and inspection of semiconductor processes. From PI (Physik Instrumente) LP TITAN 4 Manipulator Systems from Schilling Robotics, LLC. Hundreds of TITAN 4 manipulator systems are in use worldwide every day. TITAN manipulators are the highest quality system on the market for the dexterity and strength needed to withstand the industry's harsh and repetitive needs day after day. From Schilling Robotics, LLC. 1 Surgeons Perform First Robotic Kidney Auto-Transplantation Using Vinci Surgical System 2 New Robotic Prosthetic Arm Detects Spinal Nerve Signals 3 Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show Features Intel Shooting Star Drones 4 MIT Builds Transparent, Gel-Based Robots Capable of Evading Underwater Detection 5 Mitsubishi Electric's Ultra-thin Inspection Robot Extends Availability of Power Generators 6 DJI Launches Propeller Guard and Propeller Cage for Mavic Pro Drone Thought Leaders Application of LEGO-based Robotics in Higher Education: An Interview with Dr. Chris Rogers 3 Apr 2014 New Curriculum for Simulation-based Robotic Surgery: An Interview with Khurshid Guru and Thenkurussi Kesavadas 3 Jun 2013 Elderly Care Robot: An Interview with Antonio Espingardeiro, PhD student at the University of Salford 11 Mar 2013 Newsletters you may be interested in 3D Printing (Preview) Advanced Alloys (Preview) Aerospace (Preview) See all Newsletters » Other Sites from AZoNetwork AZoM AZoNano AZoCleantech AZoOptics AZoBuild AZoMining AZoSensors AZoQuantum News Medical Useful Links About News Articles Equipment Directory Books Journals Videos Software Market Reports Courses Events Manufacturers Distributors Consultants Newsletters Become a Member Search The Team Contact Help/FAQs Advertise Terms Sitemap back to top Facebook Twitter Google Plus AZoRobotics.com - An AZoNetwork Site Owned and operated by AZoNetwork, © 2000-2017 This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more. x

Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Zacks Investment Research Upgrades McClatchy Company (The) (MNI) to Hold Organovo Holdings, Inc. (ONVO) Shares Down 15.4% on Insider Selling iPass Inc. (IPAS) Stock Price Down 21.3% After Earnings Miss Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Lowered by Analyst Northcoast Research Comments on Owens Corning Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (OC) Alpine Global Premier Properties Fund (AWP) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Alpine Total Dynamic Dividend Fund (AOD) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 on February 28th Zytronic PLC (ZYT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Impax Asset Management Group Plc (IPX) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.60 on March 17th Brokerages Set Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Price Target at $30.42 Countrywide PLC (CWD) Receives GBX 207.13 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Cincinnati Bell Inc (CBB) Receives $20.63 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Amplify Snack Brands, inc. (BETR) PT at $16.60 Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (JAZZ) Receives $177.91 Average Target Price from Brokerages Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Stock Price Up -1.5% on Analyst Upgrade iRobot Corporation (IRBT) Shares Gap Down on Insider Selling Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Model N, Inc. (MODN) to Buy NewJersey Resources Corporation (NJR) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Seaport Global Securities Equities Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Regal Beloit Corporation (RBC) Analysts Set Intel Corp (INQ) Target Price at $40.71 February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Intel Corp (NYSE:INQ) have earned an average rating of “Hold” from the eight ratings firms that are presently covering the firm. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average 12-month target price among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $40.71. A number of equities analysts have commented on the company. Jefferies Group LLC set a $45.00 price objective on Intel Corp and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) set a $39.00 price objective on Intel Corp and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Citigroup Inc. reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of Intel Corp in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Sanford C. Bernstein set a $36.00 price objective on Intel Corp and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group set a $45.00 price objective on Intel Corp and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, January 27th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/06/analysts-set-intel-corp-inq-target-price-at-40-71.html. Intel Corp Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for Intel Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content Subscribe TRENDING GIFT GUIDES DRONES DRIVERLESS CARS TOPICS ANIMALS AVIATION CARS DIY ENERGY ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT GADGETS HEALTH MILITARY SCIENCE SPACE TECHNOLOGY VIDEOS BLOGS THE BIODESIGN CHALLENGE DO TRY THIS AT HOME EASTERN ARSENAL ZERO MOMENT SHOP FEATURES Archives Follow us email facebook twitter Google Plus instagram tumblr pinterest youTube rss Subscribe SUBSCRIBE to the Magazine Aviation Lady Gaga's halftime drones are a sign of the coming swarm First as gimmick, then as advertising By Kelsey D. Atherton posted Feb 6th, 2017 at 10:27am Intel Corporation Intel Shooting Star Drones Form American Flag There is nothing more American than a swarm of robots making a flag for an advertisement. Intel, the venerable microchip maker, is a company built around mining an almost infinite resource: increasingly powerful, increasingly cheap computing power. In 2017, computers and smart devices are ubiquitous, and it’s been 26 years since the company launched its “Intel Inside” campaign to sell people on computer guts. How can an aging tech giant try and stay relevant? Drones, pop stars, and the biggest advertising night of the year. As Lady Gaga opened the halftime show at Super Bowl LI, she did so in front of a Houston sky, artificially lit by Intel’s drone swarm. This artful drone swarm is not the first, though it is probably the highest-profile spectacle of its kind in the United States. Drones and dance troupes appeared on talent shows, drones have danced with humans alone in a field, an earlier Intel drone swarm set an early Guinness World Record with a dancing display. And there is my personal favorite, a small swarm of just 20 aerial robots performing before Mount Fuji, lights and flights creating a vibrant, thick sky. At the end of their Half Time performance, Intel’s drones spelled out the name of the show’s other big sponsor, Pepsi. Technology repeats itself, first as art and then as advertising. When computers are ubiquitous, the need to showcase their potential in new and novel ways leads to such things as the specially-designed robotic entertainers. Each one of Intel’s “Shooting Star Drones” weighs under 10 ounces, can fly for up to 20 minutes, and flies at around 6 mph. Yet it’s the computing that really stands out: the whole swarm of 300 flying robots are controlled by one pilot and one computer, with a second pilot on hand in case of emergencies. Coordinating flying swarms has applications far beyond just entertainment. Revealed in a 60 Minutes segment in early January, the Pentagon tested an autonomous drone swarm in October 2016. Those robots, coordinating with each other and flying together towards set objectives, represent the first wave of military swarming, with smaller, cheaper flocks of robots replacing or complementing the jobs previously done by bigger, more expensive craft. For a swarm to work, each drone in the swarm needs enough computing power to keep track of where it is relative to its neighbors, and to communicate that location, while also flying together in a present plan and accounting for how wind may push them off course. It’s a delicate dance, and one only really possible because of advances in modern computing. How do you sell a microchip to a world where everyone has computers in their pockets? Cover it in lights, put it in the sky, and show people something they’ve most likely never seen: a brightly colored swarm, hung in the sky like a light-up pinboard. Tags: drones uavs unmanned aerial vehicles intel drone swarms super bowl lady gaga Aviation Editors' Picks Latest News Videos Subscribe Renew Customer Service Privacy Policy Terms of Use Abuse Masthead Contact Us Popular Science TV Copyright © 2017 Popular Science. A Bonnier Corporation Company. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Tech Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Tech Home Computers Google Video Games Military Tech War Games Slideshows Drones How drones lit up the sky in Lady Gaga's Super Bowl halftime show Published February 06, 2017 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print An Intel Shooting Star drones fleet lights up the sky in an American Flag formation during the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show on Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. (Credit: Intel Corporation) Some 300 drones lit up the sky in a spectacular synchronized display during Lady Gaga’s Super Bowl halftime show Sunday. The stunning light show kicked off Lady Gaga’s eagerly-anticipated performance with the drones creating eye-catching formations in the night sky. At one point the drones looked like twinkling stars before transforming into red and blue moving stars, creating an American flag. SUPER BOWL LI WILL TAP TECH TO GIVE VIEWERS A PLAYER'S POV Specially-designed for the entertainment industry, the drones are the brainchild of tech giant Intel. The quadcopters are equipped with LED lights that can create over 4 billion color combinations and can be easily programmed to create any animation, according to the Santa Clara, Calif.-based firm. “Lady Gaga and the Super Bowl creative team wanted to pull off something that had never been done before and we were able to combine Intel drone innovation with her artistry to pull off a truly unique experience,” said Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager of Intel’s New Technology Group, in a press release. “The potential for these light show drones is endless and we hope this experience inspires other creatives, artists and innovators to really think about how they can incorporate drone technology in new ways that have yet to even be thought of.” MACY'S FOURTH OF JULY FIREWORKS TAP TECH TO LIGHT UP SMARTPHONE SCREENS However, with a Federal Aviation Administration drone ban in place over Houston's NRG Stadium during the Super Bowl, Wired reports that the display was filmed earlier in the week, well before the big game. Intel’s Shooting Star drones have already been used by Disney to create light shows. Last year Intel also flew a synchronized fleet of 500 Shooting Star drones in Germany, setting a Guinness World Record for the most Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) airborne simultaneously. Advertisement TRENDING IN TECH 1 US Navy destroyer tests new defense system, takes out ballistic missile 2 5 questions to ask before buying a 2-in-1 computer 3 Best computer discount programs for students 4 Top tactical Valentine's Day gifts for women 5 Apple's iPhone 'X' might cost as much as a MacBook See all Trends Scitech Connect Subscribe to the daily Geek Sheet for the top science and technology stories. Thank you! Your subscription has been submitted. Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News Axiomtek Unveils the eBOX640-500-FL – A High Performance Embedded Box PC with User-Friendly Design Axiomtek Unveils the eBOX640-500-FL – A High Performance Embedded Box PC with User-Friendly Design Axiomtek releases the eBOX640-500-FL, a high performance embedded system ideally suited for cloud computing servers, security surveillance, industrial automation and more. City of Industry, CA, February 06, 2017 –(PR.com)– Axiomtek, one of the world’s leading designers and manufacturers of innovative, high performance and reliable PC-based industrial computer products, is proud to announce the eBOX640-500-FL, an fanless embedded computer system featuring scalable CPU options with the 7th/6th Generation Intel® Core™ i7/i5/i3 or Celeron® processors. Designed with an optimized thermal design to save energy, the eBOX640-500-FL can operate silently and minimize power consumption. It features a wide choice of front-accessible user-friendly I/O interface for easy cabling and maintenance to provide customers with a lower total cost of ownership and higher return on investment. This high-performance embedded box PC is an ideal solution for use in cloud computing servers, multimedia applications, security surveillance, industrial automation, and more. “Designed with the latest, high performance Intel® Core™ CPUs available, the eBOX640-500-FL packs big performance in a compact size,” said Product Manager Janney Lee. “The eBOX640-500-FL’s rugged design supports an extended operating temperature range of -10°C to +55°C, a wide voltage range DC power input from 10VDC – 30VDC with power protection, and up to 2G vibration endurance: which provides reliable and stable operation in harsh environments.” To enhance wireless communication capabilities, the compact embedded system provides one PCI Express Mini Card slot and one SIM card slot. It features dual DDR4-2133 DIMM sockets with up to 32GB of system memory. For extensive storage needs, it is equipped with dual 2.5” SATA hard drive bays and one mSATA interface. The eBOX640-500-FL also features rich I/O options including one RS-232/422/485, three RS-232, two Gigabit Ethernet, two USB 2.0, four USB 3.0, one audio (Mic-in/Line-out), one HDMI, one DisplayPort, one VGA, and two SMA type connector openings for antennas. This embedded BOX PC supports three independent high resolution displays and 4K resolution (DisplayPort, HDMI and VGA) for high quality imaging. The eBOX640-500-FL also runs well with the WE8S and Windows® 10 IoT. A wall mount kit is available upon request. The eBOX640-500-FL will be available soon. For more product information or pricing, please visit us.axiomtek.com or contact a sales representative at solutions@axiomtek.com. Advanced Features: – LGA1151 socket 7th/6th generation Intel® Core™ i7/i5/i3 or Celeron® processor families – Two 288-pin DDR4-2133 DIMM sockets, up to 32GB – Fanless operation, compact design with desktop performance – Four COM (1 x RS-232/422/485, 3 x RS-232), two Gigabit LAN and four USB 3.0 ports – Two 2.5″ SATA drive bays – One PCI Express Mini Card slot and one SIM slot – Front panel I/O connectivity design – 10VDC – 30VDC wide range power input About Axiomtek Co., Ltd Axiomtek Co., Ltd. established in 1990, is one of the world’s leading designers/manufacturers of PC-based industrial computer products. From its roots as a turnkey systems integrator specializing in data acquisition and control systems, Axiomtek has mirrored the PC and IoT evolutions by shifting its focus toward the design and manufacture of PC-based industrial solutions and value-added services for different industries including, transportation, medical, industrial automation, power utilities and renewable energy, digital signage, network appliances, gaming, retail/POS/Kiosks. It has more than 60 distributor partners globally. Axiomtek offers industrial PCs, single board computers and system on modules, fanless and rugged embedded systems, intelligent transportation systems, EtherCAT Master Controllers, IoT gateway devices, touch panel computers, medical grade PCs, digital signage OPS players, industrial network and network appliances and casino gaming platforms. Axiomtek USA headquarters is located in City of Industry, Calif. Established in 1994, the subsidiary incorporates product integration and logistics as well as a wide range of service offerings including design assistance, technical support and return merchandise assistance. Axiomtek Systems in Methuen, MA, was formed in 2012 after its acquisition. It has added its high level of expertise on COTS integration and a variety of value-added services to Axiomtek USA’s comprehensive suite of capabilities. Axiomtek USA has become the premier value-added service provider for systems integration assistance and project management. As an associate member of the Intel® Internet of Things Solutions Alliance, Axiomtek continuously develops and delivers cutting edge solutions based on the latest Intel® platforms. CategoriesUncategorized TagsComputing, front, headquarters, Industry, Internet, service, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Cinnabar Market Analysis, Trend, Opportunity & Forecast Report 2017-2021 Next PostNext Viribright® Lighting Announces Their New Technology, $.80 60 Watt A19 Dimmable LED Light Bulb at the 2017 True Value Spring Reunion in Booth 4336 at the Anaheim Convention Center in Los Angeles, CA February 17th-19th Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Search Silicon IP Search Verification IP Latest News Industry Articles Industry Expert Blogs Videos Slides Events ≡ Menu Design And Reuse Login | Subscribe Company | design-reuse.cn | dr-embedded.com | D&R Products | English Chinese Login | Subscribe to D&R SoC News Alert Design And Reuse Search IP Categories Silicon IP Analog & Mixed Signal Storage Controller & PHY Graphic & Peripheral Interface Controller & PHY Processors & Microcontrollers Memory & Logic Library Security Multimedia Wireline Communication Wireless Communication Silicon IP Vendors   Verification IP Search / Browse Verification IP Vendors Software IP Search / Browse Software IP Vendors     Additional Services Wanted IPs IP Analytics Featured Products PLL LVDS Receiver PHY (De-serializer + IO) DDR4 Memory Controller Single Port, Low Voltage, GLOBALFOUNDRIES 55LPE with Flash, HVt & Svt, SRAM Memory Compiler News Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Fabless / IDM Deals Legal Business Financial Results People Commentary / Analysis 20 Most Popular News Latest News Intel Supports American Innovation with $7 Billion Investment in Next-Generation Semiconductor Factory in Arizona Thursday Feb. 09, 2017 Data Center Calls for 800GE Spec Thursday Feb. 09, 2017 Rambus Introduces High Bandwidth Memory PHY on GLOBALFOUNDRIES FX-14 ASIC Platform using 14nm LPP Process Technology Wednesday Feb. 08, 2017 Industry Articles Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Business 20 Most Popular Articles Featured Articles Configurable Microprocessor for Life Essential Devices Monday Feb. 06, 2017 A Knowledge Sharing Framework for Fabs, SoC Design Houses and IP Vendors Monday Jan. 30, 2017 A Cost-Effective Reuse Method of Off-the-Shelf MIMO Wireless LAN IPs with a Nested Spatial Mapping Monday Jan. 23, 2017 Blogs Industry Expert Blogs Intel Alternative Facts! SemiWiki - Robert Maire Tom Quan on TSMC's Automotive Strategy Breakfast Bytes - Paul McLellan The Impact of PCIe 4.0 Specification for Designers SemiWiki - Eric Esteve Videos Slides Events IP-SOC Days 2017 IP-SOC 2016 Archives IP-SOC 2016 IP-SOC 2015 IP-SOC 2014 IP-SOC 2013 IP-SOC 2012 IP-SOC 2011 IP-SOC 2010 Choose a filter Full Site Search Silicon IP Verification IP Software IP News Industry Articles Industry Expert Blogs AMD vs Intel Update! SemiWiki - Daniel Nenni Feb. 06, 2017 it just me or has AMD just pulled off one of the most amazing semiconductor comebacks of the century? Let’s take a closer look. Who doesn’t long for the days when Intel and AMD went head to head in the battle for microprocessor supremacy? Back then Intel, was still operating under the Andrew Grove mantra of “Only the Paranoid Survive” and ultimately pounded AMD into submission. The battle officially started when IBM required a second source for the IBM PC x86 chips Intel is now famous for. Like Intel, the AMD founders also came from Fairchild and started AMD as a semiconductor second sourcing business for a variety of chips. It really was an epic semiconductor battle with Intel and AMD leap frogging down Moore's Law. In fact, I remember buying motherboards with an AMD 40Mhz processor versus an Intel 36Mhz chip just to keep the second source dream alive. Click here to read more ... Search Silicon IP 12,000 IP Cores from 400 Vendors   Related Blogs What's Behind The Power Savings Let's Talk PVT Monitoring: Thermal Issues Associated with Modern SoCs - How Hot is Hot? Let's Talk PVT Monitoring: Understanding Your Chip's Age Moortec "Let's Talk PVT Monitoring" Series with CTO Oliver King Microprocessors: Will ARM Rule the World?   EETimes © 2017 Design And Reuse All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be copied, retransmitted, reposted, duplicated or otherwise used without the express written permission of Design And Reuse. Partner with us Visit our new Partnership Portal for more information. Partner with us List your Products Suppliers, list your IPs for free. List your Products Design-Reuse.com Contact Us About us D&R Partner Program Advertise with Us Privacy Policy
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming MWC 2017 GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 Google Pixel iPhone 8 Home / News / Tablet News / Is Intel working on a curved Surface Pro rival? Is Intel working on a curved Surface Pro rival? by Joe Roberts 06 February 2017 0 shares Read Comments A new patent has been revealed, which shows Intel could be working on its own hybrid notebook device with an innovative design. The patent, revealed by The Leaker, shows a curved 2-in-1 device, that could, if ever released, take the fight to Microsoft and its Surface range of devices. Intel's design comprises a detachable curved screen and keyboard, with the screen capable of being used as a tablet (we're intrigued to see whether a curved tablet would prove popular and a curved keyboard would, you know, work). Related: MWC 2017 As The Leaker states, according to the patent, it looks like there could be a battery in both the keyboard and the screen, with the keyboard section also said to be capable of housing extra storage and CPU power. It's also said that the screen could enter a low-power mode when removed from the base, to squeeze some extra life out of its cell. The curved aspect is something we've seen a lot in the TV industry, but although Acer unveiled the world's first curved-screen notebook in the form of the Predator 21 X last August, the curved design is yet to take off in the laptop/tablet industry. Which makes Intel's design all the more interesting, but, as with all patents, there's no guarantee the device will ever make it to market. Rumour has it that if the product does launch, it will come packing Intel's upcoming eighth generation processors, which will give it a real chance against Microsoft's Surface Pro 4 (or 5) – especially if it's priced competitively. For now, there's no official word on whether the hybrid detailed in the patent will actually arrive, but stay tuned for more in the near future. WATCH: MWC – What to expect Let us know what you think of the patent in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments fire115 February 6, 2017, 3:42 pm yes that what iv been missing all this time a curved device! forget about battery improvements, more ram, good price or 1tb-2tb ssd, who needs that crap... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Putin greets participants in Ski Track of Russia competition Sport February 11, 10:30 Some 1.5 mln skiers to take part in Russian Ski Run, world’s largest mass skiing event Sport February 11, 8:09 Russian charity fund delivers over 200 kg of medicines for Syrian kids World February 11, 7:28 New York court completes hearings in Povetkin vs. Wilder case Sport February 11, 7:26 US intelligence has info on possible transfer of Snowden to US - TV World February 11, 6:05 ‘Russian hackers’ hysteria in US may be extremely profitable — Zakharova Russian Politics & Diplomacy February 11, 2:22 EU foreign policy chief doubts West is consolidated on anti-Russian sanctions World February 11, 1:25 Kiev to tell Normandy Four that Donbass elections impossible without security improvements World February 11, 0:44 Major synthetic drug cartel busted in Russia, 67 members detained Society & Culture February 11, 0:25 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 11.02.2017 10.02.2017 09.02.2017 08.02.2017 07.02.2017 06.02.2017 05.02.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Supermicro Deploys 30,000+ MicroBlade™ Servers Press Releases February 06, 16:00 UTC+3 Silicon Valley Fortune 100 Data Center Achieves 1.06 Power Usage Effectiveness with 280 Nodes per Rack Delivering Maximum Server Density and Efficiency Share 1 pages in this article SAN JOSE, California, Feb. 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Super Micro Computer, Inc. (NASDAQ: SMCI), a global leader in compute, storage and networking technologies including green computing, has announced deployment of its disaggregated MicroBlade™ systems at one of the world's highest density and energy efficient data centers. Photo - http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/464938/Super_Micro_Computer_Microblade.jpg A technology-leading Fortune 100 company has deployed over 30,000 Supermicro MicroBlade servers, at its Silicon Valley data center facility with a Power Use Effectiveness (PUE) of 1.06, to support the company's growing compute needs. Compared to a traditional data center running at 1.49 PUE, or more, the new datacenter achieves an 88 percent improvement in overall energy efficiency. When the build out is complete at a 35 megawatt IT load power, the company is targeting $13.18M in savings per year in total energy costs across the entire datacenter. The Supermicro MicroBlade system represents an entirely new type of computing platform. It is a powerful and flexible extreme-density 3U or 6U all-in-one total system that features 14 or 28 hot-swappable MicroBlade Server blades. The system deliver 86% improvement in power/cooling efficiency with common shared infrastructure, 56 percent system density improvement and lower initial investment versus 1U servers. The solution has 280 Intel® Xeon® processor-servers per rack and achieves 45 percent to-65 percent CAPEX savings per refresh cycle with a disaggregated rack scale design. "With 280 Intel Xeon processor-servers in a 9-foot rack, and up to 86 percent improvement in system cooling efficiency, the MicroBlade system is a game changer," said Charles Liang, President and CEO of Supermicro. "Leveraging our Silicon Valley based engineering team and global service capabilities, Supermicro collaborated closely with the company's IT department and delivered a solution from design concept to optimally tuned, high-quality product with full supply chain and large-scale delivery support in five weeks.  With our new MicroBlade and SuperBlade, we have changed the game of blade architecture to make blades the lowest in initial acquisition cost for our customers, not just the best in terms of computation, power efficiency, cable-less design, and TCO." The Supermicro MicroBlade disaggregated architecture unlocks the interdependence between the major server subsystems enabling the independent upgrade of CPU+Memory, I/O, Storage and, Power/Cooling.  Now each component can be refreshed on-time to maximize Moore's Law improvements in performance and efficiency versus waiting for a single monolithic server refresh cycle. "A disaggregated server architecture enables the independent upgrades of the compute modules without replacing the rest of the enclosure including networking, storage, fans and power supplies, which refresh at a slower rate," said Shesha Krishnapura, Intel Fellow and Intel IT CTO. "By disaggregating CPU and memory, each resource can be refreshed independently allowing data centers to reduce refresh cycle costs. When viewed over a three to five year refresh cycle, an Intel Rack Scale Design disaggregated server architecture will deliver, on-average, higher-performing and more-efficient servers at lower costs than traditional rip-and-replace models by allowing data centers to independently optimize adoption of new and improved technologies." The MicroBlade provides the perfect building block for a Rack-Scale design data center solution. The networking across all server blades is aggregated into just two ports for uplink through an integrated switch, eliminating the need for Top-of-Rack (ToR) switches and complex cabling. With up to 99% cabling reduction for the MicroBlade system, airflow is significantly improved, which in turn reduces the load on the cooling fans, resulting in even lower OPEX. Up to 86 percent cooling fan power efficiency improvement is achieved by sharing four cooling fans and integrated power modules across all 14 MicroBlade server blades. The MicroBlade enclosure is configured with a Chassis Management Module for unified management and redundant 2,000 watt Titanium Level certified digital power supplies for 96% energy efficiency. Supermicro MicroBlade is shipped with industry standard IPMI 2.0 and Redfish API designed to lower management overhead in large scale data centers. The MicroBlade also supports DP Intel Xeon E5-2600 v4/v3 processors (MBI-6128R-T2/T2X blade server part numbers). In addition to the MicroBlade, Supermicro is introducing a new SuperBlade® architecture with more deployment options. The X10 Generation SuperBlade supports up to 10/14/20 ES-2600 v4 dual processor nodes per 7U chassis with many of the same features as the MicroBlade system. The new 8U SuperBlade® systems use the same Ethernet switches, chassis management modules, and software as the MicroBlade for improved reliability, serviceability, and affordability. The systems are designed to support DP and MP processors up to 205 watts in half-height and full-height blades, respectively. Similarly, the new 4U SuperBlade systems maximize performance and efficiency while enabling up to 140 dual-processor servers or 280 single-processor servers per 42U rack. About the MicroBlade 3U Enclosure Deployed 30,000+ Intel® Xeon® Processor based Supermicro® MicroBlade™ Server blades Each 3U MicroBlade enclosure consists of 14 hot-swap server blades 56% better data center space utilization / density compared to previous solution deployed Up to 96.5% cable reduction Up to 2 Ethernet switches 2x 40Gb/s QSFP or 8x 10Gb/s SFP+ uplinks per enclosure High efficiency shared Titanium Level (96%+) digital power supplies 45% to 65% CAPEX savings due to disaggregated hardware architecture About the MicroBlade 6U Enclosure Up to 28 hot-swap blade servers (56 UP or 28 Xeon DP nodes) Up to 98% cable reduction Up to 2 GbE switches with 2x 40Gb/s QSFP or 8x 10Gb/s SFP+ uplinks per enclosure Up to 8 (N+1 or N+N redundant) 2000W Titanium certified high-efficiency (96%) digital power supplies New 8U SuperBlade Enclosure Up to 20 half-height 2-socket blade servers Up to 10 full-height 4-socket blade servers One 100G EDR IB or Omni-Path switch Up to 2 Ethernet switches (1G,10G) for Ethernet connectivity i One Chassis Management Module (CMM) Up to 8x (N+1 or N+N redundant) 2200W Titanium (96%) digital power supplies New 4U SuperBlade Enclosure Up to 14 half-height 2-socket blade servers Up to 28 single-socket blade server nodes Up to 2 Ethernet (1G, 10G, or 25G) switches Up to 4 (N+1 or N+N redundant) 2200W Titanium (96%) digital power supplies One Chassis Management Module (CMM) Typical MicroBlade Blade Server s 3U/6U MicroBlade – designed for best advantages over many industry standard architectures with all-in-one total solution, ultra high density, ultra low power consumption, best performance per watt per dollar, high scalability, and best ease of service. The MicroBlade enclosure can incorporate up to 2x Ethernet switches (10G or 1G) and up to 2 Chassis Management Modules. It can incorporate up to 4 or 8 redundant (N+1 or N+N) 2000W Titanium Level high-efficiency (96%+) power supplies with cooling fans. MBI-6119G-C4/T4 – 28 Intel® Xeon® processor E3-1200 v5 product family nodes per 6U (up to 196 nodes per 42U) or 14 nodes per 3U with 4x 2.5" SAS SSD, RAID 0,1,1E,10 or 4x 2.5" SATA HDD. MBI-6219G-T – 56 Intel® Xeon® processor E3-1200 v5 product family nodes per 6U (up to 392 computing nodes per 42U rack) or 28 nodes per 3U with 2x 2.5" SSD per node. MBI-6218G-T41X/-T81X – 56 Intel® Xeon® Processor D-1581/1541 product family nodes per 6U (up to 392 computing nodes per 42U rack) or 28 nodes per 3U with up to 16 cores and integrated 10GbE per node. MBI-6118G-T41X/-T81X – 28 Intel® Xeon® Processor D-1541/D-1581 product family nodes per 6U (up to 196 computing nodes per 42U rack) or 14 nodes per 3U with 8 cores and integrated 2x 10GbE. MBI-6219G-T7LX /-T8HX – 56 Intel® Xeon® Processor E3-1578L v5/E3-1585 v5 product family nodes per 6U (up to 392 computing nodes per 42U rack) or 28 nodes per 3U with Intel® Iris™ Pro Graphics P580 and integrated 10GbE per node. MBI-6119G-T41X /-T8HX – 28 Intel® Xeon® Processor E3-1578L v5/E3-1585 v5  product family nodes per 6U (up to 196 computing nodes per 42U rack) or 14 nodes per 3U with Intel® Iris™ Pro Graphics P580 and integrated 2x 10GbE. MBI-6128R-T2/-T2X    – 28 Intel® Xeon® Processor E5-2600 v4 product family DP nodes per 6U (up to 196 computing nodes per 42U rack) or 14 nodes per 3U with 1GbE and 10GbE options. For more on Supermicro MicroBlade™ solutions visit: https://www.supermicro.com/products/MicroBlade/. For more information on Supermicro's complete range of high-performance, high-efficiency Server, Storage and Networking solutions, please visit www.supermicro.com. Follow Supermicro on Facebook and Twitter to receive their latest news and announcements. About Super Micro Computer, Inc. (NASDAQ: SMCI) Supermicro® (NASDAQ: SMCI), the leading innovator in high-performance, high-efficiency server technology is a premier provider of advanced server Building Block Solutions® for Data Center, Cloud Computing, Enterprise IT, Hadoop/Big Data, HPC and Embedded Systems worldwide. Supermicro is committed to protecting the environment through its "We Keep IT Green®" initiative and provides customers with the most energy-efficient, environmentally-friendly solutions available on the market. Supermicro, SuperBlade, MicroBlade, Building Block Solutions and We Keep IT Green are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Super Micro Computer, Inc. Intel and Xeon are trademarks or registered trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. All other brands, names and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. SMCI-A   CONTACT:  Michael Kalodrich, Super Micro Computer, Inc., michaelk@supermicro.com    {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Top News February 11, 2:22 ‘Russian hackers’ hysteria in US may be extremely profitable — Zakharova February 11, 2:22 February 11, 1:25 EU foreign policy chief doubts West is consolidated on anti-Russian sanctions February 11, 1:25 February 11, 0:44 Kiev to tell Normandy Four that Donbass elections impossible without security improvements February 11, 0:44 February 11, 0:11 Donbass investigators prove involvement of Ukrainian secret services in Givi’s murder February 11, 0:11 In other media Реклама Photo 2 To those who fought through the fiery miles of the Arctic seas 2 Latest Seiko Boutique Opens in Frankfurt 2 Yiwu Imported Commodities Fair 2015 Ends in Success With $193 Million in New Business Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Russia’s state defense order in 2015 Chinese Lunar Exploration Program Russia’s Angara A5 heavy-load space carrier rocket Most read Now Today This week 1 Donbass investigators prove involvement of Ukrainian secret services in Givi’s murder 2 ‘Russian hackers’ hysteria in US may be extremely profitable — Zakharova 3 Finance minister: Russia’s 2017-2019 budget to ensure army modernization 4 US intelligence has info on possible transfer of Snowden to US - TV 5 Kiev to tell Normandy Four that Donbass elections impossible without security improvements 6 Ships of Russian Baltic Fleet to make voyage to Antarctica this year 7 Russia’s advanced MiG-35 fighter jet to use cutting-edge weapons 1 Ships of Russian Baltic Fleet to make voyage to Antarctica this year 2 Ukraine to hold live-fire drills with Buk-M1 missile systems near Crimea 3 Moscow denies delivering tanks to Donbass 4 Kremlin refutes reports Russian ambassador and Trump’s advisor discussed sanctions 5 ‘Russian hackers’ hysteria in US may be extremely profitable — Zakharova 6 US intelligence has info on possible transfer of Snowden to US - TV 7 Ten years after Putin’s Munich Speech: whence the threat to peace? 1 Kremlin wants apology from Fox News for calling Putin 'killer' 2 Ships of Russian Baltic Fleet to make voyage to Antarctica this year 3 Russia will use Iran's airbase to fight terrorists if necessary, envoy says 4 UK scrambles Typhoon fighter jets to escort Russian bombers 5 Kremlin disagrees with Trump's claims Iran is 'terrorist state number one' 6 Lugansk militia commander killed in car blast - news agency 7 Three Turkish servicemen killed in Russian warplane’s unintentional airstrike in Aleppo TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Axiomtek Press Release Receive press releases from Axiomtek: By Email RSS Feeds: Axiomtek Unveils the eBOX640-500-FL  A High Performance Embedded Box PC with User-Friendly Design Axiomtek releases the eBOX640-500-FL, a high performance embedded system ideally suited for cloud computing servers, security surveillance, industrial automation and more. City of Industry, CA, February 06, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Axiomtek, one of the world's leading designers and manufacturers of innovative, high performance and reliable PC-based industrial computer products, is proud to announce the eBOX640-500-FL, an fanless embedded computer system featuring scalable CPU options with the 7th/6th Generation Intel® Core™ i7/i5/i3 or Celeron® processors. Designed with an optimized thermal design to save energy, the eBOX640-500-FL can operate silently and minimize power consumption. It features a wide choice of front-accessible user-friendly I/O interface for easy cabling and maintenance to provide customers with a lower total cost of ownership and higher return on investment. This high-performance embedded box PC is an ideal solution for use in cloud computing servers, multimedia applications, security surveillance, industrial automation, and more. “Designed with the latest, high performance Intel® Core™ CPUs available, the eBOX640-500-FL packs big performance in a compact size,” said Product Manager Janney Lee. “The eBOX640-500-FL’s rugged design supports an extended operating temperature range of -10°C to +55°C, a wide voltage range DC power input from 10VDC - 30VDC with power protection, and up to 2G vibration endurance: which provides reliable and stable operation in harsh environments.” To enhance wireless communication capabilities, the compact embedded system provides one PCI Express Mini Card slot and one SIM card slot. It features dual DDR4-2133 DIMM sockets with up to 32GB of system memory. For extensive storage needs, it is equipped with dual 2.5” SATA hard drive bays and one mSATA interface. The eBOX640-500-FL also features rich I/O options including one RS-232/422/485, three RS-232, two Gigabit Ethernet, two USB 2.0, four USB 3.0, one audio (Mic-in/Line-out), one HDMI, one DisplayPort, one VGA, and two SMA type connector openings for antennas. This embedded BOX PC supports three independent high resolution displays and 4K resolution (DisplayPort, HDMI and VGA) for high quality imaging. The eBOX640-500-FL also runs well with the WE8S and Windows® 10 IoT. A wall mount kit is available upon request. The eBOX640-500-FL will be available soon. For more product information or pricing, please visit us.axiomtek.com or contact a sales representative at solutions@axiomtek.com. Advanced Features: - LGA1151 socket 7th/6th generation Intel® Core™ i7/i5/i3 or Celeron® processor families - Two 288-pin DDR4-2133 DIMM sockets, up to 32GB - Fanless operation, compact design with desktop performance - Four COM (1 x RS-232/422/485, 3 x RS-232), two Gigabit LAN and four USB 3.0 ports - Two 2.5" SATA drive bays - One PCI Express Mini Card slot and one SIM slot - Front panel I/O connectivity design - 10VDC - 30VDC wide range power input About Axiomtek Co., Ltd Axiomtek Co., Ltd. established in 1990, is one of the world's leading designers/manufacturers of PC-based industrial computer products. From its roots as a turnkey systems integrator specializing in data acquisition and control systems, Axiomtek has mirrored the PC and IoT evolutions by shifting its focus toward the design and manufacture of PC-based industrial solutions and value-added services for different industries including, transportation, medical, industrial automation, power utilities and renewable energy, digital signage, network appliances, gaming, retail/POS/Kiosks. It has more than 60 distributor partners globally. Axiomtek offers industrial PCs, single board computers and system on modules, fanless and rugged embedded systems, intelligent transportation systems, EtherCAT Master Controllers, IoT gateway devices, touch panel computers, medical grade PCs, digital signage OPS players, industrial network and network appliances and casino gaming platforms. Axiomtek USA headquarters is located in City of Industry, Calif. Established in 1994, the subsidiary incorporates product integration and logistics as well as a wide range of service offerings including design assistance, technical support and return merchandise assistance. Axiomtek Systems in Methuen, MA, was formed in 2012 after its acquisition. It has added its high level of expertise on COTS integration and a variety of value-added services to Axiomtek USA’s comprehensive suite of capabilities. Axiomtek USA has become the premier value-added service provider for systems integration assistance and project management. As an associate member of the Intel® Internet of Things Solutions Alliance, Axiomtek continuously develops and delivers cutting edge solutions based on the latest Intel® platforms. Contact Information Axiomtek Larry Wu 1-888-462-9466 Contact us.axiomtek.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Axiomtek Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News Supermicro Deploys 30,000+ MicroBlade™ Servers to Enable One of the World’s Highest Efficiency (1.06 PUE) Data Centers SAN JOSE, Calif., Feb. 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Super Micro Computer, Inc. (NASDAQ: SMCI), a global leader in compute, storage and networking technologies including green computing, has announced deployment of its disaggregated MicroBlade™ systems at one of the world’s highest density and energy efficient data centers. A technology-leading Fortune 100 company has deployed over 30,000 Supermicro MicroBlade servers, at its Silicon Valley data center facility with a Power Use Effectiveness (PUE) of 1.06, to support the company’s growing compute needs. Compared to a traditional data center running at 1.49 PUE, or more, the new datacenter achieves an 88 percent improvement in overall energy efficiency. When the build out is complete at a 35 megawatt IT load power, the company is targeting $13.18M in savings per year in total energy costs across the entire datacenter. The Supermicro MicroBlade system represents an entirely new type of computing platform. It is a powerful and flexible extreme-density 3U or 6U all-in-one total system that features 14 or 28 hot-swappable MicroBlade Server blades. The system deliver 86% improvement in power/cooling efficiency with common shared infrastructure, 56 percent system density improvement and lower initial investment versus 1U servers. The solution has 280 Intel® Xeon® processor-servers per rack and achieves 45 percent to-65 percent CAPEX savings per refresh cycle with a disaggregated rack scale design. „With 280 Intel Xeon processor-servers in a 9-foot rack, and up to 86 percent improvement in system cooling efficiency, the MicroBlade system is a game changer,” said Charles Liang, President and CEO of Supermicro. „Leveraging our Silicon Valley based engineering team and global service capabilities, Supermicro collaborated closely with the company’s IT department and delivered a solution from design concept to optimally tuned, high-quality product with full supply chain and large-scale delivery support in five weeks. With our new MicroBlade and SuperBlade, we have changed the game of blade architecture to make blades the lowest in initial acquisition cost for our customers, not just the best in terms of computation, power efficiency, cable-less design, and TCO.” The Supermicro MicroBlade disaggregated architecture unlocks the interdependence between the major server subsystems enabling the independent upgrade of CPU+Memory, I/O, Storage and, Power/Cooling. Now each component can be refreshed on-time to maximize Moore’s Law improvements in performance and efficiency versus waiting for a single monolithic server refresh cycle. „A disaggregated server architecture enables the independent upgrades of the compute modules without replacing the rest of the enclosure including networking, storage, fans and power supplies, which refresh at a slower rate,” said Shesha Krishnapura, Intel Fellow and Intel IT CTO. „By disaggregating CPU and memory, each resource can be refreshed independently allowing data centers to reduce refresh cycle costs. When viewed over a three to five year refresh cycle, an Intel Rack Scale Design disaggregated server architecture will deliver, on-average, higher-performing and more-efficient servers at lower costs than traditional rip-and-replace models by allowing data centers to independently optimize adoption of new and improved technologies.” The MicroBlade provides the perfect building block for a Rack-Scale design data center solution. The networking across all server blades is aggregated into just two ports for uplink through an integrated switch, eliminating the need for Top-of-Rack (ToR) switches and complex cabling. With up to 99% cabling reduction for the MicroBlade system, airflow is significantly improved, which in turn reduces the load on the cooling fans, resulting in even lower OPEX. Up to 86 percent cooling fan power efficiency improvement is achieved by sharing four cooling fans and integrated power modules across all 14 MicroBlade server blades. The MicroBlade enclosure is configured with a Chassis Management Module for unified management and redundant 2,000 watt Titanium Level certified digital power supplies for 96% energy efficiency. Supermicro MicroBlade is shipped with industry standard IPMI 2.0 and Redfish API designed to lower management overhead in large scale data centers. The MicroBlade also supports DP Intel Xeon E5-2600 v4/v3 processors (MBI-6128R-T2/T2X blade server part numbers). In addition to the MicroBlade, Supermicro is introducing a new SuperBlade® architecture with more deployment options. The X10 Generation SuperBlade supports up to 10/14/20 ES-2600 v4 dual processor nodes per 7U chassis with many of the same features as the MicroBlade system. The new 8U SuperBlade® systems use the same Ethernet switches, chassis management modules, and software as the MicroBlade for improved reliability, serviceability, and affordability. The systems are designed to support DP and MP processors up to 205 watts in half-height and full-height blades, respectively. Similarly, the new 4U SuperBlade systems maximize performance and efficiency while enabling up to 140 dual-processor servers or 280 single-processor servers per 42U rack. About the MicroBlade 3U Enclosure Deployed About the MicroBlade 6U Enclosure New 8U SuperBlade Enclosure New 4U SuperBlade Enclosure Typical MicroBlade Blade Servers 3U/6U MicroBlade – designed for best advantages over many industry standard architectures with all-in-one total solution, ultra high density, ultra low power consumption, best performance per watt per dollar, high scalability, and best ease of service. The MicroBlade enclosure can incorporate up to 2x Ethernet switches (10G or 1G) and up to 2 Chassis Management Modules. It can incorporate up to 4 or 8 redundant (N+1 or N+N) 2000W Titanium Level high-efficiency (96%+) power supplies with cooling fans. MBI-6119G-C4/T4 – 28 Intel® Xeon® processor E3-1200 v5 product family nodes per 6U (up to 196 nodes per 42U) or 14 nodes per 3U with 4x 2.5″ SAS SSD, RAID 0,1,1E,10 or 4x 2.5″ SATA HDD. MBI-6219G-T – 56 Intel® Xeon® processor E3-1200 v5 product family nodes per 6U (up to 392 computing nodes per 42U rack) or 28 nodes per 3U with 2x 2.5″ SSD per node. MBI-6218G-T41X/-T81X – 56 Intel® Xeon® Processor D-1581/1541 product family nodes per 6U (up to 392 computing nodes per 42U rack) or 28 nodes per 3U with up to 16 cores and integrated 10GbE per node. MBI-6118G-T41X/-T81X – 28 Intel® Xeon® Processor D-1541/D-1581 product family nodes per 6U (up to 196 computing nodes per 42U rack) or 14 nodes per 3U with 8 cores and integrated 2x 10GbE. MBI-6219G-T7LX/-T8HX – 56 Intel® Xeon® Processor E3-1578L v5/E3-1585 v5 product family nodes per 6U (up to 392 computing nodes per 42U rack) or 28 nodes per 3U with Intel® Iris™ Pro Graphics P580 and integrated 10GbE per node. MBI-6119G-T41X/-T8HX – 28 Intel® Xeon® Processor E3-1578L v5/E3-1585 v5 product family nodes per 6U (up to 196 computing nodes per 42U rack) or 14 nodes per 3U with Intel® Iris™ Pro Graphics P580 and integrated 2x 10GbE. MBI-6128R-T2/-T2X – 28 Intel® Xeon® Processor E5-2600 v4 product family DP nodes per 6U (up to 196 computing nodes per 42U rack) or 14 nodes per 3U with 1GbE and 10GbE options. For more on Supermicro MicroBlade™ solutions visit: https://www.supermicro.com/products/MicroBlade/. For more information on Supermicro’s complete range of high-performance, high-efficiency Server, Storage and Networking solutions, please visit www.supermicro.com. Follow Supermicro on Facebook and Twitter to receive their latest news and announcements. About Super Micro Computer, Inc. (NASDAQ: SMCI) Supermicro® (NASDAQ: SMCI), the leading innovator in high-performance, high-efficiency server technology is a premier provider of advanced server Building Block Solutions® for Data Center, Cloud Computing, Enterprise IT, Hadoop/Big Data, HPC and Embedded Systems worldwide. Supermicro is committed to protecting the environment through its „We Keep IT Green®” initiative and provides customers with the most energy-efficient, environmentally-friendly solutions available on the market. Supermicro, SuperBlade, MicroBlade, Building Block Solutions and We Keep IT Green are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Super Micro Computer, Inc. Intel and Xeon are trademarks or registered trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. All other brands, names and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. SMCI-A SOURCE Super Micro Computer, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, Computing, Environment, Industry, major, Markets, New Products & Services, service, Technology, Video Games, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NAPCO Announces Results for the Second Quarter Ended December 31, 2016 Next PostNext Flex Logix Qualifies Serial I/O IP From CAST And SOC Solutions For EFLX Embedded FPGA Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Science  • Technology •  Computer Industry Internet Automotive One News Page > Technology > Intel Considering Microsoft Surface Killer with Curved Display Intel Considering Microsoft Surface Killer with Curved Display Monday, 6 February 2017 (5 days ago) Intel is one of the companies that are looking into ways to build a 2-in-1 device competing against Microsoft’s Surface, and a new report indicates that the firm has already patented a new design that would be specifically aimed at challenging Redmond’s own model. A patent discovered by The Leaker indicates that Intel developed a technology that would essentially be its own version of the Surface, but with one major difference: it would feature a curved screen. While it’s not clear if Intel is targeting the Surface Pro 4 or the Surface Book laptop, what the company is aiming for is building a 2-in-1 device that would support both laptop and tablet modes. According to patent documents, the detachable keyboard would itself incorporate a battery and storage options, adding to other capabilities that are integrated into the display. At first glance, Intel is looking for something similar to the Surface B... » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: trustedreviews - 2 weeks ago< > Embed Microsoft Surface Phone | What You Need to Know 02:40 Microsoft Surface Phone: We take a look at the news and rumours around Microsoft's next generation phone. Set to launch with a host of new features, there's plenty to get excited about. Recent related news Microsoft Surface Phone 2017 To Announce This Year; Flagship With Killer Specs Launching In 2018 [Video]Microsoft Surface Phone might have similar specs as the Nokia Lumia XL. It is expected to feature a 5.5-inch screen with quad HD resolution, packing a display of... Enstarz 1 week ago - Entertainment Here's Ubuntu 16.04 LTS (Xenial Xerus) Running on Microsoft Surface Pro 4 - VideoGuess we've missed this last year, but YouTube user John Cuppi has made a demo video to showcase the Ubuntu 16.04 LTS (Xenial Xerus) operating system running on... Softpedia 2 days ago - Technology Leak suggests Samsung is going after the Surface Pro with an impressive tablet PCSamsung's TabPro S did a good job modeling itself off the Microsoft Surface Pro 4 and iPad Pro, but it was no Surface Pro killer. With no Surface Pro 5... Mashable 3 days ago - Internet Download Drivers for Sager’s New NP8155 and NP8157 Notebook ModelsSager has released the drivers required by its latest notebook additions, namely the NP8155 and NP8157 notebook models, which should provide improved... Softpedia 5 days ago - Technology Intel Linux Graphics Stack Certified for OpenGL 4.5, OpenGL ES 3.2 & Vulkan 1.0Intel's Imad Sousou proudly announced that the open-source Intel Graphics Stack for Linux is now fully certified for the latest Khronos 3D industry-defined 3D... Softpedia 3 days ago - Technology You Might Like Other recent news in Technology Here's how slowly Twitter has grown compared to FACEBOOK, Instagram, and Snapchat (TWTR) Valve Ditches Greenlight for “STEAM DIRECT” JOHN WICK Chapter 2 review: the sequel recaptures the original’s style, but with fewer surprises Between the Streams: ‘STRANGER THINGS 2’ plot leaks, Lego Batman’s glorious return, more Saturday Night Live’s first SNAPCHAT show is a watery political bit Shia LaBeouf's anti-TRUMP LIVESTREAM shut down for 'public safety' ANDROID WEAR is back in business with two new watches from LG ‘The LEGO BATMAN Movie’ review NBC: Russia 'considers' sending SNOWDEN back to US Physical VIDEO GAME releases see an increase after a five-year slump Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Current Topics Caesars Founder Mike Ilitch Avengers Infinity War Piers Morgan Dossier Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Has The LEGO Batman Movie Changed DC's Cinematic Game? Fold Up Your Glasses - 3D TV Is Dead Madonna Set To Adopt Two More Malawian Children Is Theresa May Making Fun Of Donald Trump? MOVIE REVIEW: Hidden Figures The NES Mini Has Outsold The Wii U - Time To Change The Game? MOVIE REVIEW: The LEGO Batman Movie Arnie Wants To Swap Jobs With Trump. The Donald's Not Happy About It: Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Latest News Dow 20,269 +96.97 +0.48% Nasdaq 5,734 +18.95 +0.33% S&P 500 2,316 +8.23 +0.36% 2/10 Updated Trump may be playing with fire by only getting 4 to 5 hours sleep every night 2/10 Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. 2/10 Russia considers returning Snowden to U.S. as ‘gift’ to Trump: report 2/10 Updated You’ll be smarter about money if you follow these Twitter accounts 2/10 Trump says he is considering new executive order on immigration 2/10 Updated What the average American wedding looks like -- and costs 2/10 Iranians Vilify Trump in Rally Celebrating 1979 Revolution 2/10 Updated This little-noticed phenomenon could make stock picking great again 2/10 Updated Of course actors should freely express political opinions, says actor 2/10 Updated This money-making market bubble is about to burst 2/10 Dan Loeb took new stakes in J.P. Morgan, B. of A. and dumped Allergan 2/10 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Updated Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Why iPhone Singles Pass on Dating Android Users 2/10 Updated Do Trump supporters have a breaking point? 2/10 Updated Treasury yields post a weekly decline as worries about geopolitics weigh 2/10 Trump and Japan's Abe Talk Economics and North Korea 2/10 Why more unmarried couples are buying homes and how to win an Oscar 2/10 Why people are delaying filing their taxes this year 2/10 Trump rally as much about real economy as hopes for stimulus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Major U.S. stock indexes end at record high for second straight day Home Press Release Casa Systems Demos an Industry First Virtualized Fixed Mobile Convergence Solution at CableLabs Winter Conference 2017 By Published: Feb 6, 2017 7:00 a.m. ET Share ANDOVER, Mass., Feb. 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Casa Systems, a worldwide leader in next-generation fixed, wireless and Wi-Fi access, today announced it will demonstrate a first-of-its-kind virtualized fixed mobile convergence solution that enables cable service providers to offer a full complement of robust mobile services in addition to fixed offerings to subscribers.  Cable service providers are adopting a myriad of paths to compete for mobile services. Whether activating MVNO agreements, buying licensed spectrum or employing a lightly licensed alternative, competition is increasing between cable service providers and traditional mobile network operators. At CableLabs 2017 Winter Conference, Casa Systems will introduce a virtualized fixed mobile converged solution running on Intel [®] Xeon [®] processor based server platforms that allows service providers to bolster their mobile service platform and deliver a better customer experience. This proof of concept featuring the Intel [®] Puma™ 7 SoC Gateway, will demonstrate a Wi-Fi call powered by Casa's Distributed Access Architecture (DAA) and Axyom [TM] common core software solution supporting both fixed and wireless network functions including vCCAP (fixed broadband), ePDG (Wi-Fi) and PGW (mobile) services.   "Casa Systems has a long-standing track record of capitalizing on technology inflections in the cable industry," said Jerry Guo, CEO of Casa Systems. "This proof of concept furthers our ultra-broadband vision to deliver a full suite of network core solutions and technologies that allow our customers to meet market demands today and in the future." Casa's ultra broadband Axyom software framework leverages fixed infrastructure for mobile services and delivers competitive Wi-Fi first services. It is built to deliver optimal performance and flexible deployment of core and edge access functions that free service providers from access dependencies. Based on open source technology, the Axyom solution provides versatility to accommodate deployments where they make the most sense – on-premise, at the metro edge or at a centralized data center. It features a suite of virtual network functions designed to help providers simplify their access networks with a single software architecture that provides security, management simplicity and the ability to provide end users with the highest quality experience. It eliminates inherent performance trade-offs present in many of today's solutions with a common security framework that is optimized for multi-dimensional scaling. "It is exciting to see that the convergence of wireless and wireline end user access is well underway," said Dan Rodriguez, Vice President Data Center Group and General Manager of Intel's Network Platforms Group, Communications Infrastructure Division. "The migration to Intel Architecture including software-based implementations running on industry standard, high volume processors allows service providers to deliver services to their customers more flexibly and cost effectively." About Casa Systems, Inc.Casa Systems, Inc. is a leading provider of fixed, mobile and Wi-Fi network solutions for ultra-broadband services. As the original supplier of commercially deployed CCAP systems that deliver voice, video, and data over a single port, Casa continues a tradition that brings leading edge solutions to hundreds of service providers around the world. For more information, please visit us at http://www.casa-systems.com. "Intel, Puma and Xeon are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries."                 CONTACT INFORMATION: Alicia ThomasCasa Systems, Inc. 100 Old River Road Andover, Mass. 01810                                    +1.817.909.8921 Alicia.thomas@casa-systems.com                   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/casa-systems-demos-an-industry-first-virtualized-fixed-mobile-convergence-solution-at-cablelabs-winter-conference-2017-300401180.html SOURCE Casa Systems Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. Amazon.com takes aim at Victoria’s Secret with its own $10 bras Beastly Nvidia earnings beaten by burden of high expectations Marijuana tax revenue hit $200 million in Colorado as sales pass $1 billion MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Big Data Analytics Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Intel drones duet with Lady Gaga at Super Bowl 2017 1Shares 0 0 0 0 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Driverless car insurance plans unveiled by UK government AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance BT sides with Google in EU Android antitrust case AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Fitbit faces criminal investigation into alleged Jawbone trade secrets theft Facebook loses $500m Oculus virtual reality lawsuit 3D Printing Explained Industrial IoT Explained AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Driverless car insurance plans unveiled by UK government AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Will biometric scanning soon revolutionise Britain’s railways? DeepMind games test AI aggression and cooperation behaviours Intel open sources deep learning with BigDL for Apache Spark AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI Rackspace announces US layoffs just three months after $4.3bn buyout Cisco connects with Microsoft Azure to offer hybrid cloud SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI Cisco connects with Microsoft Azure to offer hybrid cloud AWS is bigger than Microsoft, Google & IBM combined SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI Cisco connects with Microsoft Azure to offer hybrid cloud AWS is bigger than Microsoft, Google & IBM combined UK cloud provider Timico raises £50m Cisco connects with Microsoft Azure to offer hybrid cloud Microsoft adds patent protection for Azure cloud customers Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business WordPress security weak spot lets hackers infiltrate and vandalise Verizon Data Breach Digest: How to protect your business from Fraud, Doxxing & Insider Threats Ransomware: #1 business cyber security threat or media hype? Verizon Data Breach Digest: How to protect your business from Fraud, Doxxing & Insider Threats Ransomware: #1 business cyber security threat or media hype? Why the NHS must act now against cyber criminals WordPress security weak spot lets hackers infiltrate and vandalise Verizon Data Breach Digest: How to protect your business from Fraud, Doxxing & Insider Threats Ransomware: #1 business cyber security threat or media hype? Verizon Data Breach Digest: How to protect your business from Fraud, Doxxing & Insider Threats Ransomware: #1 business cyber security threat or media hype? AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Industrial IoT Explained Cisco: By 2021 more people will have smartphones than running water Intel drones duet with Lady Gaga at Super Bowl 2017 Cisco: By 2021 more people will have smartphones than running water South Korea bolsters battery safety standards following Samsung Galaxy Note fires Virgin Money readies for London Marathon with Worldpay payment platform People are your greatest social media assets – but human error is unpredictable Uber patents feature for mining riders’ social media data Snap Inc finally files for IPO and pledges $2 billion to Google Cloud Nokia to buy Comptel for €347m to create standalone software company Industrial IoT Explained BlackBerry enters cloud comms market with ‘most-secure’ BBM enterpise messaging service CES 2017: Intel debuts 7th-gen Kaby Lake chips for desktop How to follow CES 2017: From Twitter to Live Streams – don’t miss any CES news Japanese tech giants hit with €166m laptop and phone battery cartel fine Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Container secrets secured in Docker DataCentre update UK’s biggest data centre raises £33m in funding When two become one: Dell EMC sets its spirit free because it’s the only way to be Stockholm city to offer sustainable data centre services with new hub 15 of the worst companies for renewable energy – Greenpeace report Greenpeace calls out AWS on renewable energy targets Stockholm city to offer sustainable data centre services with new hub Google opens €600 green data centre in the Netherlands IBM joins zero outage association to help end IT downtime for good Juniper looks to unite cloud for the data centre When two become one: Dell EMC sets its spirit free because it’s the only way to be HPE, Schneider Electric partner on micro data centres Big Data Analytics SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI How technology is disrupting the Super Bowl, RBS 6 Nations rugby & the Premier League Making Your Data Add Up in 2017 Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation UK government’s digital transformation strategy puts vendors on alert Major GitLab backup failure wipes 300GB of data HPE finally stops selling to buy SimpliVity – but what does the hyperconverged acquisition mean? Nokia to buy Comptel for €347m to create standalone software company SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI Salesforce adopts ‘Eat, Sleep, STEM, Repeat’ mantra as girls shy away from ‘male’ tech careers UK government’s digital transformation strategy puts vendors on alert Major GitLab backup failure wipes 300GB of data Cloud and cognitive computing fails to save IBM from 19th quarter of declining revenue Container secrets secured in Docker DataCentre update Nvidia to power industry supercomputers with new Quadro products Anonymous-linked hacker takes down 20% of Dark Web Container secrets secured in Docker DataCentre update UK government’s digital transformation strategy puts vendors on alert Will biometric scanning soon revolutionise Britain’s railways? IBM boosts cyber security with startup buyout Inside Silicon Valley Startup Bromium: Using Virtual Machines to Escape Endpoint Prohibition DevOps Decoded – Gaining a competitive edge with speed, productivity and security Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers South Korea bolsters battery safety standards following Samsung Galaxy Note fires Huawei and Oracle sign ‘Power IoT Ecosystem Partnership’ MobilityDevices Back to Home Intel drones duet with Lady Gaga at Super Bowl 2017 Increase / Decrease text size Byomakesh Biswal 6th February 2017 1 1Shares 0 0 0 0 Add to favorites The move marked the first-ever drone integration during a televised event and a Super Bowl. Three hundred Intel Shooting Star drones performed a choreographed aerial show during the Super Bowl Halftime Show, dancing behind Lady Gaga. The sequence, which was pre-recorded, was the first time the devices were used to complement an entertainment act at an event of this scale. One computer and a drone pilot controlled all 300 drones. The US Federal Aviation Administration granted special permission for the fleet to fly up to 700 feet. Intel also secured an additional special waiver to fly the drones in the restrictive class B airspace. The software and animation interface on the Intel Shooting Star drone system enables to create a light show in several days or weeks based on the animation complexity. Intel said its algorithms automate the animation creation process by using a reference image, rapidly calculating the required number of drones, identifying the place of drones, and formulating the fastest path to create the image in the sky. READ NOW: How technology is disrupting the Super Bowl, RBS 6 Nations rugby & the Premier League Intel new technology group senior vice president and general manager Josh Walden said: “Lady Gaga and the Super Bowl creative team wanted to pull off something that had never been done before and we were able to combine Intel drone innovation with her artistry to pull off a truly unique experience. “The potential for these light show drones is endless and we hope this experience inspires other creatives, artists and innovators to really think about how they can incorporate drone technology in new ways that have yet to even be thought of.” After the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show, a 10-second ad showcased the drones forming a Pepsi logo that morphed into an Intel logo. The Intel Shooting Star drones are a new type of unmanned aerial vehicle, specifically designed for entertainment purposes like festivals and entertainment events. The purpose-built quadcopter drone is equipped with LED lights that can create more than 4 billion color combinations and easily be programmed for any animation. Tags Drones Homepage News List Super Bowl Previous ArticleAnonymous-linked hacker takes down 20% of Dark Web Next ArticleHuawei and Oracle sign 'Power IoT Ecosystem Partnership' Most read UK cloud wars intensify as Microsoft lowers prices & releases Azure data centre services Hannah Williams 7th February 2017 Driverless cars: A new way of life and a new cybersecurity challenge Ellie Burns 2nd February 2017 Liverpool launches digital currency based on Blockchain technology Tom Ball 2nd February 2017 Can machine learning help secure smart homes? Joe Clark 1st February 2017 Nearly 30,000 MongoDB servers held captive in ransomware attacks – and ElasticSearch is just as bad Ellie Burns 31st January 2017 Cisco, BNY Mellon and other Fortune 500 firms team up with startups on IoT blockchain Consortium Byomakesh Biswal 30th January 2017 Smart cars and penguins: more alike than you’d think Joe Clark 30th January 2017 Latest White Papers How Intel IT’s Integrated Analytics Platform Helps Sales and Marketing By Intel HPE Security Research – Cyber Risk Report 2016 By HPE Le stockage de demain By Kaminario Editor’s Pick The CIO’s Dilemma Ellie Burns 8th February 2017 IBM wins cloud price race to zero James Nunns 8th February 2017 Why context is crucial in cybersecurity investigations James Nunns 7th February 2017 Cisco: By 2021 more people will have smartphones than running water Joe Clark 7th February 2017 Blockchain to hit mainstream banking by 2020 Tom Ball 7th February 2017 Related News Industrial IoT Explained Ellie Burns 9th February 2017 Cisco: By 2021 more people will have smartphones than running water Joe Clark 7th February 2017 Mobile South Korea bolsters battery safety standards following Samsung Galaxy Note fires Joe Clark 6th February 2017 Latest in 4th Revolution 4th Revolution Digital Catapult launches programme for virtual, mixed and augmented reality startups Ellie Burns 9th February 2017 4th Revolution Transforming your business with deep learning Ellie Burns 6th February 2017 4th Revolution Driverless cars: A new way of life and a new cybersecurity challenge Ellie Burns 2nd February 2017 Latest in Analysis Markets The CIO’s Dilemma Ellie Burns 8th February 2017 Cloud growth clears away the January gloom for tech giants reveling in revenue growth James Nunns 27th January 2017 Smart City: the next step or privacy threat? Joe Clark 25th January 2017 What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers © 2016 COMPUTER BUSINESS REVIEW. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Favourites Favorite list is empty.Clear favorites Your favorite posts saved to your browsers cookies. If you clear cookies also favorite posts will be deleted. Latest News on CBR WordPress security weak spot lets hackers infiltrate and vandalise 16 hours ago DeepMind games test AI aggression and cooperation behaviours 17 hours ago UK cloud provider Timico raises £50m 17 hours ago Driverless car insurance plans unveiled by UK government 17 hours ago Container secrets secured in Docker DataCentre update 17 hours ago 3D Printing Explained 17 hours ago Verizon Data Breach Digest: How to protect your business from Fraud, Doxxing & Insider Threats 19 hours ago Women in tech role models hit Park Lane for 2017 FDM everywoman in Technology Awards 20 hours ago Ransomware: #1 business cyber security threat or media hype? 21 hours ago Nokia to buy Comptel for €347m to create standalone software company 21 hours ago SAP puts a fresh face on S/4 HANA Cloud with analytics & AI 23 hours ago “We’re a big believer in the UK” – Tim Cook gives Brexit vote of confidence 1 day ago Rackspace announces US layoffs just three months after $4.3bn buyout 2 days ago Accenture tackles key blockchain security risks with hardware 2 days ago Salesforce adopts ‘Eat, Sleep, STEM, Repeat’ mantra as girls shy away from ‘male’ tech careers 2 days ago UK’s biggest data centre raises £33m in funding 2 days ago
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Microsoft FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Anti-Keylogger Premium      30% OFF! Intel Considering Microsoft Surface Killer with Curved Display GO Patent hints at future device manufactured by Intel Feb 6, 2017 12:30 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  Intel is one of the companies that are looking into ways to build a 2-in-1 device competing against Microsoft’s Surface, and a new report indicates that the firm has already patented a new design that would be specifically aimed at challenging Redmond’s own model. A patent discovered by The Leaker indicates that Intel developed a technology that would essentially be its own version of the Surface, but with one major difference: it would feature a curved screen. While it’s not clear if Intel is targeting the Surface Pro 4 or the Surface Book laptop, what the company is aiming for is building a 2-in-1 device that would support both laptop and tablet modes. According to patent documents, the detachable keyboard would itself incorporate a battery and storage options, adding to other capabilities that are integrated into the display. At first glance, Intel is looking for something similar to the Surface Book, as it wants the screen to be used independently, but the keyboard to also come with extra hardware for laptop mode. Two different batteries There could be two different batteries, one in the base (keyboard) and another one in the screen, with the latter to also come with a dedicated low-power mode that would be specifically aimed at optimizing battery life and giving more autonomy when the keyboard is detached. At first glance, this project sounds doable, and it’s believed that Intel would launch it when its eight-generation of Core processors see daylight, which means that it has big chances to go live sometime this year. Of course, since it’s just a patent for the time being, it’s hard to tell if Intel does want to push it to production or it’s just exploring some ideas, but for the moment, it’s just another proof that Microsoft’s 2-in-1 concept is becoming more appealing for companies across the world. On the other hand, Intel is clearly trying to bring something new with the curved display, although by the time the company introduces this model, some other OEMs could bring such screens to the market as well. #Microsoft#Surface#Intel#Surface Book#Surface Pro 4 subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Microsoft’s $15 DVD Player App Now Listed as Top Windows 10 App in the Store Windows 10 Cloud Will Support Upgrades to Windows 10 Pro Windows 10 Cloud ISOs Leaked Dev Abandons Windows Because “Microsoft Has No Strategy for Windows Phone” Apple iPhone 8 Will Reportedly Feature An Iris Scanner Let’s Chat: Windows vs. Linux Windows Close to Defeating Linux: Munich Could Give Up on LiMux Samsung Galaxy S8’s Bixby To Be Based on S Voice, Not Viv Labs’ AI Tech Microsoft Brings Windows 10 Mobile’s File Explorer on Xbox One Microsoft Teases New Windows 10 Security Announcements Apple iPhone 8 Will Reportedly Feature An Iris Scanner Let’s Chat: Windows vs. Linux    Microsoft's Surface could get a new rival soon New Apps Portable PeaUtils: A collection of file management tools that comprises checksum and hash tools, file and folder analysis, a file splitter and joiner, hex data preview, and more Jihosoft iTunes Backup Unlocker: Uncover the password of your encrypted iTunes backup using multiple cracking methods, with this novice-friendly piece of software ProgDVB Professional: Watch TV channels from around the world, listen to radio station from the comfort of your computer, and record your favorite shows to watch them later eBook Converter Bundle: Batch convert your ePub or DRM PDFs to other formats with this lightweight software solution that provides ease of use and support for Kindle, NOOK, Kobo file formats Portable Alternate Archiver: Manage multiple files in a folder by organizing them into sub-directories, with the help of this lightweight and easy to handle utility ReaConverter Lite: Batch convert image files, add watermarks, edit photos and save them to a selected output format with this intuitive application xrecode III Portable: Converts audio files with ease and at high speed, supporting various input formats and providing a user-friendly working environment Reader comments Apple No Longer World’s Most Valuable Brand, Microsoft Very Close Behind more on: Microsoft i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop Good Gear Guide > News > Intel packs a tablet chip from yesteryear inside N... Intel packs a tablet chip from yesteryear inside New Balance's new RunIQ smartwatch New Balance's Atom-powered smartwatch offers less battery life than some of its competition, however. Mark Hachman (PC World (US online)) on 06 February, 2017 23:00 0 - - - - print email You’re probably aware that the chip inside your smartphone contains more computing horsepower than the systems that helped launch a man to the Moon. Intel’s taken that in a slightly different direction: An Atom chip formerly used in smartphones and tablets now drives New Balance’s latest RunIQ smartwatch. Jerry Bautista, vice president and general manager of the New Business Group within Intel, said that the New Balance RunIQ fitness watch, which began shipping last week, contains a “Cloverdale Peak” chip inside of it. Specifically, that chip is part of the Z34XX family, Bautista said, which powered tablets and Intel’s smartphone efforts in 2014. “Powered” is the right word. Intel claimed that the original Z34XX family for tablets and smartphones had enough horsepower to run Asphalt 8, a fairly sophisticated 3D driving game for Android, iOS, and Windows phones. If the RunIQ ran the full Android OS rather than just the more limited Android Wear, you might be able to play some pretty hardcore games on a smartwatch. Why this matters: Intel has rapidly diversified beyond just a PC company, as chief executive Brian Krzanich likes to remind us at public events. A year or so ago, Intel was making waves with partnerships with Luxottica, Fossil, and Opening Ceremony for a number of stylish, smart devices. What’s interesting is that those devices were often powered by Intel’s Curie or Quark, small low-power edge processors Intel designed as the engines of the Internet of Things. New Balance went a different route, opting for Atom’s more powerful legacy and possibly trading off some battery life in return. Will Atom show up in other wearables, too? Gameloft A scene from Gameloft’s Asphalt 8 for Android. RunIQ: a rugged, waterproof fitness watch New Balance’s RunIQ doesn’t necessarily look like a former smartphone chip is hiding inside of it, though the $299 fitness watch is decidedly chunky. Intel and New Balance ruggedized and waterproofed the watch to 5 atmospheres. Its battery life is rated at 24 hours, though just 5 with GPS tracking and its real-time optical heart-rate feature turned on. That’s considerably less than what smartwatches like the Garmin Vivoactive line offer, however—or even the Basis Peak, which Intel began manufacturing in 2014, later recalling it after a sensor problem. Otherwise, the RunIQ watch can store your music with 4GB of onboard flash storage, then stream it wirelessly via Bluetooth. It can’t make calls, though it will display messages from a synced Android phone.   Behind its color AMOLED display, however, hides a surprisingly powerful Atom processor. According to Bautista, Intel repurposed and repackaged the Cloverdale Peak chip for RunIQ. The company isn’t disclosing the exact specifications of the chip, though the related Z3480 gives some idea: the Z3480 is a dual-core, dual-threaded chip, running at a whopping 2.13GHz.   “It’s a very, very capable platform,” Bautista said of the Cloverdale Peak chip. “Android is very, very snappy on this device. There’s no delay. It’s a very good experience.” Bautista said Cloverdale Peak was a legacy of Intel’s efforts in the smartphone business, which struggled without an integrated cellular radio. In 2016, Intel drastically cut its Atom line, essentially exiting the smartphone business.  So how in the world did Intel shoehorn a smartphone chip into a smartwatch? “Well, the good thing is that we do have very deep packaging expertise,” Bautista said. “So for us, to take a piece of silicon, repackage it, move the I/O differently...is just something that we can do. And it gives more life to a product that is quite fine. Performance is great per watt. So why not? Why not just use that?” Though Intel has seemingly prioritized Curie and Quark in recent years, Bautista said that Intel will pursue a hybrid strategy, repurposing older silicon like the Atom where it makes sense. Sometime, though, that’s not good enough. “In a number of cases, you do have to build purpose-built silicon from the ground up,” he said. We’re Hooked on Our Devices, But Can We Handle the Eye Strain? More from Essilor Australia Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags intel Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Mark Hachman PC World (US online) Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Essentials Samsung portable 1TB T3 drive Learn more > Linksys AC5400 MU-MIMO Gigabit router Learn more > Everki ContemPRO Roll Top Laptop Backpack Learn more > Smart LED Bulb LB130 Learn more > UE Boom 2 Bluetooth speaker Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive Learn more > Microsoft L5V-00027 Sculpt Ergonomic Keyboard Desktop Learn more > Epson EcoTank Expression ET-2500 Learn more > Mobile Logitech G403 Prodigy mouse Learn more > 3SIXT Ultra HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Huawei Mate 9 Learn more > Belkin MIXIT Metallic Lightning to USB Cable Learn more > Surface Book Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S45 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Google Daydream VR headset Learn more > Lexar® Portable SSD  Learn more > Acer Swift 7 Learn more > Exec Audio-Technica ATH-ANC70 Noise Cancelling Headphones Learn more > Blade 28 backpack by Arc’teryx Learn more > Dell Inspiron 5000 series 2-in-1 Learn more > Dell XPS 13 laptop Learn more > Garmin Fenix Chronos smartwatch Learn more > HD Pan/Tilt Wi-Fi Camera with Night Vision NC450 Learn more > Surface Pro 4 Learn more > Dell P2715Q Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1800x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards  Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20c USB Type-C flash drive  Learn more > HP Pavilion x360 13” Learn more > Budget Oppo R9s Learn more > Boost Mobile SIM Learn more > Smart Wi-Fi Plug HS110 Learn more > Jabra Sport Pace earbuds Learn more > Lifeproof Fre phone case Learn more > Evapolar USB air conditioner review Learn more > Canon EOS 1300d Learn more > Samsung 960 EVO M.2 hard drive Learn more > Back To Business Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Star Wars Death Star Bluetooth levitating rotating speaker review 2 ​Finally! LG OLED TV 2016 range review 3 ​Fetch TV Mighty review: Better than Foxtel 4 ​Fetch TV Mini review: Make your TV a smart TV 5 ​Panasonic Viera DX900U UHD 4K smart TV review Latest News Articles Valve finally replaces the faulty Steam Greenlight system with Steam Direct PCWorld's February Digital Edition: Intel's Kaby Lake CPU Hands-on: EVGA's sensor-laden iCX technology revolutionizes graphics card cooling How to join the Office Insider program on any platform How to enable WhatsApp's two-step verification Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Michael Hargreaves Dell XPS 13 I’d happily recommend this touchscreen laptop and Windows 10 as a great way to get serious work done at a desk or on the road. Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content The top 10 best and worst tech gadgets and products of 2016 ​Best phone of the year 2016 TV of the year award 2016 Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTDynamics AX Functional Consultant (Supply Chain Modules)ACT CCSenior Drupal DeveloperNSW TPSolution Architect - IntegrationQLD TPProject SchedulerVIC CCProject ManagerSA CCTest Capability LeadNSW CCSenior Infrastructure EngineerNSW TPSoftware EngineerWA TPJunior Project ManagerVIC TPMobile DeveloperWA CCIT Procurement OfficerNSW FTData AnalystQLD FTSystems AnalystSA CCData Analyst - AutoHaulWA FTSAGE X3 Functional ConsultantVIC CCInfrastructure Project ManagerQLD CCChange ManagerNSW FTHead of ApplicationsVIC FTSAP Business Objects ConsultantACT FTEnterprise Account ManagerACT FTTechnical Consultant MS Dynamics AXNSW FTProject Delivery Manager | PortfolioQLD FTInside Sales ConsultantNSW CCProject ManagerSA CCInformation / Data Quality AnalystNSW Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles Muru-D takes on 'more mature' start-ups with new funding model computerworld.com.au Privacy groups claim FBI hacking operation went too far cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au Banking and securities’ IT spend to hit $14.8B in Australia arnnet.com.au Best Super Bowl ads were humorous, finds facial tracking research cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Search the TechTarget Network Join CW+ Login Register Cookies News In Depth Blogs Opinion Videos Photo Stories Premium Content RSS IT Management IT leadership & CW500 IT architecture IT efficiency Governance Innovation Legislation & regulation Operations & support Project management Strategy Supplier management Business issues Sponsored Communities Industry Sectors Healthcare IT Charity IT Business services IT Financial services IT Government & public sector IT Leisure & hospitality IT Manufacturing IT Media & entertainment IT Retail IT SME IT Telecoms & internet Transport & travel IT Utilities IT IT suppliers Technology Topics Datacentre View All Clustering for high availability and HPC Datacentre backup power and power distribution Datacentre capacity planning Datacentre cooling infrastructure Disaster recovery/security Green IT Performance, monitoring and optimisation Systems management IaaS Server and Operating Systems PaaS Virtualisation SaaS Desktop virtualisation platforms Enterprise software View All AI and automation Business applications Business intelligence Cloud applications Collaboration CRM Database ERP Financial applications HR software Middleware Windows Mobile Open source Operating systems SOA Software development Software licensing Virtualisation Web software IT in Europe and Middle East View All IT in Germany IT in Italy IT in Poland IT in Russia IT in Spain IT in the Middle East IT in The Netherlands IT in Turkey IT in France IT in the Nordics Information Management View All Big data Business intelligence and analytics BPM Content management Quality/governance Data warehousing Database management MDM/Integration IT in Asia-Pacific View All IT in ASEAN IT in Australia & New Zealand Internet View All Cloud E-commerce Internet infrastructure Social media Web development IT skills View All Training Jobs Management skills Technical skills Hardware View All Chips & processors Printers Storage Data centre Mobile Networking PC Servers IT security View All Antivirus Secure Coding and Application Programming Continuity Cloud security Data Breach Incident Management and Recovery Endpoint and NAC Protection Cybercrime IAM Risk management Network Security Management Data protection Compliance Regulation and Standard Requirements Security policy and user awareness Web Application Security IT services View All Cloud Consultancy Outsourcing Hosting Offshore Startups Mobile View All Laptop Mobile software Mobile networking Smartphone Tablet Networking View All Datacentre networking Internet of Things Mobile Network hardware Network monitoring and analysis Network routing and switching Network security strategy Network software Software-defined networking Telecoms networks and broadband communications Unified communications VoIP WAN performance and optimisation Wireless Storage View All Cloud storage Compliance and storage Backup Disaster recovery Flash and SSDs Hyper-convergence Disk systems Software-defined storage Storage switches Storage management Virtualisation and storage Please select a category Datacentre Enterprise software IT in Europe and Middle East Information Management IT in Asia-Pacific Internet IT skills Hardware IT security IT services Mobile Networking Storage adam121 - Fotolia Moore’s Law is running out – but don’t panic Daniel Robinson Can system performance continue to improve to cope with the burgeoning needs of datacentres This Article Covers Server and Operating Systems RELATED TOPICS Clustering for high availability and HPC Datacentre backup power and power distribution Datacentre capacity planning Datacentre cooling infrastructure Disaster recovery/security Green IT In this Article Share this item with your network: Related Content IBM squeezes more out of chip technology with 7nm ... – ComputerWeekly Intel sets out chip roadmap and shows off first 32nm ... – ComputerWeekly Intel unveils 16 new ‘green’ processors – ComputerWeekly Latest News Ordinary citizens with no terror links caught by US surveillance, court hears. FDM Everywoman in Tech: 2017 winners announced MWC 2017: 4G still has plenty of mileage, say mobile analysts View All News Latest Blog Posts Government digital strategy ticks the boxes - but real transformation needs more radical ambition – Computer Weekly Editors Blog TIBCO revs up motorcycle API – CW Developer Network View All Blogs Download Computer Weekly In The Current Issue: Moore’s Law is running out – but don’t panic How serverless computing could help enterprises cut cloud complexity Open source cloud community condemns President Trump immigration ban Download Current Issue This article can also be found in the Premium Editorial Download: Computer Weekly: Compute power pushes boundaries: Download Intel kicked off CES 2017 in Las Vegas with the declaration that Moore’s Law is still relevant as it slated its first 10nm (nanometre) processor chips for release later this year. Download this free guide Defining the datacentre needs of 21st century enterprises A collection of our most popular articles on datacentre management, including: Cloud vs. Colocation: Why both make sense for the enterprise right now; AWS at 10: How the cloud giant shook up enterprise IT and Life on the edge: The benefits of using micro datacenters Start Download Corporate E-mail Address: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. Despite this, engineers are facing real issues in how to continue to push system performance to cope with the growing demands of new and emerging datacentre workloads. This isn’t the first time the end of Moore’s Law has been proclaimed, but Intel and other chip makers have so far found new tricks for shrinking transistors to meet the goal of doubling density every two years, with a knock-on boost for compute performance. Intel chief executive Brian Krzanich said at CES: “I’ve been in this industry for 34 years and I’ve heard the death of Moore’s Law more times than anything else in my career. And I’m here today to really show you and tell you that Moore’s Law is alive and well and flourishing. I believe Moore’s Law will be alive well beyond my career, alive and well and kicking.” Approaching physical limits Yet the pace is slowing as Intel works at developing 7nm and 5nm technologies to follow on from 10nm. The introduction of 10nm itself has already been delayed by a year because of difficulties with the manufacturing process, and these difficulties are likely to increase as the size approaches physical limits on how small the on-chip circuitry can be made. Read more about next generation datacentres More and more businesses are adopting a hybrid cloud strategy for their datacentre needs. Computer Weekly looks at what’s on offer. HPE has developed a concept computing architecture which it says will power future generations of applications. We find out how it will change IT. “I can’t see them getting much beyond 5nm, and Moore’s Law will then run out because we will have reached the end of the silicon era,” says Ovum principal analyst Roy Illsley. Some industry observers think this will happen in the next 10 years or so. As to what will ultimately replace silicon, such as optical processing or quantum computing, there appears no consensus so far. However, this does not mean that compute power will cease to expand, as both hardware and software in the datacentre have evolved since the days of single-chip servers and monolithic applications. “The way apps are written has changed,” says Illsley. “They are now distributed and scalable, so Moore’s Law is a rather pointless metric for what a computer can do, anyway.” In fact, the industry hit a similar crisis some time ago, when Intel discovered that its single-core chips simply overheated when ever-increasing clock speeds started to approach 4GHz. The solution then was to change tack and deliver greater processing power by using the extra transistors to put multiple processor cores onto the same chip, and comparable architectural shifts will enable the industry to continue to boost processing power. Such an approach can be seen in the growing interest in complementing conventional central processing units (CPUs) with specialised accelerators that may be better suited to handling specific tasks or workloads. A good example of this is the graphics processing unit (GPU), which has long been used to accelerate 3D graphics, but which has also found its way into high-performance compute (HPC) clusters thanks to the massively parallel architecture of a GPU which makes it excellent for performing complex calculations on large datasets. In 2016, Nvidia launched its DGX-1 server, which sports eight of its latest Tesla GPUs with 16GB memory apiece and is aimed at applications involving deep learning and artificial intelligence (AI) accelerated analytics. “Nvidia’s system can do what would have taken a whole datacentre of servers a few years ago, at a pretty competitive price,” says Illsley. Another example is the field programmable gate array (FPGA), which is essentially a chip full of logic blocks that can be configured to perform specific functions. It provides a hardware circuit that can perform those functions much faster than can be done in software, but which can be reconfigured under software control, if necessary. One notable adopter of FPGAs is Microsoft, which uses the technology in its Azure datacentre servers to speed up Bing searches and accelerate software-defined networking (SDN). Intel is also working on integrating FPGA circuitry into some of its Xeon server chips, which could lead to broader adoption. In 2016, the firm showed off a Xeon coupled with a discrete FPGA inside a chip package, but its goal is to get both onto a single piece of silicon. Meanwhile, Intel prefers to push its Xeon Phi platform rather than GPU acceleration for demanding workloads. These “many integrated core” chips combine a large number of CPU cores (up to 72 in the latest Knights Landing silicon) which are essentially x86 cores with 512-bit vector processing extensions, so they can run much of the same code as a standard Intel processor. However, one issue with having so many cores on one chip is getting access to data in system memory for all those cores. Intel has addressed this by integrating 16GB of high-speed memory inside each Xeon Phi chip package, close to the CPU cores. The Machine HPE has shown a different approach with The Machine, its experimental prototype for a next-generation architecture. This has been described as memory-driven computing, and is based around the notion of a massive, global memory pool that is shared between all the processors in a system, enabling large datasets to be processed in memory. A working version, demonstrated at HPE Discover in December 2016, saw each processor directly controlling eight dual inline memory modules (DIMMs) as a local memory pool, with a much larger global pool of memory comprising clusters of eight DIMMs connected via a memory fabric interface that also links to the processors. In the demo, all the memory was standard DRAM, but HPE intended The Machine to have a non-volatile global memory pool. In fact, focusing on processors overlooks the fact that memory and storage are a bigger brake on performance, as even flash-based storage takes several microseconds to read a block of data, during which time the processor may execute millions of instructions. So anything that can speed memory and storage access will deliver a welcome boost to system performance, and a number of technologies are being developed, such as Intel and Micron’s 3D XPoint or IBM’s Phase-Change Memory, which promise to be faster than flash memory, although their cost is likely to see them used at first as a cache for a larger pool of slower storage. These are being developed alongside new I/O interfaces that aim to make it quicker and easier to move data between memory and the processor or accelerator. Examples include Nvidia’s NVLink 2.0 for accelerators and the Gen-Z standard that aims to deliver a high-speed fabric for connecting both memory and new “storage-class” memory technologies. Specific workloads One thing Illsley thinks we may see in the future is systems that are optimised for specific workloads. Currently, virtually all computers are general-purpose designs that perform different tasks by running the appropriate software. But some tasks may call for a more specialised application-specific architecture to deliver the required performance, especially if AI approaches such as deep learning become more prevalent. Moore’s Law, which started out as an observation and prediction on the exponential growth of transistors in integrated circuits by Intel founder Gordon Moore, has lasted five decades. We may be reaching the point where it no longer holds true for silicon chips, but whatever happens, engineers will ensure that compute power continues to expand to meet the demands thrown at it. This was last published in February 2017 CW+ Features Enjoy the benefits of CW+ membership, learn more and join. E-Zine CW Benelux: Is there a Dutch digital delusion? E-Handbook Focus: Hybrid cloud E-Handbook Converged infrastructure: Essential guide Read more on Managing servers and operating systems All News In Depth Opinion Videos How serverless computing could help enterprises cut cloud complexity Moore’s Law is running out – but don’t panic How serverless computing could help enterprises cut cloud complexity Sensible one-page thoughts on managing performance Load More View All VMware banks on competitive collaboration to succeed in multi-cloud era Web host opts for Nutanix hyper-converged after supplier nightmares Vue Entertainment uses Rackspace to manage online demand for blockbuster movie tickets HumanOps calls for improved working conditions for infrastructure operations staff Load More View All News Case study: Open University uses Microsoft Azure to create course content clearance hub Spring cleaning your datacentre How to move data and applications in the cloud Bombay Stock Exchange’s server consolidation journey Load More View All In Depth How serverless computing could help enterprises cut cloud complexity Sale, spin-off or stay put? What should EMC do next? View All Opinion Video: How Amadeus runs its global operations View All Videos Start the conversation 0 comments Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources CIO Security Networking Data Center Data Management SearchCIO Dunkin’ pins growth on digital tech Dunkin' celebrates progress on digital initiatives, but using digital tech to deliver customer value is no slam dunk, says ... Information technology adoption: CIO Ted Ross discusses LA's strategy Ted Ross, Los Angeles CIO, discusses enterprise technology refresh against the backdrop of developments such as Windows Server ... Data transparency is the lifeblood of new information economy Many companies have invested in the analytics infrastructure that helps turn data into a business asset. Now what? Gartner's ... SearchSecurity Trump tells White House cybersecurity officer, 'You're fired' Rumors have been confirmed that President Trump has fired the White House cybersecurity officer in charge of making sure he and ... Risk & Repeat: RSA Conference 2017 predictions and expectations In this episode of SearchSecurity's Risk & Repeat podcast, editors discuss their plans, expectations and predictions for RSA ... Corero: Telecom carriers have fallen behind on DDoS defense Corero Network Security's Dave Larson talks with SearchSecurity about how DDoS defense has changed and why telecom service ... SearchNetworking Cisco joins Microsoft in providing Azure Stack services in UCS server Cisco and Microsoft have worked together in delivering Azure Stack services through Cisco's UCS server. The new product ships in ... An Avaya networking sale may prove challenging This week, bloggers look into challenges facing an Avaya networking sale, ZeroStack's launch of automated infrastructure, and ... Exploring availability monitoring tools for larger networks The leading enterprise network monitoring tools offer a variety of features, licensing, support and maintenance options designed ... SearchDataCenter Lessons learned from data center outages, but still a long trip ahead The hits keep on coming for the airline industry, with several more IT outages that have stranded angry passengers in recent ... Build a remote data replication strategy Synchronous and asynchronous remote replication provide different options for IT. Understand the differences, and the potential ... Advisory board: Learn from these top data center challenges For many, time is the ultimate teacher. Explore the top data center challenges and lessons learned from our advisory board ... SearchDataManagement A look at the leading operational database management systems The market for operational DBMS products can be confusing, especially with so many choices. But knowing your application ... Preparing data for analysis helps JTV find predictive gold Predictive models help Jewelry Television's on-air hosts sell its wares, thanks to data integration and preparation processes ... Data preparation steps increase to meet predictive analytics needs Data scientists building predictive models and machine learning algorithms often have to do more data preparation work upfront ... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Our Use of Cookies Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Archive Site Map Answers E-Products Events In Depth Guides Opinions Quizzes Photo Stories Tips Tutorials Videos All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2017, TechTarget Close

ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Movies - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go TechNow Games Tech Movies HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 Waiting Lists Six Nations 2017 US travel ban Trump presidency Brexit Whistleblower Home»Tech Now»Tech Lady Gaga halftime show featured 300 Intel drones Monday, February 06, 2017 Lady Gaga’s halftime show at last night’s Super Bowl 51 featured 300 Intel Shooting Star drones that formed the shape of the American flag. Lady Gaga’s halftime show at last night’s Super Bowl 51 featured 300 Intel Shooting Star drones that formed the shape of the American flag, as noted in an article from Engadget. Intel’s Shooting Star drones are a foot in width and weigh just eight ounces. Each drone is fitted with a special LED capable of producing four billion colour combinations, and a central computer was used to coordinate all 300 drones’ performance during the halftime show. Intel recently set a world record by flying 500 drones together (see video below). Powered by ClickOnline.com READ MORE Visit the section home page here © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section New iPhone models to feature wireless charging Nepal to create free WiFi zones on Mt. Everest 10th Anniversary iPhone could cost $1000 Sony unveils 1000fps smartphone camera sensor Breaking Stories Gardaí renew appeal for information about Aengus Shanahan, missing for 17 years Poultry farmers risk losing free-range status over bird flu 'housing order' SIPTU: Strikes may be on the way for Dublin Bus, Irish Rail and Bus Éireann USIT seeks soccer coaches for US summer camps Lifestyle Ask Audrey: My two-year-old wants to write a Valentine Card to his cousin back in Dingle The stresses of moving house with kids Why Ang Lee is unhappy with the reaction to Billy Lynn’s Long Halftime Walk Walsh sisters bring sibling revelry to the stage More From The Irish Examiner Never be in the Valentine's bad books again with this tasty bacon bouquet This T-Rex attempting to clear snow proves why you should never go outside in a blizzard Postcard delivered to West Cork from Thailand against the odds This guy risked his £1,149 laptop by putting it in a laser cutter and the results will surprise you Happy ending for Cork Airport teddy bear who missed his flight home It's a no... Dublin guy has the weirdest Tinder experience Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Valve working on 3 new VR games Paramount pulls Friday the 13th and World War Z 2 New iPhone models to feature wireless charging Lotto Results Wednesday, February 08, 2017 2 6 9 31 41 47 43 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Maurice McCabe: False sex abuse claim by Tusla destroyed my family Valerie Mulcahy: Girls should never have to choose between fitness and fitting in EXCLUSIVE: False sex allegation against McCabe circulated by Tusla following “clerical error” Dublin work syndicate claim €88.5m EuroMillions jackpot win Maurice McCabe: A host of serious questions demand to be answered Kerry garda was watching drivers for phone use Noelle Feeney obituary: ‘She had the honour of being known by one name — like many talented footballers from Brazil’ UCC warns students of legal repercussions ahead of Rag Week Maurice McCabe: Your guide to the story so far Two years jail for Cork boxer for assaults and thefts NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month BUSINESS Ryanair resurrects long-haul service concept Liffey Valley events centre denied planning permission SPORT Sadly, the time to abolish replays has arrived Even pulling in muck and dirt, it’s great to be back LIFESTYLE Product watch: Emma Stone’s Rose-mantic SAG Awards look Celebrity chefs dish up their most romantic recipes for Valentine's Day     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Macquarie Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Sky Plc (SKY) Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research International Paper Company (IP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Terra Nitrogen Company, L.P. (TNH) Plans $1.22 Quarterly Dividend ClearBridge Energy MLP Fund Inc (CEM) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 Reaves Utility Income Fund (UTG) Announces $0.16 Monthly Dividend AutoNation, Inc. (AN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Evercore ISI Reiterates Sell Rating for Autoliv, Inc. (ALV) Coeur Mining, Inc. (CDE) Stock Price Down 21.9% on Disappointing Earnings SkyWest, Inc. (SKYW) Trading Up 6.6% After Dividend Announcement Aetna Inc. (AET) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cantor Fitzgerald MB Financial Inc. (MBFI) Receives $44.60 Consensus PT from Analysts Macquarie Analysts Give ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) a €29.00 Price Target Statoil ASA (STO) Receives $15.16 Average Price Target from Brokerages Analysts Set Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (BK) Price Target at $49.30 Brokerages Set American Express Company (AXP) PT at $76.64 NewStar Financial, Inc. (NEWS) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday IPG Photonics Corporation (IPGP) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Tuesday KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS Forrester Research, Inc. (FORR) Issues FY16 Earnings Guidance Korea Investment CORP Acquires 402,824 Shares of Intel Corporation (INTC) February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Korea Investment CORP increased its position in shares of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) by 13.3% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 3,427,798 shares of the chip maker’s stock after buying an additional 402,824 shares during the period. Intel Corporation makes up about 0.7% of Korea Investment CORP’s holdings, making the stock its 25th largest position. Korea Investment CORP’s holdings in Intel Corporation were worth $129,399,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of INTC. Raymond James Trust N.A. raised its stake in Intel Corporation by 3.6% in the third quarter. Raymond James Trust N.A. now owns 214,209 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $8,086,000 after buying an additional 7,374 shares during the last quarter. Private Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in Intel Corporation by 0.4% in the third quarter. Private Asset Management Inc. now owns 448,140 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $16,917,000 after buying an additional 1,914 shares during the last quarter. Court Place Advisors LLC raised its stake in Intel Corporation by 2.1% in the third quarter. Court Place Advisors LLC now owns 128,070 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $4,835,000 after buying an additional 2,638 shares during the last quarter. Albion Financial Group UT raised its stake in Intel Corporation by 237.5% in the third quarter. Albion Financial Group UT now owns 80,767 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $3,049,000 after buying an additional 56,838 shares during the last quarter. Finally, CIBC World Markets Inc. raised its stake in Intel Corporation by 14.2% in the second quarter. CIBC World Markets Inc. now owns 532,676 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $17,472,000 after buying an additional 66,041 shares during the last quarter. 66.17% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) opened at 36.52 on Monday. The company’s 50 day moving average is $36.85 and its 200-day moving average is $35.94. Intel Corporation has a 1-year low of $27.68 and a 1-year high of $38.45. The company has a market capitalization of $172.92 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.23 and a beta of 1.03. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The chip maker reported $0.79 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.75 by $0.04. Intel Corporation had a net margin of 17.37% and a return on equity of 20.95%. The business had revenue of $16.40 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $15.75 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.74 earnings per share. Intel Corporation’s revenue for the quarter was up 10.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Intel Corporation will post $2.79 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 1st. Investors of record on Tuesday, February 7th will be given a dividend of $0.26 per share. This represents a $1.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.85%. The ex-dividend date is Friday, February 3rd. Intel Corporation’s dividend payout ratio is 49.29%. WARNING: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/06/korea-investment-corp-acquires-402824-shares-of-intel-corporation-intc.html. A number of equities research analysts recently issued reports on INTC shares. Wells Fargo & Company reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $45.00 target price on shares of Intel Corporation in a research note on Monday, October 17th. Vetr upgraded Intel Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $39.45 price objective for the company in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. Sanford C. Bernstein set a $35.00 price objective on Intel Corporation and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, October 14th. Morgan Stanley restated an “underweight” rating on shares of Intel Corporation in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets restated a “market perform” rating and set a $34.00 price objective on shares of Intel Corporation in a report on Friday, October 21st. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have given a hold rating and thirty have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $40.40. In other Intel Corporation news, EVP Venkata S. M. Renduchintala sold 17,755 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $37.13, for a total transaction of $659,243.15. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 4,247 shares in the company, valued at $157,691.11. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, EVP Diane M. Bryant sold 2,766 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $37.59, for a total transaction of $103,973.94. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 106,566 shares in the company, valued at $4,005,815.94. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 156,637 shares of company stock worth $5,732,128. 0.09% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Intel Corporation Intel Corporation is engaged in the design and manufacture of digital technology platforms. The Company’s segments include Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Software and Services (SSG) and All Other. CCG segment includes platforms designed for notebooks (including Ultrabook devices), 2 in 1 systems, desktops (including all-in-ones and personal computers (PCs)), tablets, phones, wireless and wired connectivity products, and mobile communication components. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Computer  |  News  | Intel unveils superfast 7th Gen Core processors Intel unveils superfast 7th Gen Core processors By: Gizbot Bureau Published: Wednesday, August 31, 2016, 9:00 [IST] Global chip maker Intel on Tuesday announced superfast 7th Gen Core processors that utilise a power-efficient micro-architecture, advanced process technology and silicon optimisations to deliver faster performance than previous generation processors. The new 7th Gen Intel Core processors will include Intel Core m3 processor and Core i3, i5 and i7 processors. SEE ALSO: Five Simple Steps to Set Sleep Time for Music on Android [How to] The 7th Gen Intel Core 14nm processors are designed for the immersive internet experience and are built on Skylake micro-architecture, the company said in a statement. The new processors will deliver 70 per cent faster mobile productivity, 3.5 times better 3D graphics performance and will allow for faster 4K UHD creation and watching and streaming of 4K UHD content longer. "We are excited about the strong partnership with our original equipment manufacturer (OEM) customers and expect more than 100 different 2-in-1s and laptops powered by 7th gen Intel Core to be available starting in September through the holiday season," said Navin Shenoy, Corporate Vice President and General Manager, Client Computing Group (CCG), Intel Corporation. Gamers will see a three-fold improvement in graphics with the new generation of processors and with Thunderbolt 3 support coming to more devices, gamers can use a single cord to plug in an external graphics dock and 4K UHD monitors for top-line gaming performance. SEE ALSO: 5 Android Shortcuts that Every User Should Know "We are delighted to see the advances in graphics, performance and battery life that the upcoming release of the 7th gen Intel Core will deliver," added Michael Fortin, Corporate Vice President, Windows and Devices Group Core Quality, Microsoft. Source IANS LYF Water 10 LYF Water 8 Specifications Photos Videos News Specifications Photos Videos News LYF WATER 10 BLACK 6,799 LYF Water 8 White 3GB RAM 13MP 4G VoLTE 8,349 Read More About intel | processors | computers | microsoft | news Other articles published on Aug 31, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... Tired of spam emails? Try these services to create temporary, disposable email addresses Edge Moto Mod lets you add LED light notifications to your Moto Z NVIDIA SHIELD Tablet, SHIELD Tablet K1 finally started receiving Android Nougat update Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Draft guidelines on digital payments soon, says Ravi Shankar Prasad Xiaomi releases MIUI 8 Global Beta ROM 7.2.9 update Amazon Echo with Alexa AI assistant to launch in India soon Gionee A1 and A1 Plus launch set for February 27 Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 smartphone spotted online again Moto G5 Plus live images hit the web showing metal body at its rear Kumar Mangalam Birla is likely to head the new entity BlackBerry sends out MWC 2017 press invites for February 25 BHIM app already has over 14 million registrations, says IT Minister Xiaomi builds its own Pinecone SoC; ditches Qualcomm and MediaTek Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Asus Zenfone 3S MaxIntex Aqua Amaze PlusSwipe Elite PowerVivo V5 PlusXiaomi Redmi Note 4Lava A55Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace (G532G)Lenovo P2Samsung Galaxy J1 4GXOLO Era 2XLYF Water 7SLava X19Videocon Virat V3BCAsus ZenFone Go (ZB500KL)iBall 2.4H Supremo B3 Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Computers AMD Ryzen Lineup Leaked, Goes Head to Head with Kaby Lake and Broadwell-E Chips By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on February 6 2017 07:40 PM Intel has been the processor of choice for mainstream computing for the last decade. Year after year, the company has been constant in releasing new products to supplement the market demands. However, it might be that Intel’s heyday is now numbered. Especially now that AMD Ryzen processors are on their way. According to a recent report from Coolaler, AMD has intentions of releasing as much as 17 different versions of the new Ryzen chip. In general, the lineup is divided into three major versions, eight-core, six-core and four-cores. These processors will be called SR7, SR5 and SR3, respectively. The SR7, or Summit Ridge 7 processor will be in direct competition to the Broadwell-E i7-6900K chip for Intel. Just like the i7-6900K, the SR7 will have eight cores and 16 threads. The base frequency will be 3.0 GHz while the boost will be at 3.6 GHz. This chip will be available in four other subcategories. R7 1800X MAKES ME TURN ON ???? #ryzen #AMD #Zen @AMDFX @AMD @AMDGaming pic.twitter.com/INWQIhayjV — Developer Vader. (@TahaTURGUT2) February 4, 2017 The SR5 will compete with the i5-7500K Kaby Lake processor. It will have the same base and boost frequency as the SR7 but only running with six cores and 12 threads. There will be a total of six different SR5 types in the AMD processor lineup. Finally, the SR3 processor which will go head-to-head with the rest of Intel’s lower class processors. Unlike the SR5 and SR7, the SR 3 will have a base frequency of 3.2 GHZ and a boost of 3.4 GHz. It will come in four subclasses with varying performance ratings. According to AMD CEO Lisa Su, the AMD Ryzen processor will make their appearance into the market some time in March. At the moment, the company just launched a series of AM4-socket motherboards that will compliment the processors. AMD is adamant in selling the new Ryzen chips at a much lower cost than that of Intel’s mainstream processors. AMD is hoping that this, in addition to the superb processing power, will be enough to generate much interest. It will be interesting to see how the Ryzen processors perform in the real world. Knowing that it will be cheaper than the alternative, it gives hope to budding PC enthusiasts. Furthermore, it is, perhaps, high time that Intel get a good competition to shake things up and call for considerable improvements to its product line. For more updates on the AMD Ryzen processor, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. READ ALSO: Intel Beating TSMC, Qualcomm, Mediatek, and Samsung in 7nm Race Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:AMD, AMD Ryzen, Intel Kaby Lake Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Intel Kaby Lake Processors Making Its Way Into MacBook Pro 2017 Models Another AMD Ryzen Benchmark Leak For Ashes Of The Singularity With 4GHz Turbo Clock Speed HBM2 Memory For AMD Vega 10 Graphics Cards Confirmed: To Be Released On Q1 2017 About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Final Fantasy 15 Comrades Multiplayer DLC: Character Creator Featured Teased By Square Enix Halo Wars 2 PC Physical Release Cancelled Horizon Zero Dawn Pre-order Bonus DLC Shown In New Gameplay Footage FIFA 17 TOTW 21 Lineup Officially Announced! Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Overwatch Year Of The Rooster End Date: Possible Free Loot Box And New Voice Lines Before Event Ends The Overwatch Year of The Rooster end date is this February 13. Potentially, Blizzard... Zelda Breath Of The Wild Dungeons Simpler Than Past Entries Zelda: Breath of the Wild has gone gold and the game will be available... Fire Emblem Heroes Tier List: Best Male And Female Heroes Nintendo’s Fire Emblem Heroes is now available for both iOS and Android devices. In... Capcom Stocks Fall Despite Of Successful Resident Evil 7 Launch Week The release of a much anticipated triple-A game from big developers is usually a... Marvel Vs Capcom Infinite Roster: Why Giant Characters Are Unlikely In the recent Marvel vs Capcom entries, huge characters like Sentinel and Hulk are... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon mobile gaming Ubisoft google ps4 featured Samsung Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky PC iOS facebook pokemon sun and moon Editors Pick EA playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller Pokemon Go Update iPhone 7 iPad Blizzard NBA 2k17 Game of Thrones games NBA Trade Rumors snskid About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Intel's Super Bowl aerial show: the technology behind Siddharth ChauhanFeb 6, 2017, 02.55 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit IntelImage Credit Continue reading 300 drones flying in tandem with each other to present an aerial light show behind Lady Gaga's performance, isn't just a mere spectacle. It's the technology behind that's far more impressive and advanced. Intel's Shooting Star program consists of an army of pre-programmed drones that are controlled by a set of computer programs. Intel says that it is currently capable of controlling over 10,000 drones at a given time. Intel's drones have an external shell made out of styrofoam with four propellers encased in a metal housing. The bottom of the dome has a LED light that can produce 1 out of 4 billion colours. The whole construction just fits which means there's no space for nuts and bolts. Intel has made the build fairly simple to account for the fact that a single one of these drones can be put together in 15 minutes. Intel's fleet of drones do no possess the hardware capabilities to sense other drones or prevent a collision but instead each move of every drone in action is handled by the software suites. The Super Bowl Half-time show isn't the first stint by the drone army. In fact, Intel has been working on its Shooting Star program since the last two years and have partnered with artists and researchers to make 100 drones take off in their first attempt. Thereafter, during the first official show in Disney World, Intel demonstrated its capacity to launch and control 500 drones simultaneously. Apart from being the outstanding dancers they are, Intel visualizes the Shooting Star technology on a much grander scale with the drones assisting in search and rescue operations such as during landslides or going through a collapsed structure and even analyzing an agricultural land. The ideas may be far fetched, but Intel has made something which has limitless applications. For now, let's just adore the drones half-time performance during the Super Bowl. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: SuperBowlLady GaGaIntelGadgetsdrones Follow Gizmodo onfacebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to GizmodoWrite for Us Next Story UberHIRE, the time based cab service expands to 9 Indian cities More from this author Google strikes on apps lacking privacy policy OLA loses its CFO and CMO in top brass stir Huawei Honor V9 with twin cameras to launch on February 21 Related stories Intel Is Just Daring Autonomous Drones To Rise Up And Kill Us All How to Watch Superbowl XLIX Online  Even Eagles Hate Drones Gadgets Are Not People Intel India Launches 'Digital India Challenge 2.0' Intel Compute Stick Review: Don't Buy It Editor's Pick Why Progressive Web Apps could be a threat to mobile apps ... Planning to cut the cord this summer? 10 reasons why you shouldn't bother ... Opera browser to be infused with artificial intelligence ... Hot Right Now WhatsApp is rolling out two-step verification: Here’s why you should be careful in using it Apple’s iPhone 8 will cost a bomb says noted analyst Sony's new camera sensor will decimate every smartphone camera out there Honor 6X: The ideal smartphone for your pocket Coolpad Cool 1 Dual: The imperfect performer Google Chrome’s new feature will make VR mainstream MapmyIndia’s newly launched eLoc is a simple way to share your address HMD Global not adapting flash sale model for Nokia 6 in China Google strikes on apps lacking privacy policy Oxygen 4.0.3 update rolling out for OnePlus 3 and 3T Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Trending on social Reliance and Airtel butt heads over Tariff plans once again ... U.S. tech titans lead legal brief against Trump travel ban U.S. tech titans lead legal brief against Trump travel ban ... Vivaldi vs Microsoft: The new web browser wars ... Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop LYF Flame F8 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black) ₹ 4999BUY8MP + 5MP Camera LYF Wind 7S 4G VoLTE - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 5999BUY8MP Camera, 2GB RAM Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace - 4GB (Black) ₹ 5499BUY3G, 5MP Cam UberHIRE, the time based cab service expands to 9 Indian cities Reliance and Airtel butt heads over Tariff plans once again New tech to make data transfer 10 times faster than 5G Samsung Pay in India soon BlackBerry partners with Optiemus to manufacture handsets in India Google, unlike Microsoft, must turn over foreign emails: U.S. judge Toyota, Suzuki poised to unveil partnership on Monday S.Korea to strengthen battery safety rules after Note 7 fires Technology firms to urge Trump to alter U.S. travel ban -sources 1Intel's Super Bowl aerial show: the technology behind 2UberHIRE, the time based cab service expands to 9 Indian cities 3Reliance and Airtel butt heads over Tariff plans once again 4New tech to make data transfer 10 times faster than 5G 5Samsung Pay in India soon 6BlackBerry partners with Optiemus to manufacture handsets in India 7Google, unlike Microsoft, must turn over foreign emails: U.S. judge 8Toyota, Suzuki poised to unveil partnership on Monday 9S.Korea to strengthen battery safety rules after Note 7 fires 10Technology firms to urge Trump to alter U.S. travel ban -sources About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. KitGuru The KitGuru System Home News Reviews Gaming Lifestyle Mobile Professional Forum Home / Tech News / Highlights / ASRock Z270 Extreme4 Motherboard Review ASRock Z270 Extreme4 Motherboard Review Ryan Martin 5 days ago Highlights, Motherboard, Reviews Rating: 9.0. 1. Introduction2. ASRock Z270 Extreme4: Packaging and Bundle3. ASRock Z270 Extreme4: Board Layout and Features4. ASRock Z270 Extreme4: UEFI5. ASRock Z270 Extreme4: Software6. Testing Methodology7. Tests: CPU Related8. Tests: Memory Related9. Tests: Gaming Related10. Overclocking & Power Consumption11. Tests: Motherboard Features Performance12. Closing Thoughts13. View All Pages Motherboard manufacturers have produced a comprehensive range of products for Intel’s latest-generation Z270 chipset, spanning a wide spectrum of prices. Yet it’s the mid-range Intel motherboards, like ASRock’s new Z270 Extreme4, that consumers typically end up buying. The Z270 Extreme4 is, on paper specification, a true all-rounder; a competitive price, plentiful connectivity options and a varied feature set, but can it keep up with its competition? ASRock, like other motherboard companies, runs multiple different product lines for Intel’s mainstream platform. The Fatal1ty series specifically targets a gaming audience while the Extreme Series is more generic in purpose. As such the Z270 Extreme4 is not Gamer-esque in appearance, though it certainly possesses an aesthetic that stands out from the ordinary. ASRock’s own website describes this product as being aimed at animators, artists, designers and editors, which might be optimistic. The headline feature for the Extreme4, and with many motherboards of this class, is RGB lighting. ASRock delivers this is two ways; onboard lighting and support for external RGB strips through a header. Rather uniquely, ASRock deploys the RGB controls through both software and the UEFI environment. Another notable attribute of the Extreme4 that will catch the attention of consumers is the provision of dual M.2 ports, both capable of running at PCI Express Generation 3.0 4X speeds. While NVMe M.2 drives are still expensive per GB compared to traditional SATA III SSDs, the cost is coming down with each subsequent release from SSD manufacturers. The default connectivity provisioned with Intel’s mainstream Z-series chipsets has been generous for a while now so the fact ASRock has USB 3.1 Type-A and C is a tick on the checklist rather than a unique selling point. ASRock does, however, attempt to differentiate itself by throwing in an additional two SATA ports, taking the total to 8, for users with a larger-than-average storage array. ASRock includes a number of other in-fashion features for motherboards of the current moment including PCIe slot shielding and improved audio based on the Realtek ALC1220 codec. A good start then for the Z270 Extreme4 which finds itself priced in-line with motherboards such as the ASUS Prime Z270-A,  Gigabyte Z270-X Ultra Gaming and MSI Z270 Gaming Pro. ASRock Z270 Extreme4 Form Factor ATX, 30.5 cm x 24.4 cm CPU Socket  LGA 1151, 10-phase VRM Chipset Intel Z270 Memory  DDR4, 4 DIMMs, up to 64GB, up to 3866MHz+ (with OC) Onboard Graphics  Intel HD Graphics (supported CPUs), up to 1024MB of video memory Discrete Graphics  Up to Nvidia 2-way/Quad SLI, AMD 3-way/Quad CrossFireX Expansion Slots 2 x PCIe 3.0 x16 (x16/x0 or x8/x8, from CPU) 1 x PCIe 3.0 x16 (x4 electrical, from PCH) 3 x PCIe 3.0 x1 (from PCH) Storage 8 x SATA III (6 from PCH, 2 from ASM1061) 2 x M.2 NVMe or SATA* (M2_1 shares bandwidth with SATA3_0, SATA3_1 and M2_2 shares bandwidth with SATA3_4, SATA3_5_ USB 6 x USB 2.0 (6 Front, via PCH) 8 x USB 3.0 (4 Rear, 4 Front, 6 via PCH, 2 Front via ASM1074) 2 x USB 3.1 (2 Rear [Type-A and C], via ASM2142) Networking Intel I219-V Gigabit LAN Audio  Realtek ALC 1220, 7.1 Channel Fan Headers  5, all support 3/4pin fans (2 x CPU, 1 x W_PUMP, 2 x CHA) Rear I/O  2 x Antenna Ports 1 x PS/2 Mouse/Keyboard Port 1 x D-Sub Port 1 x DVI-D Port 1 x HDMI Port 1 x USB 3.1 Type-A Port (ASMedia ASM2142) 1 x USB 3.1 Type-C Port (ASMedia ASM2142) 4 x USB 3.0 Ports (Intel Z270) 1 x RJ-45 LAN Port with LED 1 x Optical SPDIF Out Port 5 x Audio Jacks UEFI 2 x 128Mb AMI UEFI BIOS chips Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags asrock ASRock Z270 Extreme4 Intel kaby lake LGA 1151 motherboard Review RGB Z270 Previous Denuvo anti-tamper drops the ball, reveals hidden developer messages Next South Korea tightens battery rules after Samsung Note 7 issues Check Also Gigabyte Aorus Z270X-Gaming K5 Motherboard Review How does Gigabyte's take on the mid-range gaming-orientated motherboard stack up to the competition? Christopher Lennon I love Asrock boards, compared to every other manufacturer, Asrock isn’t afraid to try new or different things (like the 5Gbit NIC they are now offering on some boards), and I love how they only have m.2 slots and not worthless u.2 ports like everyone else…oh, and I like how they’re not Asus, 9 out of 10 computers seem to have Asus boards, and it’s no fun having the same stuff as everyone else Beverlypbeck Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj254d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj254d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash254MarketHouseGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!mj254d:….,….. Polls Which system memory next? Corsair Crucial G.Skill Geil HyperX Patriot Samsung Other View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Archives Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010  Contact Us © Copyright 2017, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Politics Donald Trump Donald Trump's immigration ban 'harms' American business say tech giants Google, Microsoft, Intel, and Apple give legal arguments against president's executive order. By Graham Lanktree February 6, 2017 09:10 GMT Close Trump's battle with judges over travel ban deemed 'constitutional crisis' IBTimes US President Donald Trump's controversial travel and immigration ban "inflicts significant harm on American business" argued America's most valuable tech companies – including Apple, Facebook, Google, and Intel– in a legal brief on Sunday (5 February) Lawyers representing 97 companies filed the court documents in support of a legal challenge against the president's executive order limiting travel and immigration from seven majority Muslim countries on 27 January. Other companies including Microsoft, Levi Strauss & Co., eBay, Netflix, and Uber were also on the brief. It provides legal arguments against the executive order. Trump's order has drawn several legal challenges after it blocked people and refugees with valid visas and residency cards from from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen from entering the US for 90 days. His order sparked protests at airports throughout the country and around the world. "The order makes it more difficult and expensive for US companies to recruit, hire, and retain some of the world's best employees," argued the court brief issued largely by American tech companies. Trump's order, it said, "disrupts ongoing business operations. And it threatens companies' ability to attract talent, business, and investment to the United States." On 30 January Washington State sought an injunction to stop Trump's executive order. A federal judge in Seattle granted it on Friday 3 February, stating that the president's action "adversely affects the States' residents" employment, education, business, family relations, and freedom to travel. The Trump administration must justify the president's order in the court on Monday 6 February. The supporting brief sent by the companies is just one of several similar supporting documents, including ones sent by the State of Hawaii and US law professors. Over the weekend President Trump railed against the court's decision in a series of tweets, and challenged the validity of the judge, stating that "potential terrorists" could flood into the US as a result. "The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!" Trump said on Saturday. Yet "immigrants make many of the Nation's greatest discoveries, and create some of the country's most innovative and iconic companies," argued the tech firms legal filing on Sunday. "Immigrants are among our leading entrepreneurs, politicians, artists, and philanthropists." More from IBTimes UK Elon Musk pushed Trump's Muslim travel ban to top of White House meeting agenda Julian Assange says Obama was a 'wolf in sheepskin' but Trump is a 'wolf in wolf's skin' Do not test Donald Trump's resolve, US Vice-President Mike Pence tells Iran Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close US warns North Korea of 'overwhelming' response if nuclear arms used Columnists Alastair Campbell “If Paul Dacre honestly thinks the Daily Mail is a reliable source, why won't he defend it? READ MORE Snow in London this weekend as UK weather turns Arctic Met Office and health experts warning drivers and the vulnerable to plan carefully ahead of icy blast. New Zealand: 400 whales wash up dead in huge mass beaching Volunteers worked to try to rescue the pilot whales but most died quickly after being beached. Wikipedia labels Daily Mail as 'unreliable' and bans it as a source for entries It claims newspaper "has a reputation for poor fact checking, sensationalism and flat-out fabrication." British woman has joined ranks of Kurdish fighters against Isis in Syria Hailing from Blackburn, Kimberley Taylor is involved in the US-backed operations to liberate Raqqa. Israel: 12th Dead Sea Scroll cave of Qumran discovered Archaeologists found a fragment of parchment tucked away in a corner of the cave. Couple arrested after autistic girl found locked in cage covered in excrement Mickey Sparks, 69, and Patricia Laws, 43, allegedly told officers the cage was used to 'control the child'. Man trapped underwater by digger saved by using yoga position The man adopted the cobra pose for hours to keep his nose just above water. Sir Tom Jones dating Priscilla Presley a year after wife's death Jones mourned the loss of his wife Linda following her death from cancer in April 2016. 'Baton rape' of black man in police custody sparks violent protests in France Four policemen were detained in connection to the abuse on 6 February. Kremlin's links to British far right stretch back a decade experts warn Links between Russia and senior UK far-right figures are being monitored by the British government. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookLog In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop PC World > News > Lenovo's Yoga A12 Android 2-in-1 has futuristic to... Lenovo's Yoga A12 Android 2-in-1 has futuristic touch panel keyboard The Yoga A12 replaces the hard keyboard with a touch panel one Agam Shah (IDG News Service) on 06 February, 2017 16:01 0 - - - - print email Lenovo is ditching the hard keyboard for a cool new touch one on its new Yoga A12 2-in-1, which can be an Android tablet or a laptop. But for those seeking the latest and greatest hardware, there's a disappointment. It runs on an old chip from Intel, which has rolled back its development of Android, raising questions on the frequency of OS updates. The highlight of Yoga A12 is the versatile touch panel that can be a smartphone-like virtual keyboard. It's a feature adapted from the Yoga Book, which was introduced last year. The Yoga A12 has a 12.2-inch touchscreen, and a back-lit input touch panel replaces the hard keyboard. Lenovo said the virtual keyboard provides a user experience similar to on-screen ones on smartphones and tablets. Lenovo is betting that those comfortable with mobile typing will adapt quickly to this touch keyboard. The Android OS also provides a familiar mobile interface. The Yoga A12 has Android 6.0.1, and will ship in many countries this month starting at US$299.99. But there are some disappointments. The screen has a resolution of 1200 x 800 pixels, and its components are aging. It has Intel's Atom X5 tablet processor, code-named Cherry Trail, which the chip maker is now phasing out. Intel is replacing Atom X5 chips with newer Celeron and Pentium chips code-named Apollo Lake, which are mainly going into Windows tablets and 2-in-1s. Intel in May last year discontinued Atom smartphone chips. Lenovo had an explanation on why it used Atom X5 in Yoga A12. "When Intel made its announcements about Atom, the Yoga A12 was already well in development. Intel has nevertheless committed to keeping the Atom X5 in the market to support the Yoga A12 and other products," a spokesperson said in an email. Lenovo said there's a clear upgrade path from Atom to Apollo Lake processors. That's an indication that Lenovo may use Apollo Lake chips in the successor to Yoga A12. Most Android devices today are based on ARM chips. Only a handful of Android tablets have Cherry Trail chips, including Lenovo's Yoga Book and Panasonic's ToughPad FZ-A2. PC makers are also quickly cutting Atom chips from tablets. Dell isn't selling Android tablets with Atom chips, and Microsoft has discontinued Surface 3, which had a Cherry Trail chip. Lenovo said it plans to upgrade Android 6.0.1 to Android 7.0 in the next couple of months. Yet, there are questions on the frequency of OS upgrades. Intel -- which was responsible for developing Android updates -- has scaled back development of the OS for mobile devices, and is focusing more on Windows and Chromebooks. Lenovo may have to take on the development of a custom Android 7.0 for Yoga A12, which could be a challenging task. It could get some help from Intel and the open-source community. Current Atom-based Android mobile devices are mostly stuck at Android 5 or 6, and won't get Android 7.0. With 32GB of storage and 2GB of RAM, the Yoga A12 has features similar to that of a Chromebook -- except it is for Android users. But Chromebooks are now getting the ability to run Android applications. In the future, Lenovo plans to bring its virtual keyboard to Chromebooks as well. Trends In Document Management Show The MFP To Be Centre Of Business Productivity And Efficiency More from Sharp Corporation Join the PC World newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags notebooksLenovo Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Agam Shah IDG News Service Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Essentials Microsoft L5V-00027 Sculpt Ergonomic Keyboard Desktop Learn more > Samsung portable 1TB T3 drive Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive Learn more > Smart LED Bulb LB130 Learn more > UE Boom 2 Bluetooth speaker Learn more > Linksys AC5400 MU-MIMO Gigabit router Learn more > Epson EcoTank Expression ET-2500 Learn more > Everki ContemPRO Roll Top Laptop Backpack Learn more > Mobile Logitech G403 Prodigy mouse Learn more > 3SIXT Ultra HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Huawei Mate 9 Learn more > Surface Book Learn more > Lexar® Portable SSD  Learn more > Belkin MIXIT Metallic Lightning to USB Cable Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S45 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Acer Swift 7 Learn more > Google Daydream VR headset Learn more > Exec Garmin Fenix Chronos smartwatch Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1800x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards  Learn more > HP Pavilion x360 13” Learn more > HD Pan/Tilt Wi-Fi Camera with Night Vision NC450 Learn more > Surface Pro 4 Learn more > Dell Inspiron 5000 series 2-in-1 Learn more > Audio-Technica ATH-ANC70 Noise Cancelling Headphones Learn more > Dell P2715Q Learn more > Blade 28 backpack by Arc’teryx Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20c USB Type-C flash drive  Learn more > Dell XPS 13 laptop Learn more > Budget Smart Wi-Fi Plug HS110 Learn more > Boost Mobile SIM Learn more > Lifeproof Fre phone case Learn more > Evapolar USB air conditioner review Learn more > Samsung 960 EVO M.2 hard drive Learn more > Jabra Sport Pace earbuds Learn more > Canon EOS 1300d Learn more > Oppo R9s Learn more > Back To Business Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Huawei Mate 9 full in-depth smartphone review 2 ​ZTE Axon 7 review: Is ZTE dumping old stock on Australia? 3 ​Oppo R9s smartphone full review 4 ​Finally! LG OLED TV 2016 range review 5 ​Huawei Nova Plus smartphone review Latest News Articles Privacy groups claim FBI hacking operation went too far On land and in space, IoT networks can now cover the planet Ford to pump $1B into AI for driverless cars Valve finally replaces the faulty Steam Greenlight system with Steam Direct PCWorld's February Digital Edition: Intel's Kaby Lake CPU Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Michael Hargreaves Dell XPS 13 I’d happily recommend this touchscreen laptop and Windows 10 as a great way to get serious work done at a desk or on the road. Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content ​Huawei Mate 9 full in-depth smartphone review Time to ditch Foxtel and the iQ3: How to replace Foxtel packages with cheaper alternatives The top 10 best and worst tech gadgets and products of 2016 What's the difference between an Intel Core i3, i5 and i7? Laser vs. inkjet printers: which is better? Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTTechnical Support RepresentativeNSW TPAgile Project Manager. Sharepoint / PeoplesoftNSW CCProject Manager - Adelaide basedVIC CCSenior Project ManagerNSW TPBusiness Process Analyst (Newcaslte Based)NSW CCSenior Developer - Appian/PegaVIC CCNetwork Security Engineer - Cisco ISEVIC CCIT Systems EngineerNSW CCManager AnalyticsNSW FTDynamics AX Functional Consultant (Manufacturing and Trade & Logistics Modules)NSW TPBusiness Analyst - Technical BackgroundQLD FTLife/400 Resource - PermanentNSW CCChange ManagerACT CCStorage System EngineerNSW TPFunctional AnalystVIC FTDynamics AX Functional Consultant (Manufacturing and Trade & Logistics Modules)WA FT.Net Azure DeveloperSA CCSharePoint AdministratorACT FTTechnical Consultant MS Dynamics AXACT CCTechnical Support AnalystACT CCWeb Designer / DeveloperACT FTNode.js/API DeveloperNSW CCService Desk Quality Assurance AnalystNSW TPEnvironment Specialist(DevOps)QLD FTTest Analyst - HealthcareVIC Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles Muru-D takes on 'more mature' start-ups with new funding model computerworld.com.au Privacy groups claim FBI hacking operation went too far cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au Banking and securities’ IT spend to hit $14.8B in Australia arnnet.com.au Best Super Bowl ads were humorous, finds facial tracking research cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Super Bowl: Intel Shooting Star drones light up Lady Gaga’s performance Super Bowl: Intel Shooting Star drones light up Lady Gaga’s performance Intel and Super Bowl teams kicked off the preparations early December to put up a brief show on Sunday. By: Tech Desk | Updated: February 6, 2017 4:52 pm At the end of Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show, Intel ran a 10-second spot where the drones transformed from the Pepsi logo into the Intel logo. Houston’s skyline lit up with hundreds of Intel drones during the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI halftime show at NRG Stadium on Sunday, as Lady Gaga belted out her hit numbers on stage. Three hundred Intel Shooting Star drones were seen doing aerial acrobatics above the stadium’s retractable rooftop with syncronised precision. This makes it the ‘first-ever drone integration during a televised event and a Super Bowl’. The drones added colour to Gaga’s performance with multiple formations, which included twinkling stars, red and blue moving stars, American flag and and Pepsi logo. According to Intel, its Shooting Star drones are a new type of unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV). The devices are specifically designed for entertainment purposes. Each quadcopter drone packs LEDs, creating over four billion colour combinations. At the end of Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show, Intel ran a 10-second spot where the drones transformed from the Pepsi logo into the Intel logo. Watch all our videos from Express Technology “Lady Gaga and the Super Bowl creative team wanted to pull off something that had never been done before and we were able to combine Intel drone innovation with her artistry to pull off a truly unique experience,” Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager, New Technology Group, Intel said in a press statement. According to a report in The Wired, each drone is a foot long and weighs around eight ounces. They are made of foam and plastic. “Each drone communicates wirelessly with a central computer to execute its dance routine, oblivious to what the hundreds of machines around it are doing,” the report explains. This is one of the biggest drone shows by Intel, seen by close to 160 million global audience. Given the large number of drones involved in the show, the performance needed meticulous planning. Intel began preparations early in December to put on a brief show on Sunday.  However, this was not the first time when drones were used in such large numbers. A similar synchronised drone show was organised in November last year for Disney with the same Intel drone squad. The ‘Starbright Holiday Drone Show’ bagged the world record for ‘most unmanned aerial vehicles airborne simultaneously.’ © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Tags: drones Super Bowl Election 2017 Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Phase 1 Live Updates: Polling begins in 73 constituencies of western region UP Assembly Elections 2017: Battle for heartland begins in west that may hold the key UP Assembly Elections 2017: Day before first phase, Muslim clerics back Mayawati Best of Express Setback for Sasikala as TN education minister Pandiarajan joins Panneerselvam camp EntertainmentJolly LLB 2 movie review : Akshay Kumar, Saurabh Shukla make this an unalloyed delight EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan, Aamir Khan's first selfie in 25 years is one of a kind. See pic EntertainmentAvengers Infinity War: This behind-the-scenes teaser is everything Marvel fans need to begin the weekend. Watch video EntertainmentBadrinath Ki Dulhania song Tamma Tamma Again: Varun Dhawan, Alia Bhatt teleport you to the 90s. Watch video Must Read SportsIndia vs Bangladesh Live Score SportsTendulkar applauds Kohli in record-breaking form SportsSouth Africa reclaim top spot in ODI after SL whitewash TechnologyApple iPhone 5s offers on Valentine's Day: Is this deal worth it? TechnologyLatest Samsung leak suggests the logo for the Galaxy S8+ TechnologyWhatsApp now supports two-step verification: Here's how to enable LifestyleDrink (water) through the day, it helps Feb 11: Latest News India vs Australia: It was a tough tour in 2013 and things were not going our way, says Usman Khawaja Chinese soldier returns home from India after five decades Monkey trouble: Woman ends life by consuming acid     More than 2,500 coins from 500 regions at International Coin Fair     Singam 3 box office collection: Suriya’s Si3 is moviegoers’ choice this weekend                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search 300 Intel drones light up Lady Gaga’s Super Bowl act JC Torres - Feb 6, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit From smartphones to wearables to smart appliances, and now, to drones. That seems to be the journey that Intel has taken as it tries to gain some ground in markets outside its traditional PC silicon market. Although it’s not exactly taking on more established drone makers like DJI head on, it is aiming for a more niche segment where it might actually stand uncontested for some time. And what better way to make a big splash than by launching 300 of those drones above the Super Bowl Halftime show. The Super Bowl has become a prime chance for companies, even tech ones that don’t exactly have direct connections to the sport, to advertise their wares. Intel, of course, is no different but it managed to trump them all by getting the most coveted halftime spot. Of course, it had to share that spot with Lady Gaga who is really the center of attraction. But, even for a few brief moments, Intel was able to grab the crowd’s attention with a choreographed light show. That was made possible by Intel’s “Shooting Star” quadcopters, basically drones equipped with very bright LED lights that can be programmed to display any color of choice. Being drones, these Shooting Stars can be programmed to fly in certain formations and change colors at certain times. The end effect is a dazzling though brief light show with the drones forming the US flag at the start of Lady Gaga’s performance and, in the end, sponsor Pepsi’s logo as well as Intel’s. Our drones have returned to the ground after an amazing #PepsiHalftime show #ExperienceMore pic.twitter.com/Augpbt05u6 — Intel (@intel) February 6, 2017 The Shooting Star drones themselves won’t hold a candle to professional commercial drones, but that’s hardly Intel’s intention anyway. Instead, these drones are going to be marketed towards entertainment uses, practically replacing more expensive, more dangerous, and harder to control fireworks and similar materials. The drones, however, may need a bit of work on the legal side, considering current regulatory restrictions on when and where drones can fly. Intel, in fact, had to tape part of the performance earlier to get around those limitations. But, at least for now, with no other similar drone system in the market, Intel can claim the entertainment drone throne. Watch Lady Gaga’s FULL performance video here Tags droneIntelRoboticssuper bowl Must Read Bits & Bytes Ford steers $1bn into Argo AI self-driving car brain startup Call of Duty 2017: 4 things you need to know A $1,000 iPhone 8 “Anniversary Edition” makes perfect sense Tesla Model 3 test production tipped to kick off this month How Fire Emblem Heroes inspired one guy to spend $900 on week 1 Latest Headlines Magic Leap prototype leaks with ‘PEQ0’ codename Feb 10, 2017 Sony EXTRA BASS Wireless Speakers hit shelves next month Feb 10, 2017 Samsung and Six Flags team again, this time for a gaming VR rollercoaster Feb 10, 2017 Stunning blue lightning filmed from the International Space Station Feb 10, 2017 Grand Theft Auto 4 now backwards compatible on Xbox One Feb 10, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Dodge Durango R/T Review: No SRT required for this V8-powered SUV Feb 9, 2017 Huawei Mate 9 Review [International Edition] Feb 7, 2017 2017 Infiniti Q50 3.0t Sport AWD Review Feb 2, 2017 Linea app Review: Iconfactory blesses the iPad Pro Feb 1, 2017 Lenovo YOGA 710 15″ Convertible Windows 10 Laptop Review Jan 30, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Computerworld Lenovo's Yoga A12 Android 2-in-1 has futuristic touch panel keyboard News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Lenovo's Yoga A12 Android 2-in-1 has futuristic touch panel keyboard The Yoga A12 replaces the hard keyboard with a touch panel one Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 06 February, 2017 16:01 - - - - print email Comments Lenovo is ditching the hard keyboard for a cool new touch one on its new Yoga A12 2-in-1, which can be an Android tablet or a laptop. But for those seeking the latest and greatest hardware, there's a disappointment. It runs on an old chip from Intel, which has rolled back its development of Android, raising questions on the frequency of OS updates. The highlight of Yoga A12 is the versatile touch panel that can be a smartphone-like virtual keyboard. It's a feature adapted from the Yoga Book, which was introduced last year. The Yoga A12 has a 12.2-inch touchscreen, and a back-lit input touch panel replaces the hard keyboard. Lenovo said the virtual keyboard provides a user experience similar to on-screen ones on smartphones and tablets. Lenovo is betting that those comfortable with mobile typing will adapt quickly to this touch keyboard. The Android OS also provides a familiar mobile interface. The Yoga A12 has Android 6.0.1, and will ship in many countries this month starting at US$299.99. But there are some disappointments. The screen has a resolution of 1200 x 800 pixels, and its components are aging. It has Intel's Atom X5 tablet processor, code-named Cherry Trail, which the chip maker is now phasing out. Intel is replacing Atom X5 chips with newer Celeron and Pentium chips code-named Apollo Lake, which are mainly going into Windows tablets and 2-in-1s. Intel in May last year discontinued Atom smartphone chips. Lenovo had an explanation on why it used Atom X5 in Yoga A12. "When Intel made its announcements about Atom, the Yoga A12 was already well in development. Intel has nevertheless committed to keeping the Atom X5 in the market to support the Yoga A12 and other products," a spokesperson said in an email. Lenovo said there's a clear upgrade path from Atom to Apollo Lake processors. That's an indication that Lenovo may use Apollo Lake chips in the successor to Yoga A12. Most Android devices today are based on ARM chips. Only a handful of Android tablets have Cherry Trail chips, including Lenovo's Yoga Book and Panasonic's ToughPad FZ-A2. PC makers are also quickly cutting Atom chips from tablets. Dell isn't selling Android tablets with Atom chips, and Microsoft has discontinued Surface 3, which had a Cherry Trail chip. Lenovo said it plans to upgrade Android 6.0.1 to Android 7.0 in the next couple of months. Yet, there are questions on the frequency of OS upgrades. Intel -- which was responsible for developing Android updates -- has scaled back development of the OS for mobile devices, and is focusing more on Windows and Chromebooks. Lenovo may have to take on the development of a custom Android 7.0 for Yoga A12, which could be a challenging task. It could get some help from Intel and the open-source community. Current Atom-based Android mobile devices are mostly stuck at Android 5 or 6, and won't get Android 7.0. With 32GB of storage and 2GB of RAM, the Yoga A12 has features similar to that of a Chromebook -- except it is for Android users. But Chromebooks are now getting the ability to run Android applications. In the future, Lenovo plans to bring its virtual keyboard to Chromebooks as well. Demand for 3rd Party ERP Support Soars More from Rimini Street Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags notebooksLenovo More about ApolloARMCherryDellIntelLakeLenovoMicrosoftPanasonic Editor's Recommendations NetComm Wireless reaps $28 million windfall from NBN FTTC Dev roles hardest to fill say CIOs Muru-D takes on 'more mature' start-ups with new funding model Australian Bureau of Statistics CIO quits FTTN set to overtake FTTP as NBN rollout continues 'Supersized' start-up hub set for Sydney CBD Web Events Tomorrow's success comes from today's data Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education Data Loss Prevention - Sponsored by Symantec Related Whitepapers Data Storage Experts Tap Global Markets With EMC CloudBoost 7 Habits of the Effective Network Manager SECURITY, DURABILITY AND USABILITY TARGET HP’S FLAGSHIP CONVERTIBLE AT BUSINESS USERS 7 Ways Link-Solutions Empowers Network Pros to Work Faster and Smarter Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Intel works on next-generation Optane SSD, memory technologies Dev roles hardest to fill say CIOs ​Cyber espionage poses very real risk to critical infrastructure CSO Online In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Booted up in 1993, this server still runs -- but not for much longer Market Place 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council

Computerworld New Zealand Lenovo's Yoga A12 Android 2-in-1 has futuristic touch panel keyboard News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Lenovo's Yoga A12 Android 2-in-1 has futuristic touch panel keyboard The Yoga A12 replaces the hard keyboard with a touch panel one Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 06 February, 2017 16:01 - - - - print email Comments Lenovo is ditching the hard keyboard for a cool new touch one on its new Yoga A12 2-in-1, which can be an Android tablet or a laptop. But for those seeking the latest and greatest hardware, there's a disappointment. It runs on an old chip from Intel, which has rolled back its development of Android, raising questions on the frequency of OS updates. The highlight of Yoga A12 is the versatile touch panel that can be a smartphone-like virtual keyboard. It's a feature adapted from the Yoga Book, which was introduced last year. The Yoga A12 has a 12.2-inch touchscreen, and a back-lit input touch panel replaces the hard keyboard. Lenovo said the virtual keyboard provides a user experience similar to on-screen ones on smartphones and tablets. Lenovo is betting that those comfortable with mobile typing will adapt quickly to this touch keyboard. The Android OS also provides a familiar mobile interface. The Yoga A12 has Android 6.0.1, and will ship in many countries this month starting at US$299.99. But there are some disappointments. The screen has a resolution of 1200 x 800 pixels, and its components are aging. It has Intel's Atom X5 tablet processor, code-named Cherry Trail, which the chip maker is now phasing out. Intel is replacing Atom X5 chips with newer Celeron and Pentium chips code-named Apollo Lake, which are mainly going into Windows tablets and 2-in-1s. Intel in May last year discontinued Atom smartphone chips. Lenovo had an explanation on why it used Atom X5 in Yoga A12. "When Intel made its announcements about Atom, the Yoga A12 was already well in development. Intel has nevertheless committed to keeping the Atom X5 in the market to support the Yoga A12 and other products," a spokesperson said in an email. Lenovo said there's a clear upgrade path from Atom to Apollo Lake processors. That's an indication that Lenovo may use Apollo Lake chips in the successor to Yoga A12. Most Android devices today are based on ARM chips. Only a handful of Android tablets have Cherry Trail chips, including Lenovo's Yoga Book and Panasonic's ToughPad FZ-A2. PC makers are also quickly cutting Atom chips from tablets. Dell isn't selling Android tablets with Atom chips, and Microsoft has discontinued Surface 3, which had a Cherry Trail chip. Lenovo said it plans to upgrade Android 6.0.1 to Android 7.0 in the next couple of months. Yet, there are questions on the frequency of OS upgrades. Intel -- which was responsible for developing Android updates -- has scaled back development of the OS for mobile devices, and is focusing more on Windows and Chromebooks. Lenovo may have to take on the development of a custom Android 7.0 for Yoga A12, which could be a challenging task. It could get some help from Intel and the open-source community. Current Atom-based Android mobile devices are mostly stuck at Android 5 or 6, and won't get Android 7.0. With 32GB of storage and 2GB of RAM, the Yoga A12 has features similar to that of a Chromebook -- except it is for Android users. But Chromebooks are now getting the ability to run Android applications. In the future, Lenovo plans to bring its virtual keyboard to Chromebooks as well. Cloud Flexibility Freeing New Zealand Businesses From the Tyranny of Distance More from Interactive Intelligence Join the Computerworld New Zealand newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags notebooksLenovo More about ApolloARMCherryDellIntelLakeLenovoMicrosoftPanasonic Editor's Recommendations TeamTalk knocks back Spark offer, talks up value Kiwi exporters to gain from Customs data sharing with China Spark to use UnisonFibre for FTTP in Napier, Hastings, Taupo and Rotorua Contact in the cloud: Spark shifts Contact Energy’s IT Labour says power companies could outflank UFB2 rollout UFB phase 2 to reach 85 percent of New Zealanders Related Whitepapers Powering Clinical Applications To Treat Patients Faster Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimisation Dell EMC Global data protection index II Four Reasons To Choose Flash Now Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Government sets out its preferred post-2020 telecoms regime Intel researches tech to prepare for a future beyond today's PCs ​Cyber espionage poses very real risk to critical infrastructure CSO Online In pictures: The 2016 Hi-Tech Awards 'The Oscars of NZ's ICT industry' IN PICTURES: Kiwi student innovators unite as Microsoft Imagine Cup 2016 hits ... Nvidia's new Quadro GP100 GPU brings NVLink to Windows computers Market Place 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Reseller News []
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Lenovo's Yoga A12 Android 2-in-1 has futuristic touch panel keyboard Lenovo's Yoga A12 Android 2-in-1 has futuristic touch panel keyboard The Yoga A12 replaces the hard keyboard with a touch panel one Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 06 February, 2017 16:01 - - - - print email Comments Lenovo is ditching the hard keyboard for a cool new touch one on its new Yoga A12 2-in-1, which can be an Android tablet or a laptop. But for those seeking the latest and greatest hardware, there's a disappointment. It runs on an old chip from Intel, which has rolled back its development of Android, raising questions on the frequency of OS updates. The highlight of Yoga A12 is the versatile touch panel that can be a smartphone-like virtual keyboard. It's a feature adapted from the Yoga Book, which was introduced last year. The Yoga A12 has a 12.2-inch touchscreen, and a back-lit input touch panel replaces the hard keyboard. Lenovo said the virtual keyboard provides a user experience similar to on-screen ones on smartphones and tablets. Lenovo is betting that those comfortable with mobile typing will adapt quickly to this touch keyboard. The Android OS also provides a familiar mobile interface. The Yoga A12 has Android 6.0.1, and will ship in many countries this month starting at US$299.99. But there are some disappointments. The screen has a resolution of 1200 x 800 pixels, and its components are aging. It has Intel's Atom X5 tablet processor, code-named Cherry Trail, which the chip maker is now phasing out. Intel is replacing Atom X5 chips with newer Celeron and Pentium chips code-named Apollo Lake, which are mainly going into Windows tablets and 2-in-1s. Intel in May last year discontinued Atom smartphone chips. Lenovo had an explanation on why it used Atom X5 in Yoga A12. "When Intel made its announcements about Atom, the Yoga A12 was already well in development. Intel has nevertheless committed to keeping the Atom X5 in the market to support the Yoga A12 and other products," a spokesperson said in an email. Lenovo said there's a clear upgrade path from Atom to Apollo Lake processors. That's an indication that Lenovo may use Apollo Lake chips in the successor to Yoga A12. Most Android devices today are based on ARM chips. Only a handful of Android tablets have Cherry Trail chips, including Lenovo's Yoga Book and Panasonic's ToughPad FZ-A2. PC makers are also quickly cutting Atom chips from tablets. Dell isn't selling Android tablets with Atom chips, and Microsoft has discontinued Surface 3, which had a Cherry Trail chip. Lenovo said it plans to upgrade Android 6.0.1 to Android 7.0 in the next couple of months. Yet, there are questions on the frequency of OS upgrades. Intel -- which was responsible for developing Android updates -- has scaled back development of the OS for mobile devices, and is focusing more on Windows and Chromebooks. Lenovo may have to take on the development of a custom Android 7.0 for Yoga A12, which could be a challenging task. It could get some help from Intel and the open-source community. Current Atom-based Android mobile devices are mostly stuck at Android 5 or 6, and won't get Android 7.0. With 32GB of storage and 2GB of RAM, the Yoga A12 has features similar to that of a Chromebook -- except it is for Android users. But Chromebooks are now getting the ability to run Android applications. In the future, Lenovo plans to bring its virtual keyboard to Chromebooks as well. 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags notebooksLenovo More about ApolloARMCherryDellIntelLakeLenovoMicrosoftPanasonic Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Three Ways to Get Started with Hadoop CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Four Reasons To Choose Flash Now EMC Isilon Scale-Out Data Lake Foundation Latest Jobs General Manager - Strategy VIC Digital Communications Manager NSW Group Director Information Services WA Big Data/Hadoop Developer ACT IT Project Coordinator VIC Oracle Forms PL/SQL Analyst Programmer QLD Project Manager - Telco VIC Service Desk Analyst - Level 1 VIC Service Designer (CX) NSW Technical Consultant - SQL Server programming skills ACT Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next HPE called out over service “failure” after ATO systems outage ​Australia Post expands online stores with Alibaba deal ​Six Challenges CISOs Will Face in 2017 CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Booted up in 1993, this server still runs -- but not for much longer Market Place 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). CSO Privacy groups claim FBI hacking operation went too far Microsoft unveils a bonanza of security capabilities Recent WordPress vulnerability used to deface 1.5 million pages How to enable WhatsApp's two-step verification Apple's iCloud saved deleted browser records, security company finds Computerworld Muru-D takes on 'more mature' start-ups with new funding model Stop talking shit about broadband speeds, ACCC tells ISPs NetComm Wireless reaps $28 million windfall from NBN FTTC Microsoft hasn't moved the Windows 10 needle in months 'Fileless malware' attacks, used at banks, have been around for years ARN Banking and securities’ IT spend to hit $14.8B in Australia ISPs put on alert over broadband speed claims NetComm’s NBN deal delivers $28m revenue injection ​Day of reckoning still to come despite Dell EMC partner program launch Avnet expands Lenovo partnership with global training deal Techworld Privacy groups claim FBI hacking operation went too far On land and in space, IoT networks can now cover the planet Ford to pump $1B into AI for driverless cars UPS to spend $18M to install 26,000 new solar panels Microsoft unveils a bonanza of security capabilities CMO Best Super Bowl ads were humorous, finds facial tracking research Volkswagen Group unites customer experience and employee engagement insights Report: Australian organisations lack processes and support to be innovative CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 9 February 2017 ​Data Republic partners with koji to boost FMCG data insights Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
null
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Sports Tom Brady Super Bowl Commercial For Intel As Patriots Play The Big Game By Michael Jay Toledo on February 6 2017 02:14 PM Football superstar Tom Brady is appearing in a 30-second Super Bowl commercial for Intel. This is the very first ad for the company during the game since 2010. Obviously, they have picked the right man to do the commercial. Watch the full video below. Jeff Hopper, the general manager of strategy and marketing for the Intel Sports Group, recently talked with the Associated Press. There he shared why Intel chose Brady to be the perfect person to publicize their new technology. “It’s something that fans have always dreamed about: ‘What did Tom see when he threw that pass?’ Everyone wants to be the player, to see what it’s like to see it from the point of view,” he said, as reported by Heavy. The commercial features the Intel’s 360-degree replay technology called “Be the Player.” Fox has already been using it during their broadcasts. Also, according to Ad Meter, the company installed cameras in Houston’s stadium that will film game highlights from the every player’s point of view. The technology also includes a zoom “freeD” system, which NBA and baseball All-Star games are using. Tom Brady’s Seventh Super Bowl Appearance Super Bowl LI is already the seventh time Brady is playing in the event. Although he could be quarterback with the most rings in history, that is not exactly what’s on his mind right now. These past few weeks, the New England quarterback mentioned his mother’s health. He did not disclose any specific details about it, but he described that it as “challenging.” As a result, Brady told Jim Gray of Westwood One, via Fox Sports, that he is dedicating this game to his mom. “She’s the one I want to win for,” the quarterback added. Prior to that, the football superstar as well shared that his mother’s condition is the reason why she has not attended any of his games this year. Clearly, Brady’s situation will make him more focused during the game. He would want to make his mother proud so it is safe to say that he will be putting it all out there. Hopefully, his efforts would be converted into another Super Bowl win for the superstar. Let us just wait and see whether or not the Patriots will beat the Atlanta Falcons. How about you? Who do you think would win Super Bowl XI? Do you think Brady would be successful in helping the Patriots get the W? Or will the Falcons dominate the match? Share your thoughts in the comment section below. Also read: Justin Bieber Re-Activates His Instagram Thanks To T-Mobile Super Bowl Commercial Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:intel, Intel Super Bowl Commercial, Super Bowl LI, Tom Brady Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Intel Kaby Lake Processors Making Its Way Into MacBook Pro 2017 Models Gal Gadot Super Bowl Commercial Teases Wonder Woman Moves Another AMD Ryzen Benchmark Leak For Ashes Of The Singularity With 4GHz Turbo Clock Speed About the author Michael Jay Toledo Michael is a reader of sorts. He also likes to watch movies and TV series in his spare time. The Tech and Entertainment writer of TheBitBag.Com is also a great fan of basketball and a player himself. Michael graduated with a degree in journalism. Featured Final Fantasy 15 Comrades Multiplayer DLC: Character Creator Featured Teased By Square Enix Halo Wars 2 PC Physical Release Cancelled Horizon Zero Dawn Pre-order Bonus DLC Shown In New Gameplay Footage FIFA 17 TOTW 21 Lineup Officially Announced! Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Overwatch Year Of The Rooster End Date: Possible Free Loot Box And New Voice Lines Before Event Ends The Overwatch Year of The Rooster end date is this February 13. Potentially, Blizzard... Zelda Breath Of The Wild Dungeons Simpler Than Past Entries Zelda: Breath of the Wild has gone gold and the game will be available... Fire Emblem Heroes Tier List: Best Male And Female Heroes Nintendo’s Fire Emblem Heroes is now available for both iOS and Android devices. In... Capcom Stocks Fall Despite Of Successful Resident Evil 7 Launch Week The release of a much anticipated triple-A game from big developers is usually a... Marvel Vs Capcom Infinite Roster: Why Giant Characters Are Unlikely In the recent Marvel vs Capcom entries, huge characters like Sentinel and Hulk are... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon mobile gaming Ubisoft google ps4 featured Samsung Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky PC iOS facebook pokemon sun and moon Editors Pick EA playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller Pokemon Go Update iPhone 7 iPad Blizzard NBA 2k17 Game of Thrones games NBA Trade Rumors snskid About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'I love all my moms': Hundreds of polygamists and their families led by the 'Sister Wives' descend on the steps of Utah Capitol to demand the legal right to plural marriage Black high school basketball players are harassed by 60 students dressed up for 'Hick Night' chanting 'Build that wall' and 'Get them out of here!' during game World's eighth biggest spammer, who is responsible for sending more than a million spam emails, faces decades in jail after being arrested 'He's gone. He's blue': Frantic 911 call from George Michael's lover reveals that he had been trying to wake him for an hour before calling The Supper Bowl! The Trumps, the Japanese prime minister and his wife are joined by New England Patriots owner for dinner at Mar-a-Lago after the First Family fly to Florida on Air Force One Hundreds of illegal immigrants arrested across six states this week in what officials say are 'routine' roundups of people who would also have been detained under Obama Trump says a 'brand new' immigration order could come as soon as MONDAY - as the White House looks to avoid a Supreme Court fight and craft a new plan From Russia with love: Vladimir Putin 'is considering returning Edward Snowden' to the US as a 'gift' to Trump more than three years after he was granted asylum in Moscow Michael Flynn's top aide is fired from National Security Council as tensions escalate over his discussions with Russian ambassador  Protesters block newly-installed education secretary Betsy DeVos from entering the first school she tries to visit, forcing her to sneak in via a side entrance  That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political Trump laughed and nodded along during the Japanese PM's speech during Friday's press conference because 'he knew what the speech was about' Welcome to the famous White House! Trump pulls in the Japanese prime minister for a bromantic greeting before he takes a very Donald tour of the President's home ahead of a weekend of golf at Mar-a-Lago Getting away from it all! Ivanka carries a purse and wears shoes from her own under fire label as she, Jared and their three young children take their first flight on Air Force One to Mar-a-Lago Gym owner goes after Ivanka Trump on Facebook after finding out the first daughter used an alias to sign up for a class Trump stuns lawmakers by claiming he and former Senator Ayotte would have both won New Hampshire if not for 'thousands of illegal voters who were bused in from out of state' Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show where she denied she's considering a Senate run Parts of Trump 'dirty dossier' HAVE been verified by investigators - but NOT the most salacious details including 'golden shower' claims How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Jared Kushner's younger brother Joshua 'has a preliminary agreement to buy the Miami Marlins baseball team for roughly $1.6billion' Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' Ole Miss student, 21, HEADBUTTS a cop, breaking his nose, as he is taken into a cell for 'robbing a store clerk while high on new drug gravel' Little Caesars creator and Detroit Red Wings and Tigers owner dies aged 87 after amassing a fortune worth $6BILLION Previous Next Dancing in the Dark! 300 drones helped Lady Gaga create American flag in the night sky in pre-recorded segment during incredible Super Bowl halftime show An army of 300 drones created Lady Gaga's Super Bowl performance backdrop The devices created a glittering American flag over the Houston skyline  Intel was behind the display and same system is used by Disney for 'fireworks' Segment was pre-recorded due to FAA rules making the stadium a no fly zone The tech company hopes to launch more fleets, with the capacity to control more than 10,000 drones at a time By Cheyenne Roundtree For Dailymail.com Published: 22:34 EST, 5 February 2017 | Updated: 16:14 EST, 6 February 2017 e-mail 6.5k shares 90 View comments Lady Gaga's incredible Super Bowl halftime show was due in part to Intel's fleet of 300 drones that helped create her dazzling performance. As the Dancing in the Dark hitmaker opened up the show, hundreds of drones soared behind her, flying high into formation to create stunning visuals over the Houston skyline. Intel was behind the stunning pre-recorded art display that transformed bobs of lights into a glittering flag and shimmering stars during the show on Sunday night. Scroll down for video  Lady Gaga's incredible Super Bowl halftime show was due in part to Intel's fleet of 300 drones that helped create her dazzling performance over the Houston skyline on Sunday night  The performance saw hundreds of the devices swirl and transform into different displays, including the Intel logo (left) and the American flag (right)  The project, dubbed Shooting Stars, was first used in a three-week run at Disney World over the holiday season.  They are all controlled by a single operating system, reported Tech Crunch. Although the halftime show only used 300 devices, the system is capable of controlling up to 10,000 drones at a time. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next The real reason we're tuning in: Budweiser, Kia and Audi... Tom Brady says his prayers as he dreams of a Super Bowl... Share this article Share However, because of strict FAA regulations around the Superbowl, it was actually filmed earlier this week. Restrictions placed on the area by the Federal Aviation Administration forbid drones from flying. 'Temporary Flight Restrictions will prohibit certain aircraft operations, including unmanned aircraft operations, or drones, within a 34.5-mile radius of NRG Stadium in downtown Houston, Texas on game day,' the FAA said. The drones have previously been used by Disney for 'Starbright Holiday Show – An Intel Collaboration' a 12 minute 'virtual firework' show that ran for eight weeks. 'The restrictions will be in effect from 4 p.m. to 11:59 p.m. on Sunday, Feb. 5.'  As Lady Gaga's performance began, Intel's Shooting Star drones created formations in the sky including twinkling stars that transformed into red and blue moving stars, before creating the American Flag for a dramatic finale that brought Lady Gaga to center stage on the field, before forming the Pepsi logo in the sky. The drones are a new type of unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV), specifically designed for entertainment purposes such as festivals and entertainment events, Intel said. They have previously been used by Disney for 'Starbright Holiday Show – An Intel Collaboration'  a 12 minute 'virtual firework' show that ran for eight weeks. The purpose-built quadcopter drone is built with safety in mind and equipped with LED lights that can create over 4 billion color combinations and easily be programmed for any animation. Each drone communicates wirelessly with a central computer to execute its dance routine, oblivious to what the hundreds of machines around it are doing, according to Wired.  'Lady Gaga and the Super Bowl creative team wanted to pull off something that had never been done before and we were able to combine Intel drone innovation with her artistry to pull off a truly unique experience,' said Josh Walden, senior vice president and general manager, New Technology Group, Intel.  'The potential for these light show drones is endless and we hope this experience inspires other creatives, artists and innovators to really think about how they can incorporate drone technology in new ways that have yet to even be thought of.'  Intel's Twitter account congratulated the performer on her mini concert and took credit for their involvement in the night's show.  The stunning pre-recorded art display that transformed bobs of lights to a glittering flag and shimmering stars Intel is reported to be launching the move from individual drone usage to larger fleet operations.  The light show was pre-recorded due to possible 'weather and environment issues' but Intel insists that doesn't mean the drones can't be used for live shows in the future, For The Win reported. The drones are lightweight and much less fancy looking than everyday drones. To take flight, they are propelled from launchpads Intel has been working on the drone project for the past two years with hopes its take on aerial performance would not just be limited to large-scale events, but expand to Fourth of July celebrations and 'sky branding'. The drones are lightweight and much less fancy looking than everyday drones.  To take flight, they are propelled from launchpads. The purpose-built quadcopter drone is built with safety in mind and equipped with LED lights that can create over 4 billion color combinations and easily be programmed for any animation. Tech Crunch reports that they take only 15 minutes to assemble, meaning hundreds can be put together in a relatively short time period. The news outlet also says the company plans for their fleet devices to be used also to complete tasks, such as rescue operations and inspecting goods.  Lady Gaga was the performer during the Super Bowl halftime show. The light show was pre-recorded due to possible 'weather and environment issues' but Intel insists that doesn't mean the drones can't be used for live shows in the future Read more: Intel powered the drones during Lady Gaga¿s Super Bowl halftime show | TechCrunch Yes, those were drones at Lady Gaga¿s Super Bowl 51 halftime show | For The Win Share or comment on this article e-mail 6.5k shares Most watched News videos Danielle Bregoli throws punches while boarding Spirit Airways Cameraman 'zooms in' on woman's breasts in 'see-through' swimsuit Caught on camera: Bystanders watch topless men fighting in street Moment Lindsay Hoyle and Alex Salmond scream at each other Danielle Bregoli discusses fighting a 'crack head' with her mom 'I don't take no s***': Bus driver kicks drunk man off bus Watch Barack Obama wipe out in kite surfing battle McConnell blocks Warren from reading letter from MLK's wife Footage shows hostile environment that Alexander Blackman endured Melissa McCarthy nails screeching Sean Spicer on SNL Danielle went viral after appearing on Dr Phil in 2016 Moment woman pops open her shirt by flexing her boobs Socialite Tara Palmer-Tomkinson, 45, dies at her London... 'She hit my mom and I need to whoop her right now:'... Barack Obam-AIR! New photos show former president... San Francisco transit janitor who makes more than $250K a... Woman accused of Photoshopping an engaged stranger's face... 'My intestines were out... and she was grabbing hold of... Snow could hit London TONIGHT and it's set to be a white... Chilling moment four women are stranded on a rock in the... Tara's devastating secret illness in her own words: How... Thinking of her breaststroke? Distracted cameraman... The astonishing moment a Zebra's head is left poking out... Bridge of sighs: Disgusted mother, 19, spots a couple... Visiting daddy at work! Ivanka shares sweet snap of her... New male contraceptive jab that works for TWO YEARS:... Iraqi girl, 10, is 'bitten to death' with medieval... Manchester City star John Stones splashes out £3.4million... Mother is sentenced to 16 years in prison for incest,... 92% of left-wing activists live with their parents and... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments (90) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63  Ageless beauty All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Quite a catch Can a mattress help you have better sex? From keeping you cool to the perfect bounce, how your bed could hold the key to your love life SPONSORED Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' granddaughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  13 months old Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame 'The love of my life': Cassadee Pope announces engagement to Rian Dawson with sweet snap as she shows off huge diamond ring Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham Non-stop party Vanderpump Rules' Stassi Schroeder shows off her skivvies in sheer frock at Nicole Miller's NYFW runway show She sat front row at the show on Friday A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Didn't let the snow ruin her trip  Lovebirds! Peter Facinelli and girlfriend Lily Anne Harrison pack on the PDA as they take a stroll in Los Angeles  Seems like things are still quite steamy Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips at a Hollywood hotspot Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man She did her best to keep a low profile Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world She is turning heads She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honoring Tom Petty She can't help but command the spotlight 'We are extremely happy': George Clooney's mom, Nina, gushes over what a 'great' dad her son will make as he and wife Amal expect twins She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA She looked gorgeous as ever New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly fashion week Braving the cold weather Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Seems to have forgotten an item of clothing Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Making a name for herself EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and wanting to meet Trump Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Johnny Depp's ex 'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics She's regularly seen with a fully made up face 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded The America's Got Talent host spoke out 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line She's proud of her figure 'I could die': Mama June Shannon vows there is a 'skinnier person inside' her as she undergoes surgery in new From Not to Hot trailer Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Sweat session with Kourtney and Khloe Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands Spotted out and about in Los Angeles Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Canine companions 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Scary dad Big city pretty! Snooki, JWOWW and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar They were seen getting their glam on Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3am' at West Hollywood bar Out with a friend Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble 36th birthday 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón Loved-up That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party in LA with former Miss USA Rima Fakih...who's the spitting image of his girlfriend Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Ivanka, Jared and their three children take their first flight on Air Force One to Mar-a-Lago as she carries purse and wears shoes from her own embattled label Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Found someone new? Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes' puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Racy outfit The Crown creator is 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the hit drama Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Very similar color palettes Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    Expecting their first child Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man before revealing she has split from husband Doug Hutchison, 56 Blonde reality star is 22 Duggars welcomes 'son' Tyler to the family while celebrating his birthday three months after Jim Bob and Michelle were declared his legal guardians Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Amber Rose and Val Chmerkovskiy 'split' almost five months after falling in love on Dancing With The Stars  Reportedly 'just too different' New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week New hair 'It's truly a miracle': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly on casual outing in Beverly Hills Her dress emphasized her baby bump The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals that he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat following their ugly split Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Classy look Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Used to spend hours reading comments about her appearance  How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk shows bump in sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Bradley Cooper girlfriend Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Backlash over show Trans teen Jazz Jennings is set to get her own DOLL as toy company announces the debut of 'genderless' toy made in the 16 year old's likeness Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' before calling  Call has been leaked Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his baby son River Rocket Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week The 30-year-old Aussie  'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals  top director pressured her to do nude scene - after insisting she needed a nose job It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Family trip! Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her mother and her children Jackson and August South African actress adopted both kids Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  While Kate Spade unveils a Parisian-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up pieces for the modern gal Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show Taking in New York Fashion Week Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Putting their money where their mouth is: Celebs go on shopping sprees at Nordstrom after Trump bashed retailer for dropping Ivanka's clothing line Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Plays a brutal assassin  Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga following her Super Bowl show Color in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  Features 31 outfits Kate and Wills planning a third baby? Harry and Meghan's engagement? Charles facing new embarrassment over Diana? What's going on behind the new hedge  How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Sarah Ferguson is going by her middle name Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in white dress as she cozies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Hang on Sloopy rocker is charged with taking a loaded gun in his carry-on bag on a Delta flight to Atlanta Rick Derringer was flying from Cancun, Mexico Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot Two friends and daughters of A-listers  Movie theater says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Arousing passions Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Adorable photo  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress in Berlin... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars The Girls star, 28. Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the brand at just 12 The Stranger Things star Ivanka's new life in DC: Visits to her kids' new schools, Flywheel classes, meetings with Mark Zuckerberg's wife and weekly date nights with husband Jared 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Chatting on Ellen show   Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name EXCLUSIVE: Anna Nicole's bodyguard 'Big Moe' tells how he frantically tried to revive her and admits he and star's inner circle were 'enablers'  Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at New York Fashion Week Not wanted! NeNe Leakes jets out of New York amid claims RHOA co-stars are angry she's returning with Kim Zolciak Tensions are rising 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Things didn't go to plan 'It's been a double whammy': Whoopi Goldberg says she didn't realize how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths  Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed coat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere EXCLUSIVE Drake spends a whopping $750 on chicken takeouts in a late night visit to Leeds branch of Nando's fast food restaurant in England 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge The hunky Irish actor Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  Beyonce's sister, 30 How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill Showing off some cleavage while playing Gloria  Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' The actor's He Will Not Divide Us exhibit  Managers threatening to sue Blac Chyna for $3m target producers of her reality show with Rob Kardashian They've sent cease and desist letters Rosie O'Donnell transforms into Trump's adviser Steve Bannon on her Twitter profile after volunteering for SNL role Stunning likeness Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked pants and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in an oversized shearling coat after flashing sexy underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in London Can YOU identify these stars from their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Taylor Swift has perfect pair Getting a gift for the grandkids? Amal Clooney's mom Baria is pictured going into a children's bookstore as it's revealed A-listers are expecting twins PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's London apartment  Making an entrance! Fans go wild as The Bold and The Beautiful stars led by Jacqueline MacInnes Wood and Don Diamont make trip Down Under  Chelsea Handler mocks Trump and Ivanka by posing outside the White House clutching Nordstrom bags The talk show queen Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Flashed plenty of skin  When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini dress and matching pajama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty look uncomfortable as they dodge TV show question about Meghan Markle and Prince Harry  NY Giants star Odell Beckham Jr is robbed of shoes, cash and jewelry after 'leaving a bag at a friend's house in Houston' during the Super Bowl 'Well today was a bit warm!' Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts her bikini body at the beach in scorching hot Sydney  The 25-year-old lawyer turned Instagram model  LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorizes with a quirky clutch 'Sadder than any break-up': Lena Dunham talks about final season of her hit show Girls in candid chat on Inside The Actors Studio An emotional time Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Turning heads 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Very exciting news Peekaboo! Emily Ratajkowski flashes side boob while Hailey Baldwin shows off her pert derriere at New York Fashion Week The stunning models  Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cozy up to each other on the red carpet for The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Good genes! Kelsey and Camille Grammer's daughter Mason, 15, struts her stuff on catwalk for NYFW It looks like talent runs in the family She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in support to brand ambassador husband David following email hacking scandal Delighted Matt Damon reveals he was close to tears after George Clooney told him Amal's twin pregnancy secret when she was just 8 weeks along 'I'm in love!': Kourtney Kardashian bonds with niece Dream... and Penelope gets a squeeze in too Enamored with her brother Rob's daughter Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three The hit PBS show Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking Little Mix singer Jade Thirlwall shows off enviably slender figure in racy tour costume... hours after bandmate Jesy Nelson flaunted her abs in saucy underwear  Katie Holmes shimmies up a storm in her fringed Marchesa frock at red-themed NYFW event Whipped her fringed frock into a frenzy Sister summit! TV siblings Jessica Biel, Beverley Mitchell, and Mackenzie Rosman meet up for 7th Heaven reunion It's been ten years  Brit bombshells! Suki Waterhouse goes braless in perilously plunging jumpsuit while Lottie Moss parades her toned legs in sexy mini dress for fashion event 'I have a right to make that judgment': The Bachelor's Nick Viall defends decision to keep free-spirit Corinne on the show Fiery words Bite me! Ariana Grande's brother Frankie chomps on chain as he storms down the runway in head-to-toe glitter during New York Fashion Week  Red hot! Iskra Lawrence displays her sensational curves in figure-hugging scarlet frock as she arrives at star-studded charity catwalk during NYFW Larry Birkhead says daughter Dannielynn is 'fearless' just like her mother Anna Nicole Smith as he opens up about the model on 10th anniversary of her death Kourtney Kardashian meets up with ex Scott Disick after reality star parties poolside with ladies in Miami Spotted at an office in West Hollywood 'I was very much the same': Khloe Kardashian empathizes with 'ride or die' Tiffany Morgan on Revenge Body Reality star's new show     DON'T MISS Legs eleven! Stella Maxwell showcases slim pins in strapless blue mini as she hits runway for La Perla NYFW show Accentuated her features Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  Gal pals! Jenna Dewan Tatum smiles broadly as she spends quality time with daughter Everly The 36-year-old Step Up actress wore a star print mini dress  Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal The 17-year-old student and photographer  'There is certainly a lot more pressure on the girls to be thinner now': Cindy Crawford confesses to loving carbs and needing chocolate 'everyday'  'She's a mom with an insanely busy career': Jennifer Lopez and Drake's hot and heavy romance 'fizzled out' due to hectic schedules Amazingly ab-tatsic! Halle Berry's ex Gabriel Aubry puts on a muscle-bound show as he goes for a run  He got pulses racing with some cardio Good genes! Ashlee Simpson and husband Evan Ross coordinate in denim while running errands with daughter Jagger in LA Paris Jackson bonds with mother Debbie Rowe as she recuperates after finishing chemotherapy Posted a picture of the pair together Runway reveal! Paris Hilton flashes underboob on the Christian Cowan catwalk at NYFW Showcased her perky God-given assets Happy name change day! Khloe Kardashian celebrates no longer being an Odom with a drivers licence cake Dropped her ex husband Lamar Odom's moniker In the navy! Naomi Campbell looks fantastic in a blue nightie-inspired number on catwalk of La Perla NYFW event Beyonce has best seat at this Sunday's Grammy Awards... as Kanye and Bieber skip the 'irrelevant' ceremony Pregnant pop diva 'We're taking it slow': JoJo Fletcher dishes on life off-screen with Jordan Rodgers and shares Galentine's Day party tips with Access Hollywood Live Famously Single...again! Malika Haqq and Ronnie Magro have split after briefly hooking up on the reality show Met on Famously Single Ready FUR the runway! Keri Russell dons distinctive wintry hat and knit jacket for Rag and Bone NYFW party with partner Matthew Rhys So in love! John Legend holds Chrissy Teigen's hand as they take their little daughter Luna out for lunch The couple looked every inch the proud parents That must have been one long massage! Cameron Diaz leaves parlor with marks on her face from head rest after pampering session Mellow Thursday 'Finishing touches to my heart:' Christina Aguilera gives update on her new album with a breathtaking photo Shared a picture of herself sat at her piano Not so Shameless! Emmy Rossum cuts an elegant figure in a patterned silver midi at About Elly screening in New York Hit the red carpet 'I peed on a stick and I'm going to be a mom!' Hills' star Whitney Port reveals she is pregnant with her first child The star announced her big baby news Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumors they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis School's out for winter! Naomi Watts and her lookalike son Alexander, 9, spend a day in the snow as Winter Storm Niko closes schools down To dye for! Ashley Tisdale debuts new dark 'do and shows off her legs in thigh high boots during outing with niece Making her mark with good hair EXCLUSIVE: Chelsea Clinton's husband enjoys an afternoon at a bar with a friend after it's revealed his hedge fund closed last year  Marc Mezvinsky What a stylish squad! Olivia Culpo, Alexa Chung and Leigh Lezark coordinate in neutral tones for Noon By Noor's Fall 2017 fashion show Fashionable beauties A twist on the classic LBD! Courteney Cox shows off her sculpted legs in belted dress for a trip to the salon  Wore a button-up black dress with ballet flats 'Are you being watched?': Emma Watson and Tom Hanks deal with the dark side of technology in new trailer for The Circle It runs in the family! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus rocks stylish black maxi dress at Billboard Power 100 celebration in LA A night to remember Model look! The Bold and the Beautiful's Jacqueline MacInnes Wood channels Gigi Hadid in midriff-baring sweater and drop crotch pants Scandalous! Kerry Washington slips into a sexy leather zip-up dress for Jimmy Kimmel Live Welcomed her second child four months ago Kim Kardashian shares adorable throwback snap of her soccer team... which was coached by her late father Robert Points out herself Mariah Carey 'struggling to sell tickets for upcoming tour' following her disastrous New Year's gig Upcoming tour might be shaping up to be a flop 'He's tense, he's angry, he's p*ssed off': Alec Baldwin tells wife Hilaria that playing President Donald Trump is 'not fun' Making SNL a hit again Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration 'She did a great f***ing job': Selena Quintanilla's widower Chris Perez gushes over Jennifer Lopez's portrayal as he watches Selena film for first time Michael Jackson's cousin Trent claims restraining order filed by aunt Katherine is a result of family money grab Hitting back Joan Smalls stuns in lacy black romper as she rocks runway at La Perla NYFW show She looked absolutely stunning as she strutted down the catwalk 'Stay humble': Sailor Brinkley Cook posts flashback to her childhood after revealing she struggled with body image growing up  She had 'baby fat' Her boogie shoes! Elle King is ready to jive in sparkling platform heels at star studded Grammy celebration in LA The remarkably talented 27-year-old songstress Olivia Palermo takes on New York's snow in a fur coat for fashion duty at Banana Republic The reality star was seen on the streets of New York in a black fur coat Shining star: Jennifer Lopez lights up the stage while paying tribute to her kids during Las Vegas residency concert Instagram video Beaming beauty! Amy Adams shows off toned legs in skintight jeans with a floral top and taupe blazer during shopping trip in LA Bare-faced  DJ Khaled faces lawsuit for allegedly stealing beats for 2016 hit single I Got The Keys featuring Jay Z and Future Rapper has been sued New mom Janet Jackson covers up her post-baby figure with a lavish fur cloak as she steps out in London carrying a $60,000 Hermes bag She's all paid up! Teresa Giudice has completely restored the $414,588 tax debt that was part of her sentence Fraud charges Let's get spiritual! Kourtney Kardashian reunites with former fling Justin Bieber at church after Scott's romps with models She's 37, he's 22 Love Game! Lady Gaga is dating CAA talent agent Christian Carino Mystery man's identity revealed days after they were spotted cozying up Looking a bit of all white! Supermodel Cindy Crawford, 50, shows off her age-defying beauty and svelte frame in a sexy cut-out frock at Sydney event It's official! George Clooney, 55, and wife Amal, 39, are expecting TWINS in June  The human rights lawyer has been showing off a baby bump Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Go find another cause to exploit': Joshua Sasse SLAMMED for his opportunistic 'support' of gay marriage during engagement to Kylie Minogue Madonna arrives home with her newly adopted twins from Malawi who are welcomed to NYC with their first blizzard  The pop star, 58, adopted  four-year-olds  Nina Dobrev puts on a thigh-skimming display in a green patterned minidress as she attends xXx: Return of Xander Cage press event in Beijing   Are you feeling all-white, Rita? Ora trades her VERY busty premiere dress for conservative polo neck as she changes for Fifty Shades afterparty Formula 1 heiress Tamara Ecclestone launches impassioned rant about 'sexualizing breastfeeding' as she continues to nurse Sophia at almost 3  Suddenly shy! Lady Gaga covers her face while leaving the Kardashian's favorite skin care and cosmetic surgery salon Under the radar Lady Gaga sensually drapes herself over car as she rocks thigh-high PVC boots and hot pants in new John Wayne music video Released full version  The Late Late Show's James Corden rolls out Grammys red carpet days ahead of hosting annual music awards Said he was 'honored to be hosting' the show 'I want to be the love interest, I want to put on heels!' OITNB's Danielle Brooks calls for the TV industry to change its stereotypical portrayal of women Debonair Colin Firth shows off his specs appeal as he cuddles up to wife Livia at BAFTA 2017 gala dinner They are still the picture of happiness Pregnant Amanda Seyfried takes her dog out for a walk and pampers herself at the hair salon She was dressed down in a pair of fitted sweats Hillary Clinton was 'replaced on Vogue cover by Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner after election loss' as fashion bible reveals it plans to cover First Lady Under Armour under fire: Celebrity endorsers Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson and Misty Copeland back Steph Curry in disavowing CEO's pro-Trump stance Like mother, like daughter: Actress Ruby Rose bears a striking resemblance to mother in tender Instagram snap Close bond 'I'm flattered': Todd Chrisley welcomes gay rumors while joking he will 'never have a drought' The reality star has been married for 20 years   As Erin Fetherston brings romanticism and ethereality to New York Fashion Week, Tadashi Shoji urges you to leave your inhibitions behind NYFW has begun 'Blame it on the other person!' Mariah Carey dishes break-up advice following split from James Packer The diva spoke about how to get over them Rachel McCord sizzles in teeny tiny bikini for beach photo shoot inspired by those racy Carl's Jr. commercials The 26-year-old actress was seen in Venice, CA 'From its dominant top to its submissive bottom, it's utterly ridiculous': Audience LAUGHS at 'Fifty Shades Darker' screening with critics panning the flick 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel At times downright limp, writes Brian Viner Bristol Palin's husband Dakota Meyer shares photo of himself sporting a 'Hillary For Prison' cap, after she posts a sweet snap of their baby Sailor Grace Reese Witherspoon shares photo of herself posing with lookalike 17-year-old daughter Ava - and leaves the internet baffled about who is who He's Prince Popular! Charles is mobbed by celebrity admirers as he hosts a gala reception for his trust in London Prince Charles was the life and soul of the party 'They don't like hearing that back home': Ruby Rose hints at tall poppy syndrome in Australia saying she'll 'get in trouble' for calling herself 'famous' Kylie Minogue shows Joshua Sasse what he's missing as she reclines on a bed in a tiny satin nightie in her first photoshoot since split from ex-fiancé Jubilant Rocco Ritchie steps out with girlfriend Kim Turnbull... as he celebrates becoming a big brother again after mum Madonna's adoption The look of love! Anwar Hadid plants a kiss on new girlfriend Nicola Peltz...as he supports sisters Gigi and Bella at Tommy Hilfiger show New couple 'Never say never': Actress Miranda Otto teases Kiefer Sutherland's return as Jack Bauer in new 24 spinoff series Fans could be in for treat 'It's a bizarre situation': Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian still living separately despite engagement and have not discussed wedding details Sports Illustrated's Hailey Clauson teases a glimpse of her ample bust as she models VERY raunchy swimsuit Used just her hands to protect her modest SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Sting's son's support act for sleepy dad: Bassist grabs some shut eye by using his shoulder as a head rest  'I was completely freaking out': Kelly Clarkson reveals she had a CANCER scare on the day of her first Grammy Awards win Opening up for first time  Selena Gomez continues her chic fashion streak in long white coat and black boots in snowy New York Has new Netflix show 'It feels like a racial issue': Jason Derulo slams American Airlines after being 'disrespected' by captain and met with 15 cops after disembarking 'I've always been a believer honest, frank conversations': Brooke Shields lands her own radio show on SiriusXM Something different for the 51-year-old actress  Viva Forever! Busy Philipps shares throwback snap of herself embracing Spice Girl glamour in 1998 The 37-year-old chanelling girl group Christie Brinkley's ex, 58, pictured cuddling up to a 21-year-old college student who he pursued through Instagram and she's just three years older than his daughter Today's headlines Most Read 'I love all my moms': Hundreds of polygamists led by the family from 'Sister Wives' descend on steps of Utah... Black high school basketball players are harassed by 60 students dressed up for 'Hick Night' chanting 'Build... World's eighth biggest spammer, who is responsible for sending more than a million spam emails, faces... 'He's gone. He's blue': Leaked recording of Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that George Michael's... The Supper Bowl! The Trumps, the Japanese prime minister and his wife are joined by New England Patriots... Hundreds of illegal immigrants arrested across six states this week in what officials say are 'routine'... Trump says a 'brand new' immigration order could come as soon as MONDAY – as the White House looks to avoid... From Russia with love: Putin 'considering returning Edward Snowden' to the US as a 'gift' to Trump Michael Flynn's top aide is fired from National Security Council as tensions escalate over his discussions... Protesters block newly-installed education secretary Betsy DeVos from entering the first school she tries to... That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall'... Trump laughed and nodded along during the Japanese PM's speech during Friday's press conference because 'he... Trump pulls in Japanese prime minister for a handhold as Shinzo Abe arrives at White House for bilateral... Getting away from it all! Ivanka carries a purse and wears shoes from her own under fire label as she, Jared... Gym owner goes after Ivanka Trump on Facebook after finding out the first daughter used an alias to sign up... Trump stuns lawmakers by claiming he and former Senator Ayotte would have both won New Hampshire if not for... Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food... Parts of Trump 'dirty dossier' HAVE been verified by investigators - but NOT the most salacious details... How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and... Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley... Jared Kushner's younger brother Joshua 'has a preliminary agreement to buy the Miami Marlins baseball team... Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' Ole Miss student, 21, HEADBUTTS a cop, breaking his nose, as he is taken into a cell for 'robbing a store... Little Caesars creator and Detroit Red Wings and Tigers owner dies aged 87 after amassing a fortune worth... Babysitter, 28, who took two kids to rob a Colorado bank because she needed money to pay fines for another... 'He put a chain around my neck': Woman held captive for two months in a metal shipping crate breaks her... The 'selfie paradox': Study finds people hate looking at them on other people's feeds - but still post their... Upping your intake of fruit and vegetables can improve your mood within just TWO weeks, study finds Bounty hunters chasing immigrants on horses, a 110-mile razor fence and bans on new mosques: ANDREW MALONE... MORE HEADLINES Furious wife frogmarches a love rival NAKED through the streets after catching her in bed with her husband  Screaming in pain in front of a cheering crowd before collapsing in agony, a woman is lashed with a cane in rare footage of Indonesia's brutal Sharia law punishment Trump says a 'brand new' immigration order could come as soon as MONDAY – as the White House looks to avoid a Supreme Court fight and craft a new plan The Supper Bowl! The Trumps, the Japanese prime minister and his wife are joined by New England Patriots owner for dinner at Mar-a-Lago after the First Family fly to Florida on Air Force One ISIS guard reveals he quit the group after witnessing a 15-year-old sex slave raped so horrifically that she bled to death Gym owner goes after Ivanka Trump on Facebook after finding out the first daughter used an alias to sign up for a class Protesters block newly-installed education secretary Betsy DeVos from entering the first school she tries to visit, forcing her to sneak in via a side entrance  EXCLUSIVE: 'I am haunted by the moment I saw her slipping away.' Anna Nicole Smith's bodyguard 'Big Moe' tells how he frantically tried to revive her and admits he and star's inner circle were 'enablers'  'He put a chain around my neck': Woman held captive for two months in a metal shipping crate breaks her silence about being raped and tortured by a suspected serial killer White Louisiana judge is banned from a local restaurant after he 'called a black customer the N-word' College freshman, 18, is found dead in her dorm room after a night of binge-drinking vodka and 'pre-gaming' with champagne 'It's truly a miracle': Britney Spears and family rejoice as Jamie Lynn's daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Ivanka's new life in DC: Visits to her children's new schools, Flywheel classes, private meetings with Mark Zuckerberg's wife Priscilla Chan and weekly date nights with husband Jared Why you should never annoy an elephant! Tourist who tried to wash beast’s trunk is sent flying through the air in display of incredible power (and rage) Cash Me Ousside girl's father speaks: Florida Sheriff's deputy who had stormy relationship with teen's mother says he is 'appalled' by the videos as she reappears on Dr Phil Snakes alive! Terrifying moment a wild Cobra HEADBUTTS a window to get at kittens cowering inside No point in shoveling out! ANOTHER storm is set to hit the Northeast just three days after storm dropped up to two feet of snow on the region  EXCLUSIVE: Child sex abuse victim who sued Netflix for 're-traumatizing' her by releasing a documentary on human trafficking using her real name and personal photos has dropped the suit in what her lawyer calls a 'strategic decision' What a WHOPPER! 'Cheating boyfriend' is caught out after he complains on Burger King's Instagram that 'his girl' waited 20 minutes at a Drive-Thru - and his actual girlfriend spots the post From Russia with love: Putin 'considering returning Edward Snowden' to the US as a 'gift' to Trump Every day's a school day for these kids! Family of five move into a disused SCHOOL BUS which they bought for $3,000 and converted into their home  'Ever since her death, she sends me butterflies': Anna Nicole Smith's daughter Dannielynn reveals how the mother she never knew stays close to her heart on 10th anniversary of her death Kate and Wills planning a third baby? Harry and Meghan's engagement? Charles facing new embarrassment over Diana? What's really going on behind the royals' new £20,000 hedge  Two Afghans are arrested after 'trapping two girls in a swimming pool water-chute so they could sexually abuse them' in latest alleged migrant sex attack Ole Miss student, 21, HEADBUTTS a cop, breaking his nose, as he is taken into a cell for 'robbing a store clerk while high on new drug gravel'  Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Woman, 80, was stopped by the TSA because her cane concealed a SWORD - and she had no idea How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 percent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Help Make A Great 2017: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Mesa Threaded OpenGL Dispatch Finally Landing, Big Perf Win For Some Games Written by Michael Larabel in Mesa on 5 February 2017 at 09:37 PM EST. 53 Comments Four years ago Intel developers were working on a threaded OpenGL dispatch mechanism for Mesa, but it never ended up being merged. Now, prolific Mesa contributor and AMD developer Marek Olšák is looking to merge this code and clean it up. The "glthread" work started 4+ years ago by Intel to queue and execute OpenGL calls in a different CPU thread. This effort was designed to deal with higher CPU overhead of Mesa, but at the time it wasn't too helpful with the available Linux games of the time. The Mesa threading plan... Back in 2013, finally being realized in 2017. A few years later and the increasing number of demanding Linux games, Marek is looking to revive the "glthread" code and ship it in mainline Mesa. Several modern Linux games can now run better with this threaded OpenGL dispatch feature, such as Borderlands 2 is one game that's named for seeing much better performance. Borderlands 2 can be faster by around 70% in some cases, Marek has been working on the revised code on and off the past few months. Marek is planning to land this code soon into mainline Mesa and from there to clean it up and further enhance its abilities while in the Mesa Git code. This threaded GL dispatch mode is disabled by default but once it lands can be turned on via a drirc toggle (glthread) or environment variable. This will work with all Gallium3D drivers while Marek is leaving it to the Intel developers if they want to land the patches that would allow the support for their classic Mesa DRI driver. 53 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Mesa News Mesa RFC Changes To Help Worms WMD, Tropico 5 & Crookz Valve Planning To Carry Mesa GL Thread Feature On SteamOS, Per-Game Features RadeonSI Working Toward Better Rocket League Performance Another Potential CPU Optimization For Mesa: Quadratic Probing Threaded GL Dispatch Code For Mesa Sent Out For Review RADV Fast Clears Land In Mesa Git, Fresh Vulkan Linux Benchmarks Imminent Popular News Gentoo Developer: Is The Linux Desktop Less Secure Than Windows 10? DiRT Rally Coming To Linux Next Month Microsoft Announces Git Virtual File-System (GVFS) Debian 9.0 Stretch Is Now Frozen NVIDIA 375.27.08 Vulkan Driver Released OpenGL Shader Cache Support For RadeonSI Is Making Progress Latest Linux News Fedora 27 Scheduled To Be Released On Halloween Trying Nouveau NVC0 Gallium3D With Civilization 6 On Mesa 17.1 Intel Prepares For Mainline GVT-g Graphics Virtualization Support Radeon GPU Analyzer Open-Sourced: Analyze OpenGL / Vulkan / OpenCL Mesa RFC Changes To Help Worms WMD, Tropico 5 & Crookz Valve Planning To Carry Mesa GL Thread Feature On SteamOS, Per-Game Features AMDGPU DC/DAL Code Receives Atomic Improvements Munich Said To Be Moving Away From Linux/LiMux, Back To Microsoft Trying Intel Kabylake Graphics With Civilization VI On Ubuntu Linux The Future Of Android-x86 Is In Question Latest Featured Articles Mesa 17.0 Benchmarks With Intel: Noticeably Better Vulkan Performance Server/Workstation Tests: Antergos vs. Clear Linux vs. Fedora vs. Scientific Linux vs. Ubuntu vs. openSUSE RadeonSI Performance For Civilization VI On Linux With Mesa 17.1 + Linux 4.10 14-Way NVIDIA GPU Comparison With Civilization VI On Linux Mesa 13.0 vs. 17.0 Performance For RADV/RadeonSI: Big Gains For Vulkan, OpenGL Boosts Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Driving The Epic 2017 Nissan GT-R Phone Reviews Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review Battle Of The Cheap Smartphones: OnePlus 3T Vs LeEco Le Pro3 LG V20: Australian Review Sony Xperia XZ: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific URB-E Electric Scooter: Australian Review This Folding Bike Has Built-In GPS To Track Your Rides This Handheld Scanner Was Supposed To Change My Life, But I've Never Been More Disappointed In A Gadget Gaming Reviews Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Razer's eSports Gear Didn't Make Me Want To Play An eSport, But It Sure Is Nice Anyway Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Australian Review Entertainment Reviews Suspiria Is Just As Terrifying And Fantastic Now As It Was 40 Years Ago Jabra Elite Sport: Australian Review Apple AirPods: Australian Review Syfy's Channel Zero: Candle Cove Serves Up Dread Up Until The End BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Cinder Precision Grill Review: Someone Finally Made An Electric Grill That Doesn't Suck Suspiria Is Just As Terrifying And Fantastic Now As It Was 40 Years Ago Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets Gadgets Jeff Bezos Talks To Alexa On The Can NSW Heatwave Causes Power Outages In Sydney The F-35 Will Visit Australia For The Avalon Air Show Oculus' No Good Year Continues With Hundreds Of Demo Stations Shutting Down Mobile Google Adds 'Automagical' Instant Tethering To Pixel And Newer Nexus Phones Samsung Galaxy A5, A7: Australian Price And Release Date Lessons From The Sexting App Whose Partyboy CEO Blew Millions Before Burning Out One In Ten Aussies Admit To Checking Their Phone During Sex Car Tech Dodge Is Giving Its New Police Cruiser Some Very RoboCop Upgrades The Chinese Ford Raptor Website Is Profound And Crazy At The Same Time Elon Musk Responds To Claims Of Low Pay, Injuries And Anti-Union Policies At Tesla Plant Stare At The 2018 Ford Mustang And Decide If It's An Improvement Online Report: Facebook Agrees To Independent Audit After Admitting It Screwed Up Its Metrics Ecuador Can't Wait For Adult Son Julian Assange To Move Out Snap CEO's Supermodel Fiancée Is Sick Of Facebook Stealing Her Man's Ideas The Guy Who Makes Sure Trump Doesn't Get Hacked No Longer Works At The White House Science & Health This One Weird Face Trick Helps Sailfish Wreck The Crap Out Of Prey Quinoa Shouldn't Be A Rich People Food Airship Maker Vows Giant Flying Arse Will Rise Again Can We Charge Batteries With Greenhouse Gases? Cameras Genius Professor Turns His Classroom Into A Giant Pinhole Camera Lady Gaga's Halftime Superbowl Show Was Lit By Intel Drones $US373 Million Loss For GoPro Stings On The Back Of Karma Drone Recall Snapchat Files For A $30 Billion IPO, Despite Losing A Ton Of Money Computing Don't Waste Money On Intel's Top Processor Deals: Today Only! Save 70% On These Online Courses How To Save An Old Laptop By Installing This Free OS Microsoft Kicked In $250,000 For Trump's Big Party Before Speaking Out Against 'Muslim Ban' Gaming The Nintendo Classic Mini NES Is Back! Back! BACK! Australia Still Doesn't Have John Wick 2, But We Do Have A John Wick Virtual Reality Game How I Convinced Myself To Buy My First Gaming PC How A Video Game Chat Client Became The Web's New Cesspool Of Abuse Entertainment This Is How Lame You Look Trying To Be Cool Online The Latest Slut-Shaming Episode Was Everything Good And Bad About Riverdale If This Really Is Bruce Springsteen's Lost Harry Potter Song, It Is Wickedly Terrible The Halloween Remake Will Come From The Minds Behind Eastbound And Down Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment NSW Heatwave Causes Power Outages In Sydney Gizmodo Movie Night: Romantic Flicks That Probably Won't Make You Vomit Buckle Up, Australia: The Air Is Made Of Fire Save Money On Virgin Australia Business Class Flights This Weekend Lady Gaga's Halftime Superbowl Show Was Lit By Intel Drones Campbell Simpson Feb 6, 2017, 12:45pm ⋅ Filed to:  Australian Stories drones intel lady gaga pepsi pepsi max pepsi max i really like you please send me pepsi max Share Lady Gaga, who is actually Satan, performed at this year's #PepsiHalftime Superbowl halftime show. Her awesome set was kicked off by a solo in front of a night sky filled with Intel drones, and it looked great. WOW. Amazing.@ladygaga's #PepsiHalftime Show! 👏#SB51 https://t.co/z9vCKRBKkC — NFL (@NFL) February 6, 2017 You can see the drones in the background of the video from around 0:30 in, and they do their thing up until around 1:10 when Lady Gaga decides to jump into the stadium. Intel's drone fleet is great: it pulls off synchronised moves set to music, and it looked just as good at the Superbowl as it did during Vivid Sydney last year: Intel's Choreographed Drone Light Show Is Coming To Vivid Sydney Look Behind The Scenes At Intel's Vivid Sydney 100-Drone Acrobatic Performance Intel's 'Shooting Star' Drones Break World Record With Amazing Light Show This year's #PepsiHalftime Superbowl Halftime Show Powered By Lady Gaga Powered By Intel Powered By Powerthirst Powered By 6th Generation Intel Core Processors Powered by Low-Calorie Sugar-Free Pepsi Max, Max Your Summer, #MaxYourSummer, was actually pretty awesome. We'll post an official video if and when one appears around the 'net. Until then, enjoy the drones. Did you see those @intel drones light it up? #PepsiHalfTime #SB51 pic.twitter.com/cyNtRhZ2II — NFL (@NFL) February 6, 2017 Our drones have returned to the ground after an amazing #PepsiHalftime show #ExperienceMore pic.twitter.com/Augpbt05u6 — Intel (@intel) February 6, 2017 Pepsi, I have done your bidding. Please send me all the Pespi Max in the world. Thank you. Comments dinosaurhorse @dinosaurhorse Feb 6, 2017, 1:27pm Her awesome set was kicked off by a solo in front of In front of what? Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log in Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Buckle Up, Australia: The Air Is Made Of Fire Rae Johnston 10 Feb 2017 8:15 AM The Australia Bureau of Meteorology's heatwave service is working overtime as the country braces for temperatures of up to 47 degrees Celsius over the weekend. Preparation is key, so here's some practical tips on how to deal with the heat, from experts (and us). BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Campbell Simpson 10 Feb 2017 11:00 AM Built from recycled materials, powered by an efficient electric motor, and now with a larger battery that promises to handle almost any long-distance journey without breaking a sweat, the BMW i3 is one of the most environmentally friendly cars you can buy. It's efficient when you drive it, and at the end of its life cycle a full 95 per cent can be returned to the earth from whence it came. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Today Only! Save 70% On These Online Courses Deals: These Magnetic Wireless Headphones Are Perfect For Hassle Free Listening Deals: You Can Get Motion Sensor Lights For Your Toilet Now Deals: Extend the Life of Your PC with This All-in-One Software Trending Articles 1 Buckle Up, Australia: The Air Is Made Of Fire 2 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review 3 How To Watch Today's Ultra Rare Eclipse And Comet Flyby 4 Australia Still Doesn't Have John Wick 2, But We Do Have An Honest Trailer For John Wick 5 This Is How Lame You Look Trying To Be Cool Online This Is How Lame You Look Trying To Be Cool Online The Latest Slut-Shaming Episode Was Everything Good And Bad About Riverdale If This Really Is Bruce Springsteen's Lost Harry Potter Song, It Is Wickedly Terrible Quinoa Shouldn't Be A Rich People Food Overwatch Voice Actor: Mercy + Genji Would Be 'Hot As F**k' Steve Rogers' Supervillainy Will No Longer Be A Secret In Secret Empire Why Valve Loves Making PC Games Nioh's Sloth Magic Turns Bosses Into Jokes 12 Games To Test Your New PC Why Microsoft Releases 'New' Drivers Dated In The Distant Past Pack 'Outfit Rolls' For A Smoother Family Holiday Automatically Clean Out Dead Bookmarks In Firefox And Chrome US immigration agents arrest hundreds in surprise nationwide sweep This tiny device can record everything you say and transcribe it for you There are still 5 good reasons to use a desktop computer I stayed in a tiny house, and it made me want to throw out everything I own © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Startup BattlefieldWe're Accepting Applications for Startup Battlefield At Disrupt NY Apply Today Intel Intel inexplicably makes jobs announcement in round room with very nice curtains Intel report on hacking says Russian interference with US election was ‘boldest yet’ Intel shows off new Project Alloy headset for “merged reality”, to ship in Q4 Browse more... Intel powered the drones during Lady Gaga’s Super Bowl halftime show Posted Feb 5, 2017 by Matt Burns (@mjburnsy) 0 SHARES Next Story Keys to ascending the consumer-internet throne There were 300 drones dancing behind Lady Gaga during the Super Bowl halftime show. They’re called Shooting Stars and were previously used in a holiday show at Disney World. These hundreds of Shooting Star drones flash, fall and flock in unison and are all controlled by one person — or rather one computer. This is the latest project in Intel’s quest to take drones from individuals to fleets. This is Ender’s Game brought to life. Just as in Orson Scott Card’s book, one person commands the group, sending instructions and monitoring the drones’ health. And Intel says its limitless in its scale, able to control more than 10,000 drones at a time. One of the secret to Intel’s Shooting Star program is a desktop software suite of programs. The drones’ routes are pre-programmed and each drone does its own thing. The drones do not talk to each other and they lack the hardware to detect collisions. The software determines routes that eliminates collisions. The drones are simple. They’re about the weight of a volleyball. The housing is Styrofoam and there are simple metal cages around the four props. They are designed to be assembled in less than 15 minutes and Intel builds the drones in a facility in Germany. There are no screws and everything snaps together. And then on the bottom of the drone is the large, multicolored LED light that paints the sky. intel-shooting-star-4-of-4 intel-shooting-star-5-of-4 intel-shooting-star-3-of-4 intel-shooting-star-2-of-2  View Slideshow Previous Next Exit Intel turned to Disney to first showcase the technology and in December I got a behind the scenes look at the program prior to its first show. The show itself is neat, as everyone who watched the Super Bowl saw, but the most impressive part wasn’t broadcasted on TV. The drones take off from launchpads like fireflies. Several drones sit an inch apart on each launchpad. The Shooting Star drones rest in divots designed to cup the round LED housing, which also features the charging contacts for the drones. And they take off, en masse. One after another, seemingly randomly throughout the cluster of launchpads. A quick moment separates each launch as the drones take their position in the air prior to the show. At the Disney show, Intel had twice the amount of drones on site and ready to fly resulting in 600 drones sitting on these launchpads. The software determines which drones are best charged and ready for flight. Intel has been working on this program for the past two years. In late 2015 Intel partnered with small group of artists and technology researchers at Ars Electronica Futurelab in Linz, Austria, and sent 100 drones into the air. Four pilots controlled the 100 drones, that launched from four different airfields. Then in late 2016, prior to the first show at Disney World, Intel demonstrated a new generation of the platform, launching 500 drones at once. Intel envisions a future where drones fly in fleets to accomplish tasks. The same software that Intel and Disney are using to put on a colorful aerial show could be used in search and rescue operations or inspecting equipment and goods. Imagine a squadron of several drones using scanning software — like Intel’s RealSense platform — to inspect an airplane or water tower. Or a force of these drones creating a floating LED screen. But right now the drones are simply flying backup dancers. Intel and Disney Paint The Sky 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Intel Founded 1968 Overview Intel designs, manufactures, and sells integrated digital technology platforms worldwide. The company operates through PC client, data center, Internet of Things, mobile and communications groups; software and services; and all other segments. Its platforms are used in various computing applications comprising notebooks, desktops, servers, tablets, smartphones, wireless and wired connectivity products, … Location Santa Clara, CA Categories Semiconductor, Hardware, Software, Manufacturing Website http://www.intel.com/ Full profile for Intel Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Prince Returns To Spotify | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Intel Popular Posts Featured Stories Prince Returns To Spotify | Crunch Report VIDEO | 2:38 | Crunch Report Carl Bass on his surprising Autodesk exit — and what’s next 12 hours ago | Connie Loizos Uncorking innovation with Treasury Wine Estates in Napa 13 hours ago | Lora Kolodny Beats X bring Apple’s wireless headphone tech to a tethered form factor 14 hours ago | Brian Heater Facebook says it will open up for independent ad audit 17 hours ago | Anthony Ha Latest From TechCrunch Crunch Report: Prince returns to Spotify 8 hours ago | Anthony Ha Weekly Roundup: Tech companies rally against Trump’s immigration ban, Zenefits cuts workforce again 9 hours ago | Anna Escher Trump’s immigration ban is terrible for entrepreneurs 9 hours ago | Samia Bahsoun Payback’s a gift 10 hours ago | Talia Goldberg, Jeremy Levine Comment moderation powered by Up Next Keys to ascending the consumer-internet throne Posted Feb 5, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Data Migration Consultant at Exerp (West Palm Beach, FL, United States) Integration Consultant at Exerp (West Palm Beach, FL, United States) SENIOR ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE at Waxman Strategies (Washington, DC, United States) Senior Backend Engineer @ MeetMe at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior Data Engineer @ MeetMe at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Crunch Report: Prince returns to Spotify 8 hours ago by Anthony Ha Weekly Roundup: Tech companies rally against Trump’s immigration ban, Zenefits cuts workforce again 9 hours ago by Anna Escher Trump’s immigration ban is terrible for entrepreneurs 9 hours ago by Samia Bahsoun Payback’s a gift 10 hours ago by Talia Goldberg, Jeremy Levine Sen. Wyden presses for more answers as FBI responds to questions about its new FOIA system 10 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Messaging app Wire now has an external audit of its e2e crypto 11 hours ago by Natasha Lomas Cambridge is giving cancer the 3D VR treatment 11 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Carl Bass on his surprising Autodesk exit — and what’s next 12 hours ago by Connie Loizos Amazon’s Rekognition learns to guess your age 12 hours ago by John Mannes Uncorking innovation with Treasury Wine Estates in Napa 13 hours ago by Lora Kolodny
NFL NFL NBA MLB NCAAF MMA Racing Soccer Golf Culture NHL NCAAB Tennis Boxing Olympics Video Podcasts Lists Longform GIFs Graphics Yes, those were drones at Lady Gaga's Super Bowl 51 halftime show Yes, those were drones at Lady Gaga's Super Bowl 51 halftime show NFL Yes, those were drones at Lady Gaga's Super Bowl 51 halftime show By Adi Joseph February 5, 2017 8:40 pm Follow @AdiJoseph 21k shares share tweet sms send email By: Adi Joseph | February 5, 2017 8:40 pm Follow @AdiJoseph Lady Gaga’s Super Bowl halftime show had no special guests — unless you count the drones. Intel Drones supplied Lady Gaga and the NFL with a show-stopping show-starter — 300 Shooting Star drones painting the night sky in a pre-recorded segment in Houston, as she sang “God Bless America.” The closing scene with the Pepsi logo also was those same pre-recorded drones. For The Win spoke to two of Intel Drones’ top people — general manager Natalie Cheung, who was on the ground in Houston running things, and vice president of business Anil Nanduri, who organized the collaboration — about the show and the future of drones in entertainment. Let Cheung and Nanduri answer all your questions now that you’ve seen their work in action. So how did this happen? Intel filmed the drone shoot over several days, with the main shoot — the one we saw — done on Jan. 30. There were reports of low-flying helicopters as part of security in Houston, but that was only part of the story. The top-secret drone usage was the other. “We were on site for nine days, so we got the proper waivers to fly in Class C airspace up to 700 feet,” Cheung said. “We got the waivers to do this at night with multiple drones per pilot through the FAA. We were testing out our drones, tweaking our animations throughout this whole process, and we filmed for one night, and it was perfect.” Our drones have returned to the ground after an amazing #PepsiHalftime show #ExperienceMore pic.twitter.com/Augpbt05u6 — Intel (@intel) February 6, 2017 The setup was not so quick, but it all came together once the right people got to talking. “We worked a lot with the (NFL’s) creative team,” she said. “You can see there’s a lot of different stakeholders in this. We worked with NFL, Pepsi, Lady Gaga. She was very aware with what was happening with the story board from the very get-go, so it was a very constructive and very tight collaboration.” Why couldn’t it be done live? “So there’s a lot of weather and environment (issues),” Cheung said. “In February, you don’t know what it will be like during Super Bowl day. We’d hate to plan all this and, if the wind speeds are too high or if it’s raining and the roof is closed, no one can see this spectacular show. So our creative team as well as the Super Bowl creative team felt this would be best to be filmed. Lady Gaga also was on the roof when this was filmed, and from a logistics and creative perspective, it’s a bit hard for her to go from the roof all the way down to the floor of the stadium.” But Nanduri was quick to dismiss any thought that this couldn’t be a live show. “When we talked about Super Bowl, the primary weather issue was if they closed the dome,” he said. “If I had to simplify it, if you can do fireworks because of weather, so can our drones. … We’ve never had a situation where we can’t fly. The shooting star drone is water-resistant. It can handle light rain. It can handle a decent amount of wind — 8 meters per second, which is pretty decent wind speed.” What is the end goal here? Cheung explained, “It’s a different way of merging art and technology, which I think a lot of people haven’t seen. We started this effort maybe a year and a half ago, and it started with 100 drones in the sky and showed a simple Intel logo. We caught on pretty quickly that this was more than just fireworks. It could be branding in the sky. It could be an artistic event. There’s a lot of different ways that people could utilize this. The Disney team we worked with used it as a theme park attraction. The Super Bowl team utilized it as a way to emphasize and express Lady Gaga’s music. … It can create and mean many different things.” And Nanduri brought up the Guinness Book of World Records showcase as an example that led to this opportunity — and many more in the future. “When we did the Guinness Book of World Records, the 500 drones, that was a huge viral phenomenon, and we had already started to fly at Disney, which was another uptick of what the light shows are all about. In that process, I think there was an awareness created, especially to the creative agencies around the world, what a canvas in the sky that they can now paint with lights could be as a value-add to their experience.” Don’t be surprised, then if you see Fourth of July shows and other holiday spectaculars using drones more and more. So are we pretty much talking about robot fireworks? No, but sort of. “It’s not exactly fireworks,” Cheung said, citing the speed — 30 minutes for a single animation — and repeatability of the show. They’ve been used at Disney, too, where they were deployed in a similar method to nightly … fireworks shows. “There’s a good comparison of drones and fireworks, Nanduri said. “There’s a couple aspects of fundamental difference, though. With drones, I like to think of it as painting a canvas in the sky. You have the flexibility of creating animations, creating logos, creating storytelling. With the comparison to fireworks, yes, (both) can create a lot of formations, a lot of excitement — but it’s green. It’s reusable. No pollution. There’s a fundamental difference in precision and a difference of solving pollution and other issues with fireworks, and the last part is it’s reusable. Of course, you don’t get the boom of fireworks.” Drones! I’m still kind of weirded out by this … Nanduri: “With the notion of drones and the perception of the public, I think light shows are one good way to bring that perception back to (what a drone really is). … If I had to go back a year or two and look at what the perception of drones was then, I start to see a lot friendlier use of the term. You see the industries using the term as well. They’re more comfortable. And we look at light shows as … re-emphasizing that drones can be used in so many different ways.” Cheung: “Intel’s changing the perception and definition of drones here. No one ever thought that a drone could create such a beautiful art show and such an amazing experience for nighttime entertainment. It’s not something that we’re redefining the definition of a drone. You can see them being used in commercial applications. But when we talk about drones now, people get excited. They see it as a light in the sky.” More Super Bowl! Matt Ryan thanks Atlanta Falcons fans in a sincere video after Super Bowl loss2d ago Online bullies body-shamed Lady Gaga's 'belly'. Her uplifting response will inspire people everywhere3d ago Ranking the Patriots' 5 Super Bowl wins, from amazing to even more amazing3d ago 2017 Super Bowl, Lady Gaga, Super Bowl, Super Bowl 51, Super Bowl Halftime Show, NFL 21k shares share tweet sms send email Adi Joseph Follow @AdiJoseph Adi Joseph is deputy editor at For The Win and a product of these streets. The greatest album ever is Purple Rain. More … Recommended Videos More FTW 3.9k shares6d ago Sports Lady Gaga gave us a spectacular concert, not a Super Bowl halftime show 325 shares3d ago NFL 'The Simpsons' predicted one part of Lady Gaga's Super Bowl halftime show in 2012 710 shares2d ago NBA A brief history of Charles Oakley's feud with the New York Knicks The Latest 0 reply 1.4k shares 3hr NFL 3hr ago Michael Bennett explains why he refuses to go to Israel as ‘an ambassador of good will’ February 11, 2017 12:17 am · Alysha Tsuji Michael Bennett’s words have inspired at least one other player to back out. 0 reply 228 shares 4hr NBA 4hr ago Kings and Hawks hilariously trade compliments on Twitter after NBA’s social media warning February 10, 2017 11:21 pm · Alysha Tsuji Aw, so cute. 0 reply 202 shares 5hr NFL 5hr ago This Falcons 'brotherhood' video about rising up from darkness will give you chills February 10, 2017 10:09 pm · Alysha Tsuji “The darkness just fuses our bond and fuels our destiny.” 0 6hr NHL 6hr ago NHL and MLB players mourn death of Detroit Red Wings, Tigers owner Mike Ilitch February 10, 2017 9:37 pm · Alysha Tsuji RIP Mike Ilitch. 0 reply 267 shares 7hr NBA 7hr ago Fans loudly chant 'Charles Oakley' at Knicks game after James Dolan banned him February 10, 2017 8:57 pm · Alysha Tsuji “We want Oakley!” 0 reply 301 shares 7hr NFL 7hr ago Myles Garrett offers plan to Jerry Jones: Trade Tony Romo to Browns and draft him at No. 1 February 10, 2017 8:18 pm · Alysha Tsuji “Please … make it happen.” 0 reply 768 shares 8hr MLB 8hr ago Mike Ilitch was a true Detroit lifer, as he proved with this brilliant advertisement decision February 10, 2017 7:53 pm · Adi Joseph Mike Ilitch brought together the three automaking powers with a brilliant decision. 0 8hr Golf 8hr ago Bill Murray plants huge kiss right on the camera lens at Pebble Beach Pro-Am February 10, 2017 7:32 pm · Alysha Tsuji Bill Murray is so great. 0 9hr NBA 9hr ago J.R. Smith tells fans to ‘join the movement’ with these ‘I’m with Oakley’ shirts February 10, 2017 6:55 pm · Alysha Tsuji Support for Charles Oakley is only growing greater. 0 reply 116 shares 9hr NBA 9hr ago 12 things the internet definitely trusts more than Knicks owner James Dolan February 10, 2017 6:28 pm · Adi Joseph We don’t believe you. You need more people. Follow FTW! Social See FTW stories in your feed Like For The Win Follow For The Win Newsletter Get 10 hot stories each day Sign me up! Success Thanks for signing up. You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again? Podcast Hear FTW writers out loud Latest podcast More NFL Recent 1.4k shares Michael Bennett explains why he refuses to go to Israel as ‘an ambassador of good will’ 202 shares This Falcons 'brotherhood' video about rising up from darkness will give you chills 301 shares Myles Garrett offers plan to Jerry Jones: Trade Tony Romo to Browns and draft him at No. 1 Most Popular 1.2k shares UCLA commit LaMelo Ball scored 92 — yes, 92 — points in a high school game 14k shares 40 stats you won't believe about Kobe Bryant's historic NBA career 2.7k shares LaMelo Ball didn’t get back on defense during much of his outrageous 92-point game 3.2k shares Online bullies body-shamed Lady Gaga's 'belly'. Her uplifting response will inspire people everywhere 1.5k shares LeBron Instagrams Knicks' 'legend' after Charles Oakley's arrest 1.4k shares Michael Bennett explains why he refuses to go to Israel as ‘an ambassador of good will’ 228 shares Kings and Hawks hilariously trade compliments on Twitter after NBA’s social media warning Terms of Service Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Ad Choices Contact For The Win Powered by WordPress.com VIP Show More Information Home Follow us… NFL NBA MLB NCAAF MMA Racing Soccer Golf Culture NHL NCAAB Tennis Boxing Olympics Video Podcasts Lists Longform GIFs Graphics Terms of Service Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Ad Choices Contact For The Win Powered by WordPress.com VIP http://usat.ly/2kI2Fk5 Yes, those were drones at Lady Gaga's Super Bowl 51 halftime show There were no guest stars, except the drones. I found this on FTW and wanted to share: %link% For more great sports stories ... *visit For The Win: https://www.ftw.usatoday.com *follow @ForTheWin: https://www.twitter.com/forthewin *like FTW on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/usatodayftw
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 39346 364 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Yes, those were drones at Lady Gaga's Super Bowl 51 halftime show There were no guest stars, except the drones. Post to Facebook Yes, those were drones at Lady Gaga's Super Bowl 51 halftime show There were no guest stars, except the drones.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://ftw.usatoday.com/2017/02/yes-those-were-drones-at-lady-gagas-super-bowl-51-halftime-show/ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Yes, those were drones at Lady Gaga's Super Bowl 51 halftime show Adi Joseph , USA TODAY Sports 8:44 p.m. ET Feb. 5, 2017 1.1k Shares Lady Gaga's Super Bowl halftime show had no special guests - unless you count the drones. Intel Drones supplied Lady Gaga and the NFL with a show-stopping show-starter - 300 Shooting Star drones painting the night sky in a pre-recorded segment in Houston, as she sang "God Bless America." The closing scene with the Pepsi logo also was those same pre-recorded drones. For The Win spoke to two of Intel Drones' top people - general manager Natalie Cheung, who was on the ground in Houston running things, and vice president of business Anil Nanduri, who organized the collaboration - about the show and the future of drones in entertainment. Let Cheung and Nanduri answer all your questions now that you've seen their work in action. So how did this happen? Intel filmed the drone shoot over several days, with the main shoot - the one we saw - done on Jan. 30. There were reports of low-flying helicopters as part of security in Houston, but that was only part of the story. The top-secret drone usage was the other. "We were on site for nine days, so we got the proper waivers to fly in Class C airspace up to 700 feet," Cheung said. "We got the waivers to do this at night with multiple drones per pilot through the FAA. We were testing out our drones, tweaking our animations throughout this whole process, and we filmed for one night, and it was perfect." Our drones have returned to the ground after an amazing #PepsiHalftime show #ExperienceMorepic.twitter.com/Augpbt05u6— Intel (@intel) February 6, 2017 The setup was not so quick, but it all came together once the right people got to talking. "We worked a lot with the (NFL's) creative team," she said. "You can see there's a lot of different stakeholders in this. We worked with NFL, Pepsi, Lady Gaga. She was very aware with what was happening with the story board from the very get-go, so it was a very constructive and very tight collaboration." Why couldn't it be done live? "So there's a lot of weather and environment (issues)," Cheung said. "In February, you don't know what it will be like during Super Bowl day. We'd hate to plan all this and, if the wind speeds are too high or if it's raining and the roof is closed, no one can see this spectacular show. So our creative team as well as the Super Bowl creative team felt this would be best to be filmed. Lady Gaga also was on the roof when this was filmed, and from a logistics and creative perspective, it's a bit hard for her to go from the roof all the way down to the floor of the stadium." But Nanduri was quick to dismiss any thought that this couldn't be a live show. When we talked about Super Bowl, the primary weather issue was if they closed the dome," he said. "If I had to simplify it, if you can do fireworks because of weather, so can our drones. … We've never had a situation where we can't fly. The shooting star drone is water-resistant. It can handle light rain. It can handle a decent amount of wind - 8 meters per second, which is pretty decent wind speed." What is the end goal here? Cheung explained, "It's a different way of merging art and technology, which I think a lot of people haven't seen. We started this effort maybe a year and a half ago, and it started with 100 drones in the sky and showed a simple Intel logo. We caught on pretty quickly that this was more than just fireworks. It could be branding in the sky. It could be an artistic event. There's a lot of different ways that people could utilize this. The Disney team we worked with used it as a theme park attraction. The Super Bowl team utilized it as a way to emphasize and express Lady Gaga's music. … It can create and mean many different things." And Nanduri brought up the Guinness Book of World Records showcase as an example that led to this opportunity - and many more in the future. "When we did the Guinness Book of World Records, the 500 drones, that was a huge viral phenomenon, and we had already started to fly at Disney, which was another uptick of what the light shows are all about. In that process, I think there was an awareness created, especially to the creative agencies around the world, what a canvas in the sky that they can now paint with lights could be as a value-add to their experience." Don't be surprised, then if you see Fourth of July shows and other holiday spectaculars using drones more and more. So are we pretty much talking about robot fireworks? No, but sort of. "It's not exactly fireworks," Cheung said, citing the speed - 30 minutes for a single animation - and repeatability of the show. They've been used at Disney, too, where they were deployed in a similar method to nightly … fireworks shows. "There's a good comparison of drones and fireworks, Nanduri said. "There's a couple aspects of fundamental difference, though. With drones, I like to think of it as painting a canvas in the sky. You have the flexibility of creating animations, creating logos, creating storytelling. With the comparison to fireworks, yes, (both) can create a lot of formations, a lot of excitement - but it's green. It's reusable. No pollution. There's a fundamental difference in precision and a difference of solving pollution and other issues with fireworks, and the last part is it's reusable. Of course, you don't get the boom of fireworks." Drones! I'm still kind of weirded out by this … Nanduri: "With the notion of drones and the perception of the public, I think light shows are one good way to bring that perception back to (what a drone really is). … If I had to go back a year or two and look at what the perception of drones was then, I start to see a lot friendlier use of the term. You see the industries using the term as well. They're more comfortable. And we look at light shows as … re-emphasizing that drones can be used in so many different ways." Cheung: "Intel's changing the perception and definition of drones here. No one ever thought that a drone could create such a beautiful art show and such an amazing experience for nighttime entertainment. It's not something that we're redefining the definition of a drone. You can see them being used in commercial applications. But when we talk about drones now, people get excited. They see it as a light in the sky." Read or Share this story: http://ftw.usatoday.com/2017/02/yes-those-were-drones-at-lady-gagas-super-bowl-51-halftime-show/ Most Popular Matt Ryan named NFL MVP for 2016 season 42k Shares Where were Budweiser's Clydesdales during the Super Bowl? 2.2k Shares Muslim U.S. Olympian Ibtihaj Muhammad says she was held by U.S. Customs 50k Shares Jordan Spieth gets into it with 'scums' seeking autograph 8.2k Shares Kia wins USA TODAY's Ad Meter behind Melissa McCarthy's 'Hero's Journey' 30k Shares Can you really blame Charles Oakley for being disgusted with dysfunctional Knicks? 815 Shares
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Feb 11, 3:44 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Intel’s Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Rival Leaks; Patent Shows ‘Detachable Curved Display’ By Corazon Victorino On 02/05/17 AT 8:35 PM Close Intel and Microsoft used to be the best of friends, but the two companies have already become frenemies since 2011 when they scheduled their developer’s conferences in the same week. Though they still cooperate from time to time, they have since viewed each other as competitors. The rivalry is about to heat up this year now that Intel is planning to launch an advanced 2-in-1 laptop hybrid that will likely be a strong opponent for Microsoft’s Surface Pro 5.  The Leaker disclosed this weekend that Intel has already patented an electronic device with detachable display. The sound of detachable display alone is enough to tell us that Intel is going after the market that the Surface and Surface Pro lines have established. Interestingly, Intel clearly wants to lure more consumers to its laptop hybrid that’s why it is using a curved display — something that Microsoft has yet to try with its Surface devices.  The illustration in the patent shows a very similar configuration to that of Microsoft’s Surface Pro devices. The only thing that separates it from the latter is the curvaceous display and the keyboard that’s designed to complement the form factor of the screen. The Leaker noted that Intel could be going for curved displays because the technology is pretty common among television systems and PC monitors lately.  Related Stories Rumored Windows 10 Cloud To Rival Chrome OS? Why The NFL Uses The Microsoft Surface Pro During Games Microsoft Surface Phone Might Be Foldable 2-In-1 Other renders emphasized how the curved 2-in-1 has a unique look compared to other mainstream hybrid laptops on the market. The keyboard is also depicted to be just as thick as the display, so it is being speculated that it will contain another battery, a separate storage space and another processing unit. Since this is going to be Intel’s first entry into the 2-in-1 market, the company will likely use its next-generation processors to give it distinction from other hybrids out there. There isn't any clue yet on when can consumers expect Intel's laptop hybrid to arrive. Meanwhile, there are numerous rumors surrounding Microsoft’s upcoming Surface Pro 4 successor. Aside from giving the device a decent specs upgrade, it is also expected to come with Intel’s seventh-generation Kaby Lake processor. The screen is rumored to have 4K resolution. A previously leaked patent also hinted at a rechargeable Surface Pen. According to Alphr, Microsoft will most likely launch the Surface Pro 5 this April.  Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business US Companies Continue Moving Jobs To Mexico Despite the threats of a 35 percent tariff, American companies are moving forward to lay off hundreds of US jobs. Technology Leaked Branding Hints At Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus A popular tech informant has shared the name of one of the Galaxy S8 models. World Snowden Says Report Proves He Never Spied For Russia Edward Snowden, who was given refuge in Russia in 2013, is facing espionage charges in the U.S. for leaking documents about secret mass surveillance programs. National Dossier On Trump-Russia Ties Gaining Credibility: Report While people didn't take the documents seriously when they first came to light, a large number are reassessing their stance following Trump’s stand on Russia during his campaign. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,380 Reviews & Articles | 54,057 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home Guides CPU Deliding Quick Guide - What it is and How to do it What is processor deliding, how does it benefit CPU overclocking and temperatures, how do you do, and what are the risks? Let's find out. By: Sergio Andrés Echart Kuc | Guides | Posted: 5 days, 12 hours ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Deliding is the process of removing the IHS (Integrated Heat Spreader) from the CPU with some methods described below which aim to drop CPU temperatures. Since Intel Series 3, 4, 6 and now 7, Intel uses a black silicone type to glue the IHS to the PCB, but the die barely touches it. And Intel uses a poor kind of thermal paste too, so there's very poor contact between the die and HIS, resulting in bad heat dissipation, thus a hot CPU.     Which CPU's can be Delidded?   All Intel Series 3, 4, 6, and 7. You can't on others as the IHS is soldered to the die. Many tried, and CPU ended up dead.     What are the Benefits of Deliding?   Depending on the CPU BATCH, Country of Origin (Malay, Costa Rica, Vietnam), and based on my experience of more than 50 CPUs delidded using the manual method, this is what I got:   Intel Series 3 - From Full LOAD you get -18 to -22C+ Intel Series 4 - From Full LOAD you get -19 to -28C+ Intel Series 6 - From Full LOAD you get -22 to -36C+ Intel Series 7 - Not Tested Yet     The best results on temperatures I got by far were in Skylake CPUs, always around 30C+ less in load testing.     Delid voids your CPU Warranty?   Yes, absolutely.     My CPU will OC better after a Deliding?   Again, this will depend on the batch, but yes, it will - especially on Intel Series 6, you get more overclocking headroom and better IMC cooling (better memory overclocking). The rest will let you run a better OC at lower temps.   Be advised that idle temperatures will stay the same or around 3 to 4C less.     After Delidding, is the IHS glued again?     Yes, but never use silicone or other methods. Deliding is not changing just the thermal paste used, but removing the black silicone utilized by Intel entirely. I use UHU Twist & Glue, one drop on each corner after I finish.     Can I use CPU direct die contact with the cooler?     Yes, but you need a special plate called "Delid Die Guard." If you don't use it, you will be applying different forces on the four corners and may break the die.   Many companies make them, first was ASUS then MSI and others make them. Still, I don't recommend this.     What Thermal Paste should I use?   After 50 successful delids, I can say you should use Collaboratory Liquid PRO. Only on the die, protecting the surface mounted components around with a thin layer of transparent nail polish and let it dry - this is far the best method.     Why use Liquid PRO? Simple, in testing, I can say others will have your CPU at normal temperatures after a month.     Methods used to Delid   1) Manual using a cutter   One of the best methods, but takes a lot of time, patience and work. It involves cutting the silicone using a blade or cutter (the better) with your hands putting the right pressure and grabbing the CPU the right way, going round and round with the blade at a specific angle and avoiding to go deeper scratching the die, PCB, or the surface mounted components.     After the IHS is off, you need to clean all the black silicone using an old credit card, again carefully. Once off, in the PCB and the IHS use Isopropyl alcohol to clean all and let it dry.   Apply the Liquid Pro on both the die and a bit on the IHS and glue the IHS again with one drop of UHU on each corner, place the CPU inside the plastic bag where it came and close it. That's the best way I found to make the IHS stay like factory produced.   2) The Vice Method (I don't recommend it, you will end with a dead CPU)   Picture Credits: cyberspaceandtime.com   This method uses brute force in a vice and is just something you shouldn't consider doing.   3) 3D Printed Delid Tools (I don't recommend them either)   Picture Credits: Chri from YouMagine   This is worse than the above vice method as the 3D printed model has to be perfect, and most people hit it with a hammer instead of using a vice, so it's double trouble.   4) Roockit Cool Delid Tool - The Best Method     5) Der8auwer Delid Die Mate 2 - The Best Method       Risks of Delidding a CPU   Take note:   Carefully inspect the CPU with a magnifier to find any damage on PCB so there no surprises later Remove all thermal paste from it using Isopropyl Alcohol Use one of the methods I recommended and read each carefully If you use the manual method, be careful with your fingers as you may get injured by the cutter Use nail polish to protect the surface mounted components to protect them from Liquid PRO which is very conductive - otherwise, you will end with a dead CPU Be careful on Intel Skylake and Kaby Lake CPUs as the PCB is much thinner than others   I hope this information comes handy to you guys - Sergio Andrés Echart Kuc, Spanish Senior Editor for TweakTown. Shopping Information PRICING: You can find products similar to this one for sale below. United States: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon's website. United Kingdom: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon UK's website. Canada: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon Canada's website. Right of Reply We at TweakTown openly invite the companies who provide us with review samples / who are mentioned or discussed to express their opinion of our content. If any company representative wishes to respond, we will publish the response here. Related Tags delid CPU deliding guide processor temperature OC overclocking overclock Got an opinion on this content? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts iPhone X has wireless charging, and it's about damn time The top For Honor PC deals as we near release Samsung foldable phones might arrive in 2018 HMD's first Nokia-branded phone arrives in Europe WhatsApp now enables two-step verificationView More News Posts Forum Activity Mainboard P9 X79 Pro EATX12V connector burnt Overclock G31M-VS2 ViewSonic's 1440p 165Hz Monitor: Best Gaming Display? MSI GT62VR High-End gaming notebook with GTX 1060 overview Aorus z270x Gaming K7 motherboard problemsView More Forum Posts Press Releases Intel's Fab 42 will target advanced 7 nm technology and create more than 10,000 jobs in Arizona Palit announces the passive GeForce GTX 1050 Ti KalmX Silent graphics card Latest NVIDIA Quadro Pascal GPUs, led by high-end GP100, streamline visualization, simulation and VR workflow Kingston now shipping the HyperX Alloy FPS with Cherry MX Red or Brown switches Cooler Master announces 'Case Mod World Series 2017' with 25th anniversary celebration bonusView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 292 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Super Bowl 2017 survey: Ex-NFL stars weigh in on state of the game Radio row in the days leading up to Super Bowl LI, like always, has featured a who’s who of football stars from the past and present. Post to Facebook Super Bowl 2017 survey: Ex-NFL stars weigh in on state of the game Radio row in the days leading up to Super Bowl LI, like always, has featured a who’s who of football stars from the past and present.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kaky7R {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Super Bowl 2017 survey: Ex-NFL stars weigh in on state of the game Jason Wolf and Zak Keefer, USA TODAY Network 10:49 a.m. ET Feb. 5, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share USA TODAY Sports' Lorenzo Reyes notes that Brady and Belichick's ages could mean that their illustrious careers might be winding down. USA TODAY Sports General overall view of NFL official Wilson Duke Super Bowl LI logo football at NRG Stadium prior to Super Bowl LI between the Atlanta Falcons and the New England Patriots. (Photo: Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports) 292 CONNECTTWEET 2 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE HOUSTON – Radio row in the days leading up to Super Bowl LI, like always, has featured a who’s who of football stars from the past and present. USA TODAY Sports surveyed six former players from various eras to learn what they like and don’t like about today’s game, a rule they’d want to change and whether they’d play now, knowing more about health issues. They are all Pro Bowlers. Four are Super Bowl champs. One is Hall of Famer. The group was split evenly between offense and defense. The panel included: Blaine Bishop: Former Oilers, Titans and Eagles safety, 1993-2002; Bob Golic: Former Patriots, Browns and Raiders defensive tackle, 1979-92; Mike Haynes: Hall of Famer, former Patriots and Raiders cornerback, 1976-89; Shaun O’Hara: Former Browns and Giants guard/center, 2000-10; Michael Robinson: Former 49ers and Seahawks fullback, 2006-13; Reggie Wayne: Former Colts wide receiver, 2001-14. USA TODAY How much longer can Tom Brady, Bill Belichick go? USA TODAY Legacy lost: Should Titans return ‘Oilers’ to Houston, site of Super Bowl LI? What do you love about today’s game? Haynes: It’s action-packed. A lot of passes, a lot of big plays. I like that. I think that’s really great. I also love that it’s a safer game, and they’re working really hard to make it safer. Bishop: The team camaraderie that you build, kind of like a brotherhood. Everybody has a role and you have the sacrifice. We were all great players in college. But you have to relish your role and have you’re guys’ back and do your job. Really, that equates to being a professional. That’s never changed. It’s an attribute that you actually can’t teach unless you play, and I’m not going to say football, but sports in general. Golic: That people are still playing football. That it’s still the game, to a certain extent, the game that we loved back in the day. It’s obviously changed a little bit with the hitting and some of the rules. O’Hara: It allows players to have fun. There’s times where you see things on social media where you say, “Wow, that’s great. That’s great you got to share that cause.” There’s so many great things that go on that were left uncovered or unsaid or people didn’t see (when I played). Robinson: The competition. Love the competition. Love the soft skills that football teaches you. I played quarterback (for a while up until college). To be able to look every man in the eye and have them believe in you? That’s a skill. Stuff that you learn in the classroom and be able to go out there and perform it? That’s a skill. To be able take the philosophy from your coach and be able to pump it and inject it into a locker room? That’s a skill. That’s what I love most about this game. USA TODAY Super Bowl 51 matchups to watch: Can Patriots ground Julio Jones, Falcons? USA TODAY What keeps Tom Brady-Bill Belichick bond strong for Patriots through 17 years? CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Kia | 0:00 With the help of the new hybrid Kia Niro, actress Melissa McCarthy saves the world. Kia 1 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Sprite | 0:30 LeBron James wants you to drink Sprite, even if he won't say so. 2 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Alfa Romeo - Mozzafiato | 0:30 Alfa Romeo debuts a cinematic commercial for this year's Super Bowl. 3 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Turkish Airlines | 0:45 Morgan Freeman stars in Turkish Airlines' new Super Bowl ad. 4 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Tide | 0:15 Tide debuts the second part of it's humorous Super Bowl ad. 5 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAD Meter 2017: Paramount - Baywatch | 0:30 Paramount debuts it's trailer for the upcoming movie Baywatch. 6 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Amazon | 0:30 Amazon releases it's humorous Super Bowl commercial. 7 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #NSFWireless | 1:00 Kristen Schaal stars in this humorous T-Mobile Super Bowl ad. 8 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: 20th Century Fox - A Cure For Wellness | 0:39 20th Century Fox debuts the trailer for A Cure For Wellness. 9 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Coca-Cola | 0:30 Coca-Cola's mouth-watering Super Bowl ad features foodies preparing (and eating) a variety of gourmet meals. 10 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Persil | 0:30 Persil's new Super Bowl commercial features famous scientist Bill Nye. 11 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Airbnb | 0:30 Airbnb debuts it Super Bowl LI commercial with a message of acceptance. 12 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Snickers | 0:31 Snickers debuts it's live Super Bowl commercial. 13 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Universal - The Fate of the Furious | 1:00 Universal debuts the latest installment in the Fast and Furious series. 14 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Alfa Romeo - Riding Dragons | 1:00 Alfa Romeo debuts one of it's powerful commercials which will air during the Super Bowl. 15 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: It's a 10 Haircare | 0:30 It's a 10 Haircare makes it Super Bowl commercial debut. 16 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Netflix - Stranger Things | 0:36 Netflix debuts the trailer for the new season of Stranger Things. 17 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: TurboTax | 0:45 Turbo Tax debuts it's humorous Super Bowl ad featuring Humpty Dumpty. 18 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Paramount - Transformers | 0:32 The trailer for the latest film in the Transformers series. 19 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: 20th Century Fox - Logan | 0:30 20th Century Fox debuts it's commercial for the movie Logan. 20 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Bai | 0:30 Justin Timberlake and Christopher Walken star in Bai's Super Bowl ad. 21 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd meter 2017: Disney - Pirates of the Caribbean | 0:45 Disney debuts it's trailer for Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales. 22 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Tide | 1:15 Terry Bradshaw stars in Tide's new Super Bowl ad. 23 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: H&R Block | 1:00 Jon Hamm stars in H&R blocks new Super Bowl commercial. 24 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Mobile Strike | 0:30 Mobile Strike debuts it's new commercial at Super Bowl LI. 25 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Avocados From Mexico | 0:30 A secret society has trouble keeping secrets, including the health benefits of avocados. (Also, Jon Lovitz shows up.) 26 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Google | 1:00 Google introduces "Google Home" in its new Super Bowl ad. 27 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: NFL - Inside These Lines | 1:00 The NFL debuts its dramatic commercial for this year's Super Bowl. 28 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #BagOfUnlimited | 0:30 Martha Stewart and Snoop Dogg star in a hilarious Super Bowl ad for T-Mobile. 29 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #Punished | 0:30 Kristen Schaal stars in a steamy Super Bowl ad for T-Mobile. 30 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: American Petroleum Institute | 0:31 On Sunday, the American Petroleum Institute will air its first-ever Super Bowl ad. 31 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wix | 0:30 Action stars Gal Gadot and Jason Statham wreaking havoc inside a restaurant inspires the chef. 32 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wargaming - Real Awful Moms | 0:15 An episode of fictional show Real Awful Moms is interrupted in this spot for video game World of Tanks. 33 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wargaming - Teensy House Hunters | 0:15 An episode of fictional show Teensy House Buyers is interrupted in this ad for video game World of Tanks. 34 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Michelin | 0:30 Michelin tires help people safely make it home to their families. 35 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: 84 Lumber | 1:30 84 Lumber's first Super Bowl ad tells the story of an immigrant family's journey to America. 36 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Hulu | 0:30 A trailer for The Handmaid’s Tale, a new Hulu series featuring Mad Men star Elisabeth Moss. 37 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Michelob Ultra | 0:30 Fitness enthusiasts bond over their shared passion in this Michelob ULTRA spot, which features the theme song from 'Cheers', 38 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: WeatherTech | 0:30 WeatherTech, which makes its car floor mats in America, shows just how far it will go to protect your vehicle. 39 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: NFL | 0:30 The NFL's Super Bowl ad is the definition of adorable. NFL 40 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Honda | 1:00 Yearbook photos of celebrities such as Steve Carell, Tina Fey, and Magic Johnson come to life in this ad, a celebration of the 20th birthday of the Honda CR-V. 41 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: T-Mobile | 1:00 Justin Bieber, Rob Gronkowski, and Terrell Owens take us through the history of the touchdown dance. 42 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Bud Light | 1:31 Bud Light Icon Spuds MacKenzie returns in the new Super Bowl Ad as a man's best friend to show that it was never about the parties, but friendships made along the way. 43 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Top Games | 0:30 Actors Aaron Eckhart, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, and Fan Bingbing star in "The Battle of Evony" a short movie promoting the mobile game Evony: The King’s Return. 44 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Audi | 1:00 Audi's Super Bowl ad, featuring a man watching her daughter win on the race track, advocates for equal pay. 45 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Sprint | 0:30 A man fakes his own death to get out of his Verizon contract before being convinced to switch to Sprint. 46 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Nintendo | 0:30 Nintendo introduces the new Switch console with clips from the game The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. 47 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wonderful Pistachios | 0:15 Ernie the Elephant, voiced by WWE star John Cena, discovers the benefits of Wonderful Pistachios. 48 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Ford | 1:43 Narrated by actor Bryan Cranston, Ford's Super Bowl LI ad focuses on the automaker's future plans. 49 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Squarespace | 0:30 Actor John Malkovich struggles to secure the domain name JohnMalkovich.com in Squarespace's new ad. 50 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: King's Hawaiian | 0:30 A man trying to stash away his King's Hawaiian rolls chooses a hiding place that isn't as secret as he thinks it is. 51 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: LIFEWTR | 0:30 John Legend and PepsiCo's new LIFEWTR bottled water brings color to a drab world. 52 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Busch | 0:30 Busch's first ever Super Bowl ad reintroduces the beer to the world by embracing the great outdoors. 53 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: KFC | 0:15 KFC's first Super Bowl ad stars actors Billy Zane and Rob Riggle as dueling versions of Colonel Sanders. 54 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Buick | 1:00 In the latest installment of the automaker's "That's a Buick?" campaign, NFL star Cam Newton and supermodel Miranda Kerr each make a surprise appearance at a pee wee football game. 55 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: GoDaddy | 0:30 GoDaddy's Super Bowl spot stars a man who completely embodies the most fun parts of the Internet. 56 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Budweiser | 1:00 The story of Adolphus Busch, the German immigrant who co-founded Anheuser-Busch in the 1800s. 57 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Intel | 0:30 With its new 360-degree replay technology, Intel spices up Tom Brady's morning routine. 58 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Skittles | 0:30 A teenager trying to get a girl's attention with Skittles unknowingly gets more than he bargained for. 59 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Mr. Clean | 0:30 The newly buff Mr. Clean dazzles in his first Super Bowl ad. 60 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Febreze | 0:30 Febreze vows to make sure that your football halftime bathroom break won't stink. 61 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Fiji Water | 0:15 Fiji Water's new Super Bowl commercial stresses the importance of untouched water. 62 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wendy's | 0:31 Wendy's touts its fresh beef and pokes fun of its competitors' frozen burgers. 63 of 63Last VideoNext Video Ad Meter 2017: Kia Ad Meter 2017: Sprite Ad Meter 2017: Alfa Romeo - Mozzafiato Ad Meter 2017: Turkish Airlines Ad Meter 2017: Tide AD Meter 2017: Paramount - Baywatch Ad Meter 2017: Amazon Ad Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #NSFWireless Ad Meter 2017: 20th Century Fox - A Cure For Wellness Ad Meter 2017: Coca-Cola Ad Meter 2017: Persil Ad Meter 2017: Airbnb Ad Meter 2017: Snickers Ad Meter 2017: Universal - The Fate of the Furious Ad Meter 2017: Alfa Romeo - Riding Dragons Ad Meter 2017: It's a 10 Haircare Ad Meter 2017: Netflix - Stranger Things Ad Meter 2017: TurboTax Ad Meter 2017: Paramount - Transformers Ad Meter 2017: 20th Century Fox - Logan Ad Meter 2017: Bai Ad meter 2017: Disney - Pirates of the Caribbean Ad Meter 2017: Tide Ad Meter 2017: H&R Block Ad Meter 2017: Mobile Strike Ad Meter 2017: Avocados From Mexico Ad Meter 2017: Google Ad Meter 2017: NFL - Inside These Lines Ad Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #BagOfUnlimited Ad Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #Punished Ad Meter 2017: American Petroleum Institute Ad Meter 2017: Wix Ad Meter 2017: Wargaming - Real Awful Moms Ad Meter 2017: Wargaming - Teensy House Hunters Ad Meter 2017: Michelin Ad Meter 2017: 84 Lumber Ad Meter 2017: Hulu Ad Meter 2017: Michelob Ultra Ad Meter 2017: WeatherTech Ad Meter 2017: NFL Ad Meter 2017: Honda Ad Meter 2017: T-Mobile Ad Meter 2017: Bud Light Ad Meter 2017: Top Games Ad Meter 2017: Audi Ad Meter 2017: Sprint Ad Meter 2017: Nintendo Ad Meter 2017: Wonderful Pistachios Ad Meter 2017: Ford Ad Meter 2017: Squarespace Ad Meter 2017: King's Hawaiian Ad Meter 2017: LIFEWTR Ad Meter 2017: Busch Ad Meter 2017: KFC Ad Meter 2017: Buick Ad Meter 2017: GoDaddy Ad Meter 2017: Budweiser Ad Meter 2017: Intel Ad Meter 2017: Skittles Ad Meter 2017: Mr. Clean Ad Meter 2017: Febreze Ad Meter 2017: Fiji Water Ad Meter 2017: Wendy's What do you dislike about today’s game? Wayne: It’s kinda leaning towards the flag football side. It’s getting a little softer, man. Even though I was a receiver and played on offense, I look at some of the calls today and I’m like, “That’s defenseless?” (The defense) is at a disadvantage. They really are. You don’t know how to hit a guy these days, you know what I mean? As a receiver, you’re like, “Thanks?” You look at a lot of these receivers now, they’ll probably play a long time, as long as they can take care of (their) body. It’s to the point now where I feel like a lot of these careers (of the receivers) will be extended. Haynes: Some of the things I dislike are also some of the things I like, you know? The officiating, it’s not 100%. And I think that’s what makes the game also a good game. I hit you, and one guy calls it pass interference. Another guys says, “That’s football.” I’m talking the officials. So as a player, I have to figure out, “Which guy are you? What can I get away with? It’s not black and white.” Bishop: There are bigger, stronger, faster athletes, but I just don’t think they’re disciplined. I don’t think they’re coached up. I just think it’s just a game of great athletes out there running around now, who really don’t study and care about the game. It’s all for the money. There was a passion there that I had, that most guys had in my era that just loved the game. They probably would have played for free. I probably would have. And today’s new millennial athlete, it just doesn’t work that way. They learn everything on video and everything else. It’s kind of like certain things you assume that they know, little nuances of the game, they really don’t know. Golic: I hate the fact that nowadays, the collective bargaining agreement basically said you can only have so many days of full contact practices. And we went in for 3 ½ weeks and it was all, until people were falling down, we would go full pads, full contact all the time. Of course, that’s just bitterness and envy jumping out of me now. The focus on controlling the violence. They tell you how to hit, where to hit. I understand some of the things like no spearing. We weren’t allowed to do that back in the time either. But now every time you come near a quarterback, if your hand even touches his helmet, they’re hitting you with a penalty. O’Hara: I think one of the challenges that is tough now is you can get in trouble without ever getting out of bed. With social media now, with your phones and everything you have now, everybody has access to you. As a player it’s so hard right now to not be distracted, because distractions are coming at you from every angle. That to me is probably the toughest things the players and teams are facing. There’s not a lot that’s sacred. You used to go in the locker room and it’s like, “What is said (in here) stays in here.” Now, you never know. Everybody’s a reporter. Everything is out there. So that’s a challenge. I think the other thing too is it’s a different game now. One of the things I liked about the old school football players is that they genuinely disliked each other. It made for good theater. Now everybody is buddies, all friends on everything, and the jersey swap after the game has kind of become the big thing. You kind of lose that animosity that made game day great. USA TODAY Super Bowl 2017 odds: Latest on spread movement, MVP bets USA TODAY Fifteen years ago, the Patriots were the dynasty no one saw coming What is one rule change you’d like to see? Wayne: I’d make a lot of them. Targeting to the head. I mean obviously, that’s tough. They can try and launch and try to hit you in the chest area but I know as a receiver, I know when you’re there, I’m gonna duck. And all of a sudden you hit me in my head. I get it. It’s a tough sport and we know the history of concussions and all that stuff. (Expletive), that’s what we signed up for. Bishop: I’m trying to figure out which one I want to go with. Being a defensive back, that pass interference is not a spot foul. It should just be a 15-yard penalty. … The reason why I say that now is because if you barely touch a guy – back in the day, you could touch a guy down the field, and when I was playing you could have a little bit of contact and still not call pass interference. Some guy can run in the back of you, you can be looking at the ball and everything and they could still call pass interference. You’ve got to be looking at the ball. OK, well, I’m looking at the ball and I cut his path off. I have the right to the ball just as much as he does, but the way the rules are set up, now is everything’s for the offense because they want more points. But I don’t think that now justifies having a spot foul. Because you can just throw the ball up and a guy can get contact easily, to me, and you can call that pass interference. Another rule that I wish we’d change – I want the referees to be able to pass an obstacle course, physicals and times to justify, because I think they’re getting the wrong angles and not being in the right positions because I don’t think they’re in shape enough to actually be in the right position to make an appropriate call. Golic: Nobody can hit the nose tackle. Nobody over 200 pounds. Centers must be the size of kickers. That’d be a good one. O’Hara: If I could change one thing I’d move the Pro Bowl back to Hawaii and I’d make it after the Super Bowl. I think the whole spirit of the Pro Bowl was a reward for the players, a reward for a great season. And to not have some of the best players in the Pro Bowl because they’re playing the Super Bowl, to me, is wrong. If you got 5-7 guys who make the Pro Bowl, and to go to the Super Bowl and win it, and you go to the Pro Bowl after you just won the Super Bowl, it’s probably the best week ever. To not have that is just a shame. And if people wanted to make it more competitive, I wouldn’t pay the losing team. You wanna see guys play hard in the fourth quarter, if you know you have to cut a check for all the flights and hotels? Robinson: We do have a lot rules. I get it, it’s all about protection. With the advent of spread offenses and how that’s starting to infiltrate our game – and it’s all on the college level, it all starts with job security there with coaches because they have to win now and score points. At the end of the day we’re hurting quarterbacks, the most important position. When I was playing flag, especially in my younger days, as the quarterback I had to go into a huddle, had to look every man in the eye, and tell him the play. They don’t do that anymore. Some quarterbacks never had to. If I had to change something, and I have some stuff I’m going to be talking to the NFL about, they need to go and reinvest back into the kid, back into the community, and I think that’ll help this whole dynamic. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Tom Brady through the years  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady raises the Lombardi Trophy for the fifth time in his career, an NFL record for a quarterback.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady guided his team to a victory over the Atlanta Falcons in Super Bowl LI by going 43-for-62 with 466 yards and two touchdowns.  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady celebrates with head coach Bill Belichick (R) after their win over the St. Louis Rams 03 February, 2002 in Super Bowl XXXVI in New Orleans, Louisiana. The Patriots defeated the Rams 20-17.  JEFF HAYNES, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Brady celebrates with the Lamar Hunt Trophy after defeating the Pittsburgh Steelers in the 2016 AFC Championship Game at Gillette Stadium.  Winslow Townson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady reacts after a Patriots score in Super Bowl XLVI.  Robert Scheer, The Star Fullscreen Brady during Michigan's spring game in 1997.  John L. White, AP Fullscreen Brady and Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning (18) meet on the field after the Patriots' loss in the 2015 AFC Championship football game. The meeting was the last between the two rivals, with Brady holding an 11-6 record against Manning.  Chris Humphreys, Chris Humphreys-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady evades pressure during the Patriots' 20-17 win in Super Bowl XXXVI over the St. Louis Rams in New Orleans, Brady's first title.  Brad Kemp, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady celebrates after the Patriots' 32-29 win over the Carolina Panthers in Super Bowl XXXVIII in Houston, Brady's second title.  H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen After serving his four-game Deflategate suspension to start the 2016 season, Brady threw three touchdowns against the Cleveland Browns in his return to action.  Ken Blaze, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady with his wife, Brazilian supermodel Gisele Bundchen, at Carnival in Rio de Janeiro in 2011.  Rodrigo Abd AP Fullscreen Brady chats with wide receiver Randy Moss after setting the single-season records for passing touchdowns (50) and receiving touchdowns (23) in the Patriots' 16-0 2007 season.  Julie Jacobson, AP Fullscreen Brady with then-girlfriend, actress Bridget Moynahan in 2005. The couple dated from 2004 to 2006 and Moynahan had Brady's son in 2007.  Adam Hunger, AP Fullscreen Brady loses the bull during the 2002 AFC Divisional Playoff game against Oakland. The fumble was overturned under the now-infamous "tuck rule."  Elise Amendola, AP Fullscreen Brady warms up during the preseason of his 2000 rookie year after he was selected in the sixth round.  Carlos Osorio, AP Fullscreen Brady passed Peyton Manning to break the record for all-time career wins by a quarterback with his 201st victory against the Los Angeles Rams on Dec. 4, 2016.  Greg M. Cooper, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady celebrates after the Patriots beat the Eagles 24-21 in Super Bowl XXXIX in Jacksonville.  Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady sits on the field during the Patriots loss to the Giants in Super Bowl XLVI.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Brady checks out the video board in 2007.  Elise Amendola AP Fullscreen Brady is congratulated by Patriots coach Bill Belichick after New England beat the Colts 44-13 in Brady's first career start on Sept. 30, 2001.  Victoria Arocho, AP Fullscreen Brady at an event before the Citrus Bowl in 1998.  John Amis, AP Fullscreen Brady celebrates winning his fourth title and third Super Bowl MVP with the Patriots' victory over the Seattle Seahawks in Super Bowl XLIX.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady holds up the Vince Lombardi Trophy during the Super Bowl XLIX victory parade.  Stew Milne, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady was injured in the 2008 season opener and missed the entire season.  Stew Milne, US PRESSWIRE Fullscreen Brady speaks to a crowd at a sendoff rally at Gillette Stadium before Super Bowl XLII in 2008.  Stew Milne, AP Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 25 2 of 25 3 of 25 4 of 25 5 of 25 6 of 25 7 of 25 8 of 25 9 of 25 10 of 25 11 of 25 12 of 25 13 of 25 14 of 25 15 of 25 16 of 25 17 of 25 18 of 25 19 of 25 20 of 25 21 of 25 22 of 25 23 of 25 24 of 25 25 of 25 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Would you play the game now knowing what you know about health issues? Haynes: Yes, I would. Because I know a lot about them. One of the things is if I had a concussion, I would not continue to play. I would wait until I was able to play with doctor’s approval or whatever. Back in my era, I didn’t know that I shouldn’t have been playing, and I think in a lot of ways I got fortunate because my cognition was affected or my vision was affected and I couldn’t play anyway. I couldn’t play. But when I found out a headache was a symptom of a concussion, then I realized I needed more information. I didn’t have that. It was obvious I couldn’t play with those two issues, but a headache as a symptom? Maybe I played a lot of plays where I shouldn’t have played. So that would be a concern of mine and I would want to try to figure out a way to know if I had a concussion or not. Bishop: I was so passionate about football I probably would. But I wish I would have known what I know now. That’s probably why my son doesn’t play. He told me no. He played for a couple years. Was pretty good, too. He played sixth-, seventh- and eighth-grade. … He’s his own person. Golic: Yeah. I played the game because I loved playing football. My dad played when he was in the Marines, Camp Lejeune. He was on their football team. Went to Indiana University for a year, played there. Went up to Canada, played seven years in the CFL. And I used to, as a young kid, he’d take me down to the park, set me on the field and he’s just go running, getting himself in shape. And I used to watch, and I don’t know, maybe I was trying to fulfill a dream of being like my dad. But we would watch football together, and when I got a chance to play it, I took it. Robinson: Absolutely. It’s afforded my family a different life. I was of the generation that was a little bit more informed than my predecessors, the people that came before me. When I started playing this game I knew that there was a big risk that it may take five, 10 years off my life. I knew there was a big risk that I may be walking a little funny one day. But I wouldn’t change my journey, I wouldn’t change the things that I’ve learned. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Patriots, Falcons practice for Super Bowl LI  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady participates in a drill during practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Friday, Feb. 3, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots players practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Friday, Feb. 3, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan (2) throws during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Friday, Feb. 3, 2017, in Houston.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons tackle Ryan Schraeder (73), offensive guard Chris Chester (65) and center Alex Mack (51) go through drills with teammates during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Friday, Feb. 3, 2017, in Houston.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons running back Devonta Freeman (24) takes a handoff from quarterback Matt Ryan (2) during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Houston.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan (2) takes a snap from center Alex Mack (51) during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Houston.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons tackle Ryan Schraeder (73), guard Andy Levitre (67) and guard Wes Schweitzer (71) run through drills with teammates during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Houston.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots players participate in a drill during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady watches a drill during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots running back James White participates in a drill during practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game against the Atlanta Falcons. Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady participates in a drill during practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game against the Atlanta Falcons. Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots cornerback Malcolm Butler (21) participates in a drill during practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game against the Atlanta Falcons. Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick watches during practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game against the Atlanta Falcons.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots cornerback Cyrus Jones is assisted by a trainer during practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game against the Atlanta Falcons. Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots players practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game against the Atlanta Falcons. Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons wide receiver Julio Jones (11) catches the ball as he goes through drills during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston. Atlanta will face the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl Sunday.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan (2) throws during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston. Atlanta will face the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl Sunday.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons center Alex Mack (51) signals to teammates during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston. Atlanta will face the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl Sunday.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons players go through drills during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons tackle Ryan Schraeder (73) and teammates go through drills during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston. Atlanta will face the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl Sunday.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 20 2 of 20 3 of 20 4 of 20 5 of 20 6 of 20 7 of 20 8 of 20 9 of 20 10 of 20 11 of 20 12 of 20 13 of 20 14 of 20 15 of 20 16 of 20 17 of 20 18 of 20 19 of 20 20 of 20 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 292 CONNECTTWEET 2 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE NEVER MISS OUT Sports Stay in the know and in the zone, 7 days a week, with scores, analysis, and in-depth features and commentary. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Sports NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 292 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Super Bowl 2017 survey: Ex-NFL stars weigh in on state of the game Radio row in the days leading up to Super Bowl LI, like always, has featured a who’s who of football stars from the past and present. Post to Facebook Super Bowl 2017 survey: Ex-NFL stars weigh in on state of the game Radio row in the days leading up to Super Bowl LI, like always, has featured a who’s who of football stars from the past and present.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kaky7R {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Super Bowl 2017 survey: Ex-NFL stars weigh in on state of the game Jason Wolf and Zak Keefer, USA TODAY Network 10:49 a.m. ET Feb. 5, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share USA TODAY Sports' Lorenzo Reyes notes that Brady and Belichick's ages could mean that their illustrious careers might be winding down. USA TODAY Sports General overall view of NFL official Wilson Duke Super Bowl LI logo football at NRG Stadium prior to Super Bowl LI between the Atlanta Falcons and the New England Patriots. (Photo: Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports) 292 CONNECTTWEET 2 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE HOUSTON – Radio row in the days leading up to Super Bowl LI, like always, has featured a who’s who of football stars from the past and present. USA TODAY Sports surveyed six former players from various eras to learn what they like and don’t like about today’s game, a rule they’d want to change and whether they’d play now, knowing more about health issues. They are all Pro Bowlers. Four are Super Bowl champs. One is Hall of Famer. The group was split evenly between offense and defense. The panel included: Blaine Bishop: Former Oilers, Titans and Eagles safety, 1993-2002; Bob Golic: Former Patriots, Browns and Raiders defensive tackle, 1979-92; Mike Haynes: Hall of Famer, former Patriots and Raiders cornerback, 1976-89; Shaun O’Hara: Former Browns and Giants guard/center, 2000-10; Michael Robinson: Former 49ers and Seahawks fullback, 2006-13; Reggie Wayne: Former Colts wide receiver, 2001-14. USA TODAY How much longer can Tom Brady, Bill Belichick go? USA TODAY Legacy lost: Should Titans return ‘Oilers’ to Houston, site of Super Bowl LI? What do you love about today’s game? Haynes: It’s action-packed. A lot of passes, a lot of big plays. I like that. I think that’s really great. I also love that it’s a safer game, and they’re working really hard to make it safer. Bishop: The team camaraderie that you build, kind of like a brotherhood. Everybody has a role and you have the sacrifice. We were all great players in college. But you have to relish your role and have you’re guys’ back and do your job. Really, that equates to being a professional. That’s never changed. It’s an attribute that you actually can’t teach unless you play, and I’m not going to say football, but sports in general. Golic: That people are still playing football. That it’s still the game, to a certain extent, the game that we loved back in the day. It’s obviously changed a little bit with the hitting and some of the rules. O’Hara: It allows players to have fun. There’s times where you see things on social media where you say, “Wow, that’s great. That’s great you got to share that cause.” There’s so many great things that go on that were left uncovered or unsaid or people didn’t see (when I played). Robinson: The competition. Love the competition. Love the soft skills that football teaches you. I played quarterback (for a while up until college). To be able to look every man in the eye and have them believe in you? That’s a skill. Stuff that you learn in the classroom and be able to go out there and perform it? That’s a skill. To be able take the philosophy from your coach and be able to pump it and inject it into a locker room? That’s a skill. That’s what I love most about this game. USA TODAY Super Bowl 51 matchups to watch: Can Patriots ground Julio Jones, Falcons? USA TODAY What keeps Tom Brady-Bill Belichick bond strong for Patriots through 17 years? CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Kia | 0:00 With the help of the new hybrid Kia Niro, actress Melissa McCarthy saves the world. Kia 1 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Sprite | 0:30 LeBron James wants you to drink Sprite, even if he won't say so. 2 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Alfa Romeo - Mozzafiato | 0:30 Alfa Romeo debuts a cinematic commercial for this year's Super Bowl. 3 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Turkish Airlines | 0:45 Morgan Freeman stars in Turkish Airlines' new Super Bowl ad. 4 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Tide | 0:15 Tide debuts the second part of it's humorous Super Bowl ad. 5 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAD Meter 2017: Paramount - Baywatch | 0:30 Paramount debuts it's trailer for the upcoming movie Baywatch. 6 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Amazon | 0:30 Amazon releases it's humorous Super Bowl commercial. 7 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #NSFWireless | 1:00 Kristen Schaal stars in this humorous T-Mobile Super Bowl ad. 8 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: 20th Century Fox - A Cure For Wellness | 0:39 20th Century Fox debuts the trailer for A Cure For Wellness. 9 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Coca-Cola | 0:30 Coca-Cola's mouth-watering Super Bowl ad features foodies preparing (and eating) a variety of gourmet meals. 10 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Persil | 0:30 Persil's new Super Bowl commercial features famous scientist Bill Nye. 11 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Airbnb | 0:30 Airbnb debuts it Super Bowl LI commercial with a message of acceptance. 12 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Snickers | 0:31 Snickers debuts it's live Super Bowl commercial. 13 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Universal - The Fate of the Furious | 1:00 Universal debuts the latest installment in the Fast and Furious series. 14 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Alfa Romeo - Riding Dragons | 1:00 Alfa Romeo debuts one of it's powerful commercials which will air during the Super Bowl. 15 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: It's a 10 Haircare | 0:30 It's a 10 Haircare makes it Super Bowl commercial debut. 16 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Netflix - Stranger Things | 0:36 Netflix debuts the trailer for the new season of Stranger Things. 17 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: TurboTax | 0:45 Turbo Tax debuts it's humorous Super Bowl ad featuring Humpty Dumpty. 18 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Paramount - Transformers | 0:32 The trailer for the latest film in the Transformers series. 19 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: 20th Century Fox - Logan | 0:30 20th Century Fox debuts it's commercial for the movie Logan. 20 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Bai | 0:30 Justin Timberlake and Christopher Walken star in Bai's Super Bowl ad. 21 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd meter 2017: Disney - Pirates of the Caribbean | 0:45 Disney debuts it's trailer for Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales. 22 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Tide | 1:15 Terry Bradshaw stars in Tide's new Super Bowl ad. 23 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: H&R Block | 1:00 Jon Hamm stars in H&R blocks new Super Bowl commercial. 24 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Mobile Strike | 0:30 Mobile Strike debuts it's new commercial at Super Bowl LI. 25 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Avocados From Mexico | 0:30 A secret society has trouble keeping secrets, including the health benefits of avocados. (Also, Jon Lovitz shows up.) 26 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Google | 1:00 Google introduces "Google Home" in its new Super Bowl ad. 27 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: NFL - Inside These Lines | 1:00 The NFL debuts its dramatic commercial for this year's Super Bowl. 28 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #BagOfUnlimited | 0:30 Martha Stewart and Snoop Dogg star in a hilarious Super Bowl ad for T-Mobile. 29 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #Punished | 0:30 Kristen Schaal stars in a steamy Super Bowl ad for T-Mobile. 30 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: American Petroleum Institute | 0:31 On Sunday, the American Petroleum Institute will air its first-ever Super Bowl ad. 31 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wix | 0:30 Action stars Gal Gadot and Jason Statham wreaking havoc inside a restaurant inspires the chef. 32 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wargaming - Real Awful Moms | 0:15 An episode of fictional show Real Awful Moms is interrupted in this spot for video game World of Tanks. 33 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wargaming - Teensy House Hunters | 0:15 An episode of fictional show Teensy House Buyers is interrupted in this ad for video game World of Tanks. 34 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Michelin | 0:30 Michelin tires help people safely make it home to their families. 35 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: 84 Lumber | 1:30 84 Lumber's first Super Bowl ad tells the story of an immigrant family's journey to America. 36 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Hulu | 0:30 A trailer for The Handmaid’s Tale, a new Hulu series featuring Mad Men star Elisabeth Moss. 37 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Michelob Ultra | 0:30 Fitness enthusiasts bond over their shared passion in this Michelob ULTRA spot, which features the theme song from 'Cheers', 38 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: WeatherTech | 0:30 WeatherTech, which makes its car floor mats in America, shows just how far it will go to protect your vehicle. 39 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: NFL | 0:30 The NFL's Super Bowl ad is the definition of adorable. NFL 40 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Honda | 1:00 Yearbook photos of celebrities such as Steve Carell, Tina Fey, and Magic Johnson come to life in this ad, a celebration of the 20th birthday of the Honda CR-V. 41 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: T-Mobile | 1:00 Justin Bieber, Rob Gronkowski, and Terrell Owens take us through the history of the touchdown dance. 42 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Bud Light | 1:31 Bud Light Icon Spuds MacKenzie returns in the new Super Bowl Ad as a man's best friend to show that it was never about the parties, but friendships made along the way. 43 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Top Games | 0:30 Actors Aaron Eckhart, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, and Fan Bingbing star in "The Battle of Evony" a short movie promoting the mobile game Evony: The King’s Return. 44 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Audi | 1:00 Audi's Super Bowl ad, featuring a man watching her daughter win on the race track, advocates for equal pay. 45 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Sprint | 0:30 A man fakes his own death to get out of his Verizon contract before being convinced to switch to Sprint. 46 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Nintendo | 0:30 Nintendo introduces the new Switch console with clips from the game The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. 47 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wonderful Pistachios | 0:15 Ernie the Elephant, voiced by WWE star John Cena, discovers the benefits of Wonderful Pistachios. 48 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Ford | 1:43 Narrated by actor Bryan Cranston, Ford's Super Bowl LI ad focuses on the automaker's future plans. 49 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Squarespace | 0:30 Actor John Malkovich struggles to secure the domain name JohnMalkovich.com in Squarespace's new ad. 50 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: King's Hawaiian | 0:30 A man trying to stash away his King's Hawaiian rolls chooses a hiding place that isn't as secret as he thinks it is. 51 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: LIFEWTR | 0:30 John Legend and PepsiCo's new LIFEWTR bottled water brings color to a drab world. 52 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Busch | 0:30 Busch's first ever Super Bowl ad reintroduces the beer to the world by embracing the great outdoors. 53 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: KFC | 0:15 KFC's first Super Bowl ad stars actors Billy Zane and Rob Riggle as dueling versions of Colonel Sanders. 54 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Buick | 1:00 In the latest installment of the automaker's "That's a Buick?" campaign, NFL star Cam Newton and supermodel Miranda Kerr each make a surprise appearance at a pee wee football game. 55 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: GoDaddy | 0:30 GoDaddy's Super Bowl spot stars a man who completely embodies the most fun parts of the Internet. 56 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Budweiser | 1:00 The story of Adolphus Busch, the German immigrant who co-founded Anheuser-Busch in the 1800s. 57 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Intel | 0:30 With its new 360-degree replay technology, Intel spices up Tom Brady's morning routine. 58 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Skittles | 0:30 A teenager trying to get a girl's attention with Skittles unknowingly gets more than he bargained for. 59 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Mr. Clean | 0:30 The newly buff Mr. Clean dazzles in his first Super Bowl ad. 60 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Febreze | 0:30 Febreze vows to make sure that your football halftime bathroom break won't stink. 61 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Fiji Water | 0:15 Fiji Water's new Super Bowl commercial stresses the importance of untouched water. 62 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wendy's | 0:31 Wendy's touts its fresh beef and pokes fun of its competitors' frozen burgers. 63 of 63Last VideoNext Video Ad Meter 2017: Kia Ad Meter 2017: Sprite Ad Meter 2017: Alfa Romeo - Mozzafiato Ad Meter 2017: Turkish Airlines Ad Meter 2017: Tide AD Meter 2017: Paramount - Baywatch Ad Meter 2017: Amazon Ad Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #NSFWireless Ad Meter 2017: 20th Century Fox - A Cure For Wellness Ad Meter 2017: Coca-Cola Ad Meter 2017: Persil Ad Meter 2017: Airbnb Ad Meter 2017: Snickers Ad Meter 2017: Universal - The Fate of the Furious Ad Meter 2017: Alfa Romeo - Riding Dragons Ad Meter 2017: It's a 10 Haircare Ad Meter 2017: Netflix - Stranger Things Ad Meter 2017: TurboTax Ad Meter 2017: Paramount - Transformers Ad Meter 2017: 20th Century Fox - Logan Ad Meter 2017: Bai Ad meter 2017: Disney - Pirates of the Caribbean Ad Meter 2017: Tide Ad Meter 2017: H&R Block Ad Meter 2017: Mobile Strike Ad Meter 2017: Avocados From Mexico Ad Meter 2017: Google Ad Meter 2017: NFL - Inside These Lines Ad Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #BagOfUnlimited Ad Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #Punished Ad Meter 2017: American Petroleum Institute Ad Meter 2017: Wix Ad Meter 2017: Wargaming - Real Awful Moms Ad Meter 2017: Wargaming - Teensy House Hunters Ad Meter 2017: Michelin Ad Meter 2017: 84 Lumber Ad Meter 2017: Hulu Ad Meter 2017: Michelob Ultra Ad Meter 2017: WeatherTech Ad Meter 2017: NFL Ad Meter 2017: Honda Ad Meter 2017: T-Mobile Ad Meter 2017: Bud Light Ad Meter 2017: Top Games Ad Meter 2017: Audi Ad Meter 2017: Sprint Ad Meter 2017: Nintendo Ad Meter 2017: Wonderful Pistachios Ad Meter 2017: Ford Ad Meter 2017: Squarespace Ad Meter 2017: King's Hawaiian Ad Meter 2017: LIFEWTR Ad Meter 2017: Busch Ad Meter 2017: KFC Ad Meter 2017: Buick Ad Meter 2017: GoDaddy Ad Meter 2017: Budweiser Ad Meter 2017: Intel Ad Meter 2017: Skittles Ad Meter 2017: Mr. Clean Ad Meter 2017: Febreze Ad Meter 2017: Fiji Water Ad Meter 2017: Wendy's What do you dislike about today’s game? Wayne: It’s kinda leaning towards the flag football side. It’s getting a little softer, man. Even though I was a receiver and played on offense, I look at some of the calls today and I’m like, “That’s defenseless?” (The defense) is at a disadvantage. They really are. You don’t know how to hit a guy these days, you know what I mean? As a receiver, you’re like, “Thanks?” You look at a lot of these receivers now, they’ll probably play a long time, as long as they can take care of (their) body. It’s to the point now where I feel like a lot of these careers (of the receivers) will be extended. Haynes: Some of the things I dislike are also some of the things I like, you know? The officiating, it’s not 100%. And I think that’s what makes the game also a good game. I hit you, and one guy calls it pass interference. Another guys says, “That’s football.” I’m talking the officials. So as a player, I have to figure out, “Which guy are you? What can I get away with? It’s not black and white.” Bishop: There are bigger, stronger, faster athletes, but I just don’t think they’re disciplined. I don’t think they’re coached up. I just think it’s just a game of great athletes out there running around now, who really don’t study and care about the game. It’s all for the money. There was a passion there that I had, that most guys had in my era that just loved the game. They probably would have played for free. I probably would have. And today’s new millennial athlete, it just doesn’t work that way. They learn everything on video and everything else. It’s kind of like certain things you assume that they know, little nuances of the game, they really don’t know. Golic: I hate the fact that nowadays, the collective bargaining agreement basically said you can only have so many days of full contact practices. And we went in for 3 ½ weeks and it was all, until people were falling down, we would go full pads, full contact all the time. Of course, that’s just bitterness and envy jumping out of me now. The focus on controlling the violence. They tell you how to hit, where to hit. I understand some of the things like no spearing. We weren’t allowed to do that back in the time either. But now every time you come near a quarterback, if your hand even touches his helmet, they’re hitting you with a penalty. O’Hara: I think one of the challenges that is tough now is you can get in trouble without ever getting out of bed. With social media now, with your phones and everything you have now, everybody has access to you. As a player it’s so hard right now to not be distracted, because distractions are coming at you from every angle. That to me is probably the toughest things the players and teams are facing. There’s not a lot that’s sacred. You used to go in the locker room and it’s like, “What is said (in here) stays in here.” Now, you never know. Everybody’s a reporter. Everything is out there. So that’s a challenge. I think the other thing too is it’s a different game now. One of the things I liked about the old school football players is that they genuinely disliked each other. It made for good theater. Now everybody is buddies, all friends on everything, and the jersey swap after the game has kind of become the big thing. You kind of lose that animosity that made game day great. USA TODAY Super Bowl 2017 odds: Latest on spread movement, MVP bets USA TODAY Fifteen years ago, the Patriots were the dynasty no one saw coming What is one rule change you’d like to see? Wayne: I’d make a lot of them. Targeting to the head. I mean obviously, that’s tough. They can try and launch and try to hit you in the chest area but I know as a receiver, I know when you’re there, I’m gonna duck. And all of a sudden you hit me in my head. I get it. It’s a tough sport and we know the history of concussions and all that stuff. (Expletive), that’s what we signed up for. Bishop: I’m trying to figure out which one I want to go with. Being a defensive back, that pass interference is not a spot foul. It should just be a 15-yard penalty. … The reason why I say that now is because if you barely touch a guy – back in the day, you could touch a guy down the field, and when I was playing you could have a little bit of contact and still not call pass interference. Some guy can run in the back of you, you can be looking at the ball and everything and they could still call pass interference. You’ve got to be looking at the ball. OK, well, I’m looking at the ball and I cut his path off. I have the right to the ball just as much as he does, but the way the rules are set up, now is everything’s for the offense because they want more points. But I don’t think that now justifies having a spot foul. Because you can just throw the ball up and a guy can get contact easily, to me, and you can call that pass interference. Another rule that I wish we’d change – I want the referees to be able to pass an obstacle course, physicals and times to justify, because I think they’re getting the wrong angles and not being in the right positions because I don’t think they’re in shape enough to actually be in the right position to make an appropriate call. Golic: Nobody can hit the nose tackle. Nobody over 200 pounds. Centers must be the size of kickers. That’d be a good one. O’Hara: If I could change one thing I’d move the Pro Bowl back to Hawaii and I’d make it after the Super Bowl. I think the whole spirit of the Pro Bowl was a reward for the players, a reward for a great season. And to not have some of the best players in the Pro Bowl because they’re playing the Super Bowl, to me, is wrong. If you got 5-7 guys who make the Pro Bowl, and to go to the Super Bowl and win it, and you go to the Pro Bowl after you just won the Super Bowl, it’s probably the best week ever. To not have that is just a shame. And if people wanted to make it more competitive, I wouldn’t pay the losing team. You wanna see guys play hard in the fourth quarter, if you know you have to cut a check for all the flights and hotels? Robinson: We do have a lot rules. I get it, it’s all about protection. With the advent of spread offenses and how that’s starting to infiltrate our game – and it’s all on the college level, it all starts with job security there with coaches because they have to win now and score points. At the end of the day we’re hurting quarterbacks, the most important position. When I was playing flag, especially in my younger days, as the quarterback I had to go into a huddle, had to look every man in the eye, and tell him the play. They don’t do that anymore. Some quarterbacks never had to. If I had to change something, and I have some stuff I’m going to be talking to the NFL about, they need to go and reinvest back into the kid, back into the community, and I think that’ll help this whole dynamic. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Tom Brady through the years  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady raises the Lombardi Trophy for the fifth time in his career, an NFL record for a quarterback.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady guided his team to a victory over the Atlanta Falcons in Super Bowl LI by going 43-for-62 with 466 yards and two touchdowns.  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady celebrates with head coach Bill Belichick (R) after their win over the St. Louis Rams 03 February, 2002 in Super Bowl XXXVI in New Orleans, Louisiana. The Patriots defeated the Rams 20-17.  JEFF HAYNES, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Brady celebrates with the Lamar Hunt Trophy after defeating the Pittsburgh Steelers in the 2016 AFC Championship Game at Gillette Stadium.  Winslow Townson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady reacts after a Patriots score in Super Bowl XLVI.  Robert Scheer, The Star Fullscreen Brady during Michigan's spring game in 1997.  John L. White, AP Fullscreen Brady and Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning (18) meet on the field after the Patriots' loss in the 2015 AFC Championship football game. The meeting was the last between the two rivals, with Brady holding an 11-6 record against Manning.  Chris Humphreys, Chris Humphreys-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady evades pressure during the Patriots' 20-17 win in Super Bowl XXXVI over the St. Louis Rams in New Orleans, Brady's first title.  Brad Kemp, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady celebrates after the Patriots' 32-29 win over the Carolina Panthers in Super Bowl XXXVIII in Houston, Brady's second title.  H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen After serving his four-game Deflategate suspension to start the 2016 season, Brady threw three touchdowns against the Cleveland Browns in his return to action.  Ken Blaze, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady with his wife, Brazilian supermodel Gisele Bundchen, at Carnival in Rio de Janeiro in 2011.  Rodrigo Abd AP Fullscreen Brady chats with wide receiver Randy Moss after setting the single-season records for passing touchdowns (50) and receiving touchdowns (23) in the Patriots' 16-0 2007 season.  Julie Jacobson, AP Fullscreen Brady with then-girlfriend, actress Bridget Moynahan in 2005. The couple dated from 2004 to 2006 and Moynahan had Brady's son in 2007.  Adam Hunger, AP Fullscreen Brady loses the bull during the 2002 AFC Divisional Playoff game against Oakland. The fumble was overturned under the now-infamous "tuck rule."  Elise Amendola, AP Fullscreen Brady warms up during the preseason of his 2000 rookie year after he was selected in the sixth round.  Carlos Osorio, AP Fullscreen Brady passed Peyton Manning to break the record for all-time career wins by a quarterback with his 201st victory against the Los Angeles Rams on Dec. 4, 2016.  Greg M. Cooper, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady celebrates after the Patriots beat the Eagles 24-21 in Super Bowl XXXIX in Jacksonville.  Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady sits on the field during the Patriots loss to the Giants in Super Bowl XLVI.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Brady checks out the video board in 2007.  Elise Amendola AP Fullscreen Brady is congratulated by Patriots coach Bill Belichick after New England beat the Colts 44-13 in Brady's first career start on Sept. 30, 2001.  Victoria Arocho, AP Fullscreen Brady at an event before the Citrus Bowl in 1998.  John Amis, AP Fullscreen Brady celebrates winning his fourth title and third Super Bowl MVP with the Patriots' victory over the Seattle Seahawks in Super Bowl XLIX.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady holds up the Vince Lombardi Trophy during the Super Bowl XLIX victory parade.  Stew Milne, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady was injured in the 2008 season opener and missed the entire season.  Stew Milne, US PRESSWIRE Fullscreen Brady speaks to a crowd at a sendoff rally at Gillette Stadium before Super Bowl XLII in 2008.  Stew Milne, AP Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 25 2 of 25 3 of 25 4 of 25 5 of 25 6 of 25 7 of 25 8 of 25 9 of 25 10 of 25 11 of 25 12 of 25 13 of 25 14 of 25 15 of 25 16 of 25 17 of 25 18 of 25 19 of 25 20 of 25 21 of 25 22 of 25 23 of 25 24 of 25 25 of 25 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Would you play the game now knowing what you know about health issues? Haynes: Yes, I would. Because I know a lot about them. One of the things is if I had a concussion, I would not continue to play. I would wait until I was able to play with doctor’s approval or whatever. Back in my era, I didn’t know that I shouldn’t have been playing, and I think in a lot of ways I got fortunate because my cognition was affected or my vision was affected and I couldn’t play anyway. I couldn’t play. But when I found out a headache was a symptom of a concussion, then I realized I needed more information. I didn’t have that. It was obvious I couldn’t play with those two issues, but a headache as a symptom? Maybe I played a lot of plays where I shouldn’t have played. So that would be a concern of mine and I would want to try to figure out a way to know if I had a concussion or not. Bishop: I was so passionate about football I probably would. But I wish I would have known what I know now. That’s probably why my son doesn’t play. He told me no. He played for a couple years. Was pretty good, too. He played sixth-, seventh- and eighth-grade. … He’s his own person. Golic: Yeah. I played the game because I loved playing football. My dad played when he was in the Marines, Camp Lejeune. He was on their football team. Went to Indiana University for a year, played there. Went up to Canada, played seven years in the CFL. And I used to, as a young kid, he’d take me down to the park, set me on the field and he’s just go running, getting himself in shape. And I used to watch, and I don’t know, maybe I was trying to fulfill a dream of being like my dad. But we would watch football together, and when I got a chance to play it, I took it. Robinson: Absolutely. It’s afforded my family a different life. I was of the generation that was a little bit more informed than my predecessors, the people that came before me. When I started playing this game I knew that there was a big risk that it may take five, 10 years off my life. I knew there was a big risk that I may be walking a little funny one day. But I wouldn’t change my journey, I wouldn’t change the things that I’ve learned. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Patriots, Falcons practice for Super Bowl LI  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady participates in a drill during practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Friday, Feb. 3, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots players practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Friday, Feb. 3, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan (2) throws during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Friday, Feb. 3, 2017, in Houston.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons tackle Ryan Schraeder (73), offensive guard Chris Chester (65) and center Alex Mack (51) go through drills with teammates during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Friday, Feb. 3, 2017, in Houston.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons running back Devonta Freeman (24) takes a handoff from quarterback Matt Ryan (2) during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Houston.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan (2) takes a snap from center Alex Mack (51) during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Houston.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons tackle Ryan Schraeder (73), guard Andy Levitre (67) and guard Wes Schweitzer (71) run through drills with teammates during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Houston.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots players participate in a drill during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady watches a drill during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots running back James White participates in a drill during practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game against the Atlanta Falcons. Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady participates in a drill during practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game against the Atlanta Falcons. Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots cornerback Malcolm Butler (21) participates in a drill during practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game against the Atlanta Falcons. Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick watches during practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game against the Atlanta Falcons.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots cornerback Cyrus Jones is assisted by a trainer during practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game against the Atlanta Falcons. Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots players practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game against the Atlanta Falcons. Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons wide receiver Julio Jones (11) catches the ball as he goes through drills during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston. Atlanta will face the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl Sunday.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan (2) throws during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston. Atlanta will face the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl Sunday.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons center Alex Mack (51) signals to teammates during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston. Atlanta will face the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl Sunday.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons players go through drills during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons tackle Ryan Schraeder (73) and teammates go through drills during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston. Atlanta will face the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl Sunday.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 20 2 of 20 3 of 20 4 of 20 5 of 20 6 of 20 7 of 20 8 of 20 9 of 20 10 of 20 11 of 20 12 of 20 13 of 20 14 of 20 15 of 20 16 of 20 17 of 20 18 of 20 19 of 20 20 of 20 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 292 CONNECTTWEET 2 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE NEVER MISS OUT Sports Stay in the know and in the zone, 7 days a week, with scores, analysis, and in-depth features and commentary. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Sports NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 292 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Super Bowl 2017 survey: Ex-NFL stars weigh in on state of the game Radio row in the days leading up to Super Bowl LI, like always, has featured a who’s who of football stars from the past and present. Post to Facebook Super Bowl 2017 survey: Ex-NFL stars weigh in on state of the game Radio row in the days leading up to Super Bowl LI, like always, has featured a who’s who of football stars from the past and present.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kaky7R {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Super Bowl 2017 survey: Ex-NFL stars weigh in on state of the game Jason Wolf and Zak Keefer, USA TODAY Network 10:49 a.m. ET Feb. 5, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share USA TODAY Sports' Lorenzo Reyes notes that Brady and Belichick's ages could mean that their illustrious careers might be winding down. USA TODAY Sports General overall view of NFL official Wilson Duke Super Bowl LI logo football at NRG Stadium prior to Super Bowl LI between the Atlanta Falcons and the New England Patriots. (Photo: Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports) 292 CONNECTTWEET 2 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE HOUSTON – Radio row in the days leading up to Super Bowl LI, like always, has featured a who’s who of football stars from the past and present. USA TODAY Sports surveyed six former players from various eras to learn what they like and don’t like about today’s game, a rule they’d want to change and whether they’d play now, knowing more about health issues. They are all Pro Bowlers. Four are Super Bowl champs. One is Hall of Famer. The group was split evenly between offense and defense. The panel included: Blaine Bishop: Former Oilers, Titans and Eagles safety, 1993-2002; Bob Golic: Former Patriots, Browns and Raiders defensive tackle, 1979-92; Mike Haynes: Hall of Famer, former Patriots and Raiders cornerback, 1976-89; Shaun O’Hara: Former Browns and Giants guard/center, 2000-10; Michael Robinson: Former 49ers and Seahawks fullback, 2006-13; Reggie Wayne: Former Colts wide receiver, 2001-14. USA TODAY How much longer can Tom Brady, Bill Belichick go? USA TODAY Legacy lost: Should Titans return ‘Oilers’ to Houston, site of Super Bowl LI? What do you love about today’s game? Haynes: It’s action-packed. A lot of passes, a lot of big plays. I like that. I think that’s really great. I also love that it’s a safer game, and they’re working really hard to make it safer. Bishop: The team camaraderie that you build, kind of like a brotherhood. Everybody has a role and you have the sacrifice. We were all great players in college. But you have to relish your role and have you’re guys’ back and do your job. Really, that equates to being a professional. That’s never changed. It’s an attribute that you actually can’t teach unless you play, and I’m not going to say football, but sports in general. Golic: That people are still playing football. That it’s still the game, to a certain extent, the game that we loved back in the day. It’s obviously changed a little bit with the hitting and some of the rules. O’Hara: It allows players to have fun. There’s times where you see things on social media where you say, “Wow, that’s great. That’s great you got to share that cause.” There’s so many great things that go on that were left uncovered or unsaid or people didn’t see (when I played). Robinson: The competition. Love the competition. Love the soft skills that football teaches you. I played quarterback (for a while up until college). To be able to look every man in the eye and have them believe in you? That’s a skill. Stuff that you learn in the classroom and be able to go out there and perform it? That’s a skill. To be able take the philosophy from your coach and be able to pump it and inject it into a locker room? That’s a skill. That’s what I love most about this game. USA TODAY Super Bowl 51 matchups to watch: Can Patriots ground Julio Jones, Falcons? USA TODAY What keeps Tom Brady-Bill Belichick bond strong for Patriots through 17 years? CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Kia | 0:00 With the help of the new hybrid Kia Niro, actress Melissa McCarthy saves the world. Kia 1 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Sprite | 0:30 LeBron James wants you to drink Sprite, even if he won't say so. 2 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Alfa Romeo - Mozzafiato | 0:30 Alfa Romeo debuts a cinematic commercial for this year's Super Bowl. 3 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Turkish Airlines | 0:45 Morgan Freeman stars in Turkish Airlines' new Super Bowl ad. 4 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Tide | 0:15 Tide debuts the second part of it's humorous Super Bowl ad. 5 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAD Meter 2017: Paramount - Baywatch | 0:30 Paramount debuts it's trailer for the upcoming movie Baywatch. 6 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Amazon | 0:30 Amazon releases it's humorous Super Bowl commercial. 7 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #NSFWireless | 1:00 Kristen Schaal stars in this humorous T-Mobile Super Bowl ad. 8 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: 20th Century Fox - A Cure For Wellness | 0:39 20th Century Fox debuts the trailer for A Cure For Wellness. 9 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Coca-Cola | 0:30 Coca-Cola's mouth-watering Super Bowl ad features foodies preparing (and eating) a variety of gourmet meals. 10 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Persil | 0:30 Persil's new Super Bowl commercial features famous scientist Bill Nye. 11 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Airbnb | 0:30 Airbnb debuts it Super Bowl LI commercial with a message of acceptance. 12 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Snickers | 0:31 Snickers debuts it's live Super Bowl commercial. 13 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Universal - The Fate of the Furious | 1:00 Universal debuts the latest installment in the Fast and Furious series. 14 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Alfa Romeo - Riding Dragons | 1:00 Alfa Romeo debuts one of it's powerful commercials which will air during the Super Bowl. 15 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: It's a 10 Haircare | 0:30 It's a 10 Haircare makes it Super Bowl commercial debut. 16 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Netflix - Stranger Things | 0:36 Netflix debuts the trailer for the new season of Stranger Things. 17 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: TurboTax | 0:45 Turbo Tax debuts it's humorous Super Bowl ad featuring Humpty Dumpty. 18 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Paramount - Transformers | 0:32 The trailer for the latest film in the Transformers series. 19 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: 20th Century Fox - Logan | 0:30 20th Century Fox debuts it's commercial for the movie Logan. 20 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Bai | 0:30 Justin Timberlake and Christopher Walken star in Bai's Super Bowl ad. 21 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd meter 2017: Disney - Pirates of the Caribbean | 0:45 Disney debuts it's trailer for Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales. 22 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Tide | 1:15 Terry Bradshaw stars in Tide's new Super Bowl ad. 23 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: H&R Block | 1:00 Jon Hamm stars in H&R blocks new Super Bowl commercial. 24 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Mobile Strike | 0:30 Mobile Strike debuts it's new commercial at Super Bowl LI. 25 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Avocados From Mexico | 0:30 A secret society has trouble keeping secrets, including the health benefits of avocados. (Also, Jon Lovitz shows up.) 26 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Google | 1:00 Google introduces "Google Home" in its new Super Bowl ad. 27 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: NFL - Inside These Lines | 1:00 The NFL debuts its dramatic commercial for this year's Super Bowl. 28 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #BagOfUnlimited | 0:30 Martha Stewart and Snoop Dogg star in a hilarious Super Bowl ad for T-Mobile. 29 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #Punished | 0:30 Kristen Schaal stars in a steamy Super Bowl ad for T-Mobile. 30 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: American Petroleum Institute | 0:31 On Sunday, the American Petroleum Institute will air its first-ever Super Bowl ad. 31 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wix | 0:30 Action stars Gal Gadot and Jason Statham wreaking havoc inside a restaurant inspires the chef. 32 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wargaming - Real Awful Moms | 0:15 An episode of fictional show Real Awful Moms is interrupted in this spot for video game World of Tanks. 33 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wargaming - Teensy House Hunters | 0:15 An episode of fictional show Teensy House Buyers is interrupted in this ad for video game World of Tanks. 34 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Michelin | 0:30 Michelin tires help people safely make it home to their families. 35 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: 84 Lumber | 1:30 84 Lumber's first Super Bowl ad tells the story of an immigrant family's journey to America. 36 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Hulu | 0:30 A trailer for The Handmaid’s Tale, a new Hulu series featuring Mad Men star Elisabeth Moss. 37 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Michelob Ultra | 0:30 Fitness enthusiasts bond over their shared passion in this Michelob ULTRA spot, which features the theme song from 'Cheers', 38 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: WeatherTech | 0:30 WeatherTech, which makes its car floor mats in America, shows just how far it will go to protect your vehicle. 39 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: NFL | 0:30 The NFL's Super Bowl ad is the definition of adorable. NFL 40 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Honda | 1:00 Yearbook photos of celebrities such as Steve Carell, Tina Fey, and Magic Johnson come to life in this ad, a celebration of the 20th birthday of the Honda CR-V. 41 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: T-Mobile | 1:00 Justin Bieber, Rob Gronkowski, and Terrell Owens take us through the history of the touchdown dance. 42 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Bud Light | 1:31 Bud Light Icon Spuds MacKenzie returns in the new Super Bowl Ad as a man's best friend to show that it was never about the parties, but friendships made along the way. 43 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Top Games | 0:30 Actors Aaron Eckhart, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, and Fan Bingbing star in "The Battle of Evony" a short movie promoting the mobile game Evony: The King’s Return. 44 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Audi | 1:00 Audi's Super Bowl ad, featuring a man watching her daughter win on the race track, advocates for equal pay. 45 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Sprint | 0:30 A man fakes his own death to get out of his Verizon contract before being convinced to switch to Sprint. 46 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Nintendo | 0:30 Nintendo introduces the new Switch console with clips from the game The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. 47 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wonderful Pistachios | 0:15 Ernie the Elephant, voiced by WWE star John Cena, discovers the benefits of Wonderful Pistachios. 48 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Ford | 1:43 Narrated by actor Bryan Cranston, Ford's Super Bowl LI ad focuses on the automaker's future plans. 49 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Squarespace | 0:30 Actor John Malkovich struggles to secure the domain name JohnMalkovich.com in Squarespace's new ad. 50 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: King's Hawaiian | 0:30 A man trying to stash away his King's Hawaiian rolls chooses a hiding place that isn't as secret as he thinks it is. 51 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: LIFEWTR | 0:30 John Legend and PepsiCo's new LIFEWTR bottled water brings color to a drab world. 52 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Busch | 0:30 Busch's first ever Super Bowl ad reintroduces the beer to the world by embracing the great outdoors. 53 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: KFC | 0:15 KFC's first Super Bowl ad stars actors Billy Zane and Rob Riggle as dueling versions of Colonel Sanders. 54 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Buick | 1:00 In the latest installment of the automaker's "That's a Buick?" campaign, NFL star Cam Newton and supermodel Miranda Kerr each make a surprise appearance at a pee wee football game. 55 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: GoDaddy | 0:30 GoDaddy's Super Bowl spot stars a man who completely embodies the most fun parts of the Internet. 56 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Budweiser | 1:00 The story of Adolphus Busch, the German immigrant who co-founded Anheuser-Busch in the 1800s. 57 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Intel | 0:30 With its new 360-degree replay technology, Intel spices up Tom Brady's morning routine. 58 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Skittles | 0:30 A teenager trying to get a girl's attention with Skittles unknowingly gets more than he bargained for. 59 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Mr. Clean | 0:30 The newly buff Mr. Clean dazzles in his first Super Bowl ad. 60 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Febreze | 0:30 Febreze vows to make sure that your football halftime bathroom break won't stink. 61 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Fiji Water | 0:15 Fiji Water's new Super Bowl commercial stresses the importance of untouched water. 62 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wendy's | 0:31 Wendy's touts its fresh beef and pokes fun of its competitors' frozen burgers. 63 of 63Last VideoNext Video Ad Meter 2017: Kia Ad Meter 2017: Sprite Ad Meter 2017: Alfa Romeo - Mozzafiato Ad Meter 2017: Turkish Airlines Ad Meter 2017: Tide AD Meter 2017: Paramount - Baywatch Ad Meter 2017: Amazon Ad Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #NSFWireless Ad Meter 2017: 20th Century Fox - A Cure For Wellness Ad Meter 2017: Coca-Cola Ad Meter 2017: Persil Ad Meter 2017: Airbnb Ad Meter 2017: Snickers Ad Meter 2017: Universal - The Fate of the Furious Ad Meter 2017: Alfa Romeo - Riding Dragons Ad Meter 2017: It's a 10 Haircare Ad Meter 2017: Netflix - Stranger Things Ad Meter 2017: TurboTax Ad Meter 2017: Paramount - Transformers Ad Meter 2017: 20th Century Fox - Logan Ad Meter 2017: Bai Ad meter 2017: Disney - Pirates of the Caribbean Ad Meter 2017: Tide Ad Meter 2017: H&R Block Ad Meter 2017: Mobile Strike Ad Meter 2017: Avocados From Mexico Ad Meter 2017: Google Ad Meter 2017: NFL - Inside These Lines Ad Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #BagOfUnlimited Ad Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #Punished Ad Meter 2017: American Petroleum Institute Ad Meter 2017: Wix Ad Meter 2017: Wargaming - Real Awful Moms Ad Meter 2017: Wargaming - Teensy House Hunters Ad Meter 2017: Michelin Ad Meter 2017: 84 Lumber Ad Meter 2017: Hulu Ad Meter 2017: Michelob Ultra Ad Meter 2017: WeatherTech Ad Meter 2017: NFL Ad Meter 2017: Honda Ad Meter 2017: T-Mobile Ad Meter 2017: Bud Light Ad Meter 2017: Top Games Ad Meter 2017: Audi Ad Meter 2017: Sprint Ad Meter 2017: Nintendo Ad Meter 2017: Wonderful Pistachios Ad Meter 2017: Ford Ad Meter 2017: Squarespace Ad Meter 2017: King's Hawaiian Ad Meter 2017: LIFEWTR Ad Meter 2017: Busch Ad Meter 2017: KFC Ad Meter 2017: Buick Ad Meter 2017: GoDaddy Ad Meter 2017: Budweiser Ad Meter 2017: Intel Ad Meter 2017: Skittles Ad Meter 2017: Mr. Clean Ad Meter 2017: Febreze Ad Meter 2017: Fiji Water Ad Meter 2017: Wendy's What do you dislike about today’s game? Wayne: It’s kinda leaning towards the flag football side. It’s getting a little softer, man. Even though I was a receiver and played on offense, I look at some of the calls today and I’m like, “That’s defenseless?” (The defense) is at a disadvantage. They really are. You don’t know how to hit a guy these days, you know what I mean? As a receiver, you’re like, “Thanks?” You look at a lot of these receivers now, they’ll probably play a long time, as long as they can take care of (their) body. It’s to the point now where I feel like a lot of these careers (of the receivers) will be extended. Haynes: Some of the things I dislike are also some of the things I like, you know? The officiating, it’s not 100%. And I think that’s what makes the game also a good game. I hit you, and one guy calls it pass interference. Another guys says, “That’s football.” I’m talking the officials. So as a player, I have to figure out, “Which guy are you? What can I get away with? It’s not black and white.” Bishop: There are bigger, stronger, faster athletes, but I just don’t think they’re disciplined. I don’t think they’re coached up. I just think it’s just a game of great athletes out there running around now, who really don’t study and care about the game. It’s all for the money. There was a passion there that I had, that most guys had in my era that just loved the game. They probably would have played for free. I probably would have. And today’s new millennial athlete, it just doesn’t work that way. They learn everything on video and everything else. It’s kind of like certain things you assume that they know, little nuances of the game, they really don’t know. Golic: I hate the fact that nowadays, the collective bargaining agreement basically said you can only have so many days of full contact practices. And we went in for 3 ½ weeks and it was all, until people were falling down, we would go full pads, full contact all the time. Of course, that’s just bitterness and envy jumping out of me now. The focus on controlling the violence. They tell you how to hit, where to hit. I understand some of the things like no spearing. We weren’t allowed to do that back in the time either. But now every time you come near a quarterback, if your hand even touches his helmet, they’re hitting you with a penalty. O’Hara: I think one of the challenges that is tough now is you can get in trouble without ever getting out of bed. With social media now, with your phones and everything you have now, everybody has access to you. As a player it’s so hard right now to not be distracted, because distractions are coming at you from every angle. That to me is probably the toughest things the players and teams are facing. There’s not a lot that’s sacred. You used to go in the locker room and it’s like, “What is said (in here) stays in here.” Now, you never know. Everybody’s a reporter. Everything is out there. So that’s a challenge. I think the other thing too is it’s a different game now. One of the things I liked about the old school football players is that they genuinely disliked each other. It made for good theater. Now everybody is buddies, all friends on everything, and the jersey swap after the game has kind of become the big thing. You kind of lose that animosity that made game day great. USA TODAY Super Bowl 2017 odds: Latest on spread movement, MVP bets USA TODAY Fifteen years ago, the Patriots were the dynasty no one saw coming What is one rule change you’d like to see? Wayne: I’d make a lot of them. Targeting to the head. I mean obviously, that’s tough. They can try and launch and try to hit you in the chest area but I know as a receiver, I know when you’re there, I’m gonna duck. And all of a sudden you hit me in my head. I get it. It’s a tough sport and we know the history of concussions and all that stuff. (Expletive), that’s what we signed up for. Bishop: I’m trying to figure out which one I want to go with. Being a defensive back, that pass interference is not a spot foul. It should just be a 15-yard penalty. … The reason why I say that now is because if you barely touch a guy – back in the day, you could touch a guy down the field, and when I was playing you could have a little bit of contact and still not call pass interference. Some guy can run in the back of you, you can be looking at the ball and everything and they could still call pass interference. You’ve got to be looking at the ball. OK, well, I’m looking at the ball and I cut his path off. I have the right to the ball just as much as he does, but the way the rules are set up, now is everything’s for the offense because they want more points. But I don’t think that now justifies having a spot foul. Because you can just throw the ball up and a guy can get contact easily, to me, and you can call that pass interference. Another rule that I wish we’d change – I want the referees to be able to pass an obstacle course, physicals and times to justify, because I think they’re getting the wrong angles and not being in the right positions because I don’t think they’re in shape enough to actually be in the right position to make an appropriate call. Golic: Nobody can hit the nose tackle. Nobody over 200 pounds. Centers must be the size of kickers. That’d be a good one. O’Hara: If I could change one thing I’d move the Pro Bowl back to Hawaii and I’d make it after the Super Bowl. I think the whole spirit of the Pro Bowl was a reward for the players, a reward for a great season. And to not have some of the best players in the Pro Bowl because they’re playing the Super Bowl, to me, is wrong. If you got 5-7 guys who make the Pro Bowl, and to go to the Super Bowl and win it, and you go to the Pro Bowl after you just won the Super Bowl, it’s probably the best week ever. To not have that is just a shame. And if people wanted to make it more competitive, I wouldn’t pay the losing team. You wanna see guys play hard in the fourth quarter, if you know you have to cut a check for all the flights and hotels? Robinson: We do have a lot rules. I get it, it’s all about protection. With the advent of spread offenses and how that’s starting to infiltrate our game – and it’s all on the college level, it all starts with job security there with coaches because they have to win now and score points. At the end of the day we’re hurting quarterbacks, the most important position. When I was playing flag, especially in my younger days, as the quarterback I had to go into a huddle, had to look every man in the eye, and tell him the play. They don’t do that anymore. Some quarterbacks never had to. If I had to change something, and I have some stuff I’m going to be talking to the NFL about, they need to go and reinvest back into the kid, back into the community, and I think that’ll help this whole dynamic. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Tom Brady through the years  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady raises the Lombardi Trophy for the fifth time in his career, an NFL record for a quarterback.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady guided his team to a victory over the Atlanta Falcons in Super Bowl LI by going 43-for-62 with 466 yards and two touchdowns.  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady celebrates with head coach Bill Belichick (R) after their win over the St. Louis Rams 03 February, 2002 in Super Bowl XXXVI in New Orleans, Louisiana. The Patriots defeated the Rams 20-17.  JEFF HAYNES, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Brady celebrates with the Lamar Hunt Trophy after defeating the Pittsburgh Steelers in the 2016 AFC Championship Game at Gillette Stadium.  Winslow Townson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady reacts after a Patriots score in Super Bowl XLVI.  Robert Scheer, The Star Fullscreen Brady during Michigan's spring game in 1997.  John L. White, AP Fullscreen Brady and Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning (18) meet on the field after the Patriots' loss in the 2015 AFC Championship football game. The meeting was the last between the two rivals, with Brady holding an 11-6 record against Manning.  Chris Humphreys, Chris Humphreys-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady evades pressure during the Patriots' 20-17 win in Super Bowl XXXVI over the St. Louis Rams in New Orleans, Brady's first title.  Brad Kemp, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady celebrates after the Patriots' 32-29 win over the Carolina Panthers in Super Bowl XXXVIII in Houston, Brady's second title.  H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen After serving his four-game Deflategate suspension to start the 2016 season, Brady threw three touchdowns against the Cleveland Browns in his return to action.  Ken Blaze, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady with his wife, Brazilian supermodel Gisele Bundchen, at Carnival in Rio de Janeiro in 2011.  Rodrigo Abd AP Fullscreen Brady chats with wide receiver Randy Moss after setting the single-season records for passing touchdowns (50) and receiving touchdowns (23) in the Patriots' 16-0 2007 season.  Julie Jacobson, AP Fullscreen Brady with then-girlfriend, actress Bridget Moynahan in 2005. The couple dated from 2004 to 2006 and Moynahan had Brady's son in 2007.  Adam Hunger, AP Fullscreen Brady loses the bull during the 2002 AFC Divisional Playoff game against Oakland. The fumble was overturned under the now-infamous "tuck rule."  Elise Amendola, AP Fullscreen Brady warms up during the preseason of his 2000 rookie year after he was selected in the sixth round.  Carlos Osorio, AP Fullscreen Brady passed Peyton Manning to break the record for all-time career wins by a quarterback with his 201st victory against the Los Angeles Rams on Dec. 4, 2016.  Greg M. Cooper, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady celebrates after the Patriots beat the Eagles 24-21 in Super Bowl XXXIX in Jacksonville.  Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady sits on the field during the Patriots loss to the Giants in Super Bowl XLVI.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Brady checks out the video board in 2007.  Elise Amendola AP Fullscreen Brady is congratulated by Patriots coach Bill Belichick after New England beat the Colts 44-13 in Brady's first career start on Sept. 30, 2001.  Victoria Arocho, AP Fullscreen Brady at an event before the Citrus Bowl in 1998.  John Amis, AP Fullscreen Brady celebrates winning his fourth title and third Super Bowl MVP with the Patriots' victory over the Seattle Seahawks in Super Bowl XLIX.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady holds up the Vince Lombardi Trophy during the Super Bowl XLIX victory parade.  Stew Milne, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Brady was injured in the 2008 season opener and missed the entire season.  Stew Milne, US PRESSWIRE Fullscreen Brady speaks to a crowd at a sendoff rally at Gillette Stadium before Super Bowl XLII in 2008.  Stew Milne, AP Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 25 2 of 25 3 of 25 4 of 25 5 of 25 6 of 25 7 of 25 8 of 25 9 of 25 10 of 25 11 of 25 12 of 25 13 of 25 14 of 25 15 of 25 16 of 25 17 of 25 18 of 25 19 of 25 20 of 25 21 of 25 22 of 25 23 of 25 24 of 25 25 of 25 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Would you play the game now knowing what you know about health issues? Haynes: Yes, I would. Because I know a lot about them. One of the things is if I had a concussion, I would not continue to play. I would wait until I was able to play with doctor’s approval or whatever. Back in my era, I didn’t know that I shouldn’t have been playing, and I think in a lot of ways I got fortunate because my cognition was affected or my vision was affected and I couldn’t play anyway. I couldn’t play. But when I found out a headache was a symptom of a concussion, then I realized I needed more information. I didn’t have that. It was obvious I couldn’t play with those two issues, but a headache as a symptom? Maybe I played a lot of plays where I shouldn’t have played. So that would be a concern of mine and I would want to try to figure out a way to know if I had a concussion or not. Bishop: I was so passionate about football I probably would. But I wish I would have known what I know now. That’s probably why my son doesn’t play. He told me no. He played for a couple years. Was pretty good, too. He played sixth-, seventh- and eighth-grade. … He’s his own person. Golic: Yeah. I played the game because I loved playing football. My dad played when he was in the Marines, Camp Lejeune. He was on their football team. Went to Indiana University for a year, played there. Went up to Canada, played seven years in the CFL. And I used to, as a young kid, he’d take me down to the park, set me on the field and he’s just go running, getting himself in shape. And I used to watch, and I don’t know, maybe I was trying to fulfill a dream of being like my dad. But we would watch football together, and when I got a chance to play it, I took it. Robinson: Absolutely. It’s afforded my family a different life. I was of the generation that was a little bit more informed than my predecessors, the people that came before me. When I started playing this game I knew that there was a big risk that it may take five, 10 years off my life. I knew there was a big risk that I may be walking a little funny one day. But I wouldn’t change my journey, I wouldn’t change the things that I’ve learned. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Patriots, Falcons practice for Super Bowl LI  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady participates in a drill during practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Friday, Feb. 3, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots players practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Friday, Feb. 3, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan (2) throws during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Friday, Feb. 3, 2017, in Houston.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons tackle Ryan Schraeder (73), offensive guard Chris Chester (65) and center Alex Mack (51) go through drills with teammates during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Friday, Feb. 3, 2017, in Houston.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons running back Devonta Freeman (24) takes a handoff from quarterback Matt Ryan (2) during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Houston.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan (2) takes a snap from center Alex Mack (51) during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Houston.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons tackle Ryan Schraeder (73), guard Andy Levitre (67) and guard Wes Schweitzer (71) run through drills with teammates during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Houston.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots players participate in a drill during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady watches a drill during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots running back James White participates in a drill during practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game against the Atlanta Falcons. Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady participates in a drill during practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game against the Atlanta Falcons. Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots cornerback Malcolm Butler (21) participates in a drill during practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game against the Atlanta Falcons. Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick watches during practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game against the Atlanta Falcons.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots cornerback Cyrus Jones is assisted by a trainer during practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game against the Atlanta Falcons. Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen New England Patriots players practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game against the Atlanta Falcons. Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston.  Charlie Riedel, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons wide receiver Julio Jones (11) catches the ball as he goes through drills during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston. Atlanta will face the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl Sunday.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan (2) throws during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston. Atlanta will face the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl Sunday.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons center Alex Mack (51) signals to teammates during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston. Atlanta will face the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl Sunday.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons players go through drills during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Atlanta Falcons tackle Ryan Schraeder (73) and teammates go through drills during a practice for the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, in Houston. Atlanta will face the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl Sunday.  Eric Gay, AP Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 20 2 of 20 3 of 20 4 of 20 5 of 20 6 of 20 7 of 20 8 of 20 9 of 20 10 of 20 11 of 20 12 of 20 13 of 20 14 of 20 15 of 20 16 of 20 17 of 20 18 of 20 19 of 20 20 of 20 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 292 CONNECTTWEET 2 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE NEVER MISS OUT Sports Stay in the know and in the zone, 7 days a week, with scores, analysis, and in-depth features and commentary. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Sports NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] How to Turn Your Surface Pro 4 Into A Desktop PC Travis Pope04/22/2016 Microsoft calls its Surface Pro 4 and devices like it Windows 2-in-1s. The idea is that purchasing a Surface Pro 4 or any of the devices that resembles it means you don’t have to purchase both a notebook and a tablet. Since Microsoft announced its first tablet that can be a notebook, all we’ve heard about are those types of 2-in-1s. We’ve all ignored another benefit of purchasing a Surface Pro 4. Advertisement The Surface Pro 4 doesn’t just make a great  tablet and notebook. It also makes a pretty great Windows 10 desktop PC. As a Surface Pro 3 and Surface Pro 4 user, I’ve spent some time with the form factor at my desk. The way I see it, there are couple of different scenarios to get Surface Pro 4 users the best desktop experience. Pick The Right Surface Pro 4 Desktops are powerful, bulky beasts. They’re big because transporting them isn’t really that much of a concern. The Surface Pro 4 is a mobile powerhouse, a machine that was designed to be portable. At first, one might assume that it wouldn’t be that great at doing the things that desktops do: playing video games and editing video. Read: Which Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Should You Buy? Advertisement That’s absolutely true of the entry-level Surface Pro 4 for $899. It’s not really great at playing the latest games at all since it doesn’t have a fan and uses less powerful internals. The Surface Pro 4s with Intel Core i7 and Intel Core i5 processors are better at those activities. Any Surface Pro 4 plan that involves the device doubling as a powerful desktop Windows 10 PC starts with those two models. The Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 Processor and 4GB of RAM starts at $999. If you really want the best performance possible, investigate purchasing a Surface Pro 4 with at least 8GB of RAM. The Microsoft Store sells all versions of the Surface Pro 4, including a model with 16GB of storage. Buy a Surface Pro 4 Dock Once you’ve acquired a Surface Pro 4, you need a way to charge the device and connect to accessories. Microsoft makes two docks for this task, both of which have advantages and disadvantages. The Surface Pro 3 Docking Station is a typical dock. There are no cables to connect. Instead, its two arms encapsulate the Surface Pro 4, on three sides. Built into it are three USB 3.0 ports, two USB 2.0 ports, Ethernet out and a Mini DisplayPort. The Surface Pro 4 Dock isn’t built specifically for the Surface Pro 4, which is why users need a free spacer from Microsoft to enjoy the $199 accessory. Advertisement The Microsoft Surface Dock is this year’s docking option for the Surface Pro 4, Surface Pro 3 and Surface Book. It too costs $199. There are two front-facing USB 3.0 ports, a power port, Gigabit Ethernet, two more USB 3.0 ports and 2 Mini DisplayPorts on its rear. With this dock, you need to physically plug in a cable, but just the one. The dock itself does the rest. Other companies make compatible port replicators, but in those cases you’d need to plug your Surface Pro 4 into a charger, then have a separate USB cable running from the Surface Pro 4. Microsoft’s solutions are expensive, but simplistic. Use A Bluetooth Keyboard and Mouse The next thing you’ll need are the typical accessories that desktops require. The Surface Pro 4 has two pretty loud speakers, but don’t hesitate to pick up external speakers if you feel like you need to. The Surface Pro 4 and Windows 10 support Bluetooth audio profiles. The docks and device itself all have 3.5mm headphone ports built-in. Bluetooth headphones work too, that’s what I use at my desk when playing music late at night and early in the day. Advertisement Microsoft used to make a Bluetooth keyboard accessory for its Type Covers. It’s long since killed that device, betting that users would rather purchase separate keyboards and mice that offer better battery life and bigger keys. For the best results, go with a Bluetooth keyboard and mouse. Microsoft makes the, entry-level Wireless Keyboard 850 for Bluetooth users. I personally use the Wedge Wireless Mobile Keyboard. It’s $79.95 – not cheap – but does have a thin profile. For a mouse, I recommend the $69.95 Surface Arc Mouse because it becomes very portable when you need it to be. That being said, anything you have around the house works fine too. You can go with USB mice and keyboards, but if you do you’ll need a USB hub or a Surface Dock. Remember, the Surface Pro 4 only has a single USB port.   Advertisement I actually skipped the mini adapters, displays and docks in the early days. Instead, I purchased a Surface Pro Power Supply for $79.99 and a tablet stand that held up my Surface Pro 4. This method does hinder viewing angles somewhat, but it’s cost effective and keeps me from being surrounded by screens and accessories I don’t need. The stand I purchased from Amazon is long gone, but there are more available from other makers. Disable Tablet Mode Finally, remember to set your device to either ask you before switching in and out of Tablet Mode or turn off switching entirely. Read: How to Use Tablet Mode in Windows 10 Windows 10 is able to detect physical keyboards and make the switch, but not with Bluetooth accessories. My solution to this has been to manually toggle Tablet Mode on and off when I’m done with work using the Action Center. The Action Center is always a left swipe from the right edge of your display. Optional: Get a Monitor, Maybe With Touch On its own, your Surface Pro 4 is a great all-in-one PC in its own right. At least, it is if you’re comfortable with using a 12-inch display. If you aren’t, consider adding a widescreen monitor to your desktop setup to get more screen real estate. Which display you get really does depend on your tastes as a user. Some people like to get large monitors, then hide the Surface Pro 4 somewhere in their setup because they don’t need to monitors. Others prefer to keep the Surface Pro 4 and external monitor sitting side by side. If you’re going to hide the Surface somewhere in your setup, like a desk drawer, be sure that it has plenty of ventilation. Be sure that whatever monitor you do go with has matching connections for whatever dock you use too. Stay away from any monitor that has a VGA cable. For consistency, it might be better to with a monitor that supports touch. The Surface Pro 4 can be connected to a monitor even without a docking accessory. For this you will need a MiniDisplay Port adapter for whatever plug the display features. Microsoft makes a line of Surface Mini DisplayPort Adapters and a Wireless Display Adapter. Two monitors connect through the Surface Dock, but you can add a third running straight from the Surface pro 4’s body too. Microsoft frequently runs specials on Surface Docks and monitors at the Microsoft Store. Read: The Best Surface Pro 4 Deals Available The Surface Pro 4 gained a reputation for being a great tablet and a decent notebook. I’d make the argument that it’s also a terrific Windows 10 all-in-one with the right accessories. 15 Responses 02/13/2016 Robert Armstrong Reply I understood that the pro 4 could handle 3 external monitors – 2 from the dock and 1 from the tablet. You say it is restricted to 2 monitors. Will it not handle a third monitor from the tablet’s mini DP port? 02/29/2016 Leander Reply Yeah it does, 2 monitors from the docking station. One from the surface it self. So 3 screens at the same time. I got the configuration running at this very moment. Two normal monitor’s and big presentation screen. 02/29/2016 Robert Armstrong Reply Thanks. I’m going to give the SP4 i7 16gb a try with three 27″ monitors. 03/05/2016 Robert Armstrong Reply I bought the SP4 with dock and cables. Win 10 shows 4 displays, but will only use three, one of which is always the tablet. So I can get two of my three externals, but not three at once. Surface support told me I have to use a video hub to go to three. Is this what you have done? Or is a splitter enough? 03/22/2016 Matt Smith Reply What’s the recommended settings for the larger monitor, I’ve currently got it connected to another screen and the icons are massive and there’s black banding down the sides. 04/19/2016 Molly Hampel Reply This is a question not reply – i have a surface pro 4 with the docking station. The surface will go to sleep and when we wake it backup the external large monitor will not work. We thought it was the docking station but after trying two others it’s not. Any suggestions? Could the monitor not be compatible? 04/19/2016 Robert Armstrong Reply I now run two ASUS 27″ monitors and the Surface tablet screen. The primary display is set as one of the 27″. When my Surface wakes up, the two large monitors also come alive – usually, but not always. Very occasionally, I have to go to display settings on the tablet screen and “extend the desktop” to the two large monitors. This does not happen often. Sorry I can’t be more help. 04/24/2016 Jenniferdpearman Reply This is very wonderful new jobs..!Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 52512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… See More 06/19/2016 Richard Clark Eckert Reply I am looking at idea of a multi client monitor that allows for up to four inputs that can be simulataneously displayed in four quadrants of humongous 43″ display. I am wondering if SP 4 can work with that and display 4 screens but without problems of dual monitor set up????? Ideally he SP4 would take up one quadrant, but could take up to four separate inputs or multiple windows from SP4. Why I need 4 monitors compressed in one is something to explain on a different day. 07/17/2016 path8yoga Reply Most of the answers to the questions above can be found here: https://www.microsoft.com/surface/en-sg/support/music-photos-and-video/connect-surface-to-a-tv-display-or-projector?os=windows-10&=undefined 10/31/2016 skrivener Reply I like the idea, but $1,400 + monitor are grim prices. If you don’t play fast games consider this tablet-as-a-PC setup instead HP ElitePad 1000 tablet (1.6GHz 4GB 64GB ssd); less than £180 on ebay (business are disposing of loads of units); add a £15 64gb micro sd HP’s dock gives 4 usb, sound & 2 monitor sockets (ebay £25 + a 2nd at £40 for work); Dock happily runs a 36in £100 screen while the tablet provides a 2nd handy touch screen on the side; £20 for wi-fi keyboard & mouse (with a 2nd £10 usb set for work). £13 for a usb plug-and-play case holds to hold the old pc’s hardrive & £14 for a little usb DVD rewriter. Mega adds 50GB of cloud storage to the system for £0 This setup cost abt £315 ($400?) & happily replaced my home tablet / work laptop / work pc & home pc. Life’s become a lot simpler with just one device. 12/21/2016 Carlin Reply I have an “old” Dell Inspiron 2330 which is a touchscreen computer. However, it has an HDMI ‘in’ and can alternately be used as an external monitor – is there a way to enable/utilize the touchscreen on this computer when connected to my Surface Pro 4 as an external monitor? I assume I need an additional cable outside of the HDMI – does anyone know what that cable is? Thanks for your help 01/21/2017 C. Lyman Reply PC in a backpack: Surface Pro 4; Core i7, 256 GB SSD, 16 GB RAM. 2 USB hubs 1 7-port 2.0 that plugs into a port in the charging brick w/SD card reader and one 10-port 3.0 w/card reader. Accessories One 1 TB USB HDD one 1/2 TB HDD USB 2.0 ONE 512 micro SDXC in the provided card slot. 1 Rocksteady Bluetooth speaker bar and one Pawtec USB 3.0 optical CD, DVD Blu-Ray reader/burner. Looking for an externl touchsreen monitor about 20-22 In Other peripherals M-Audio Oxygen 49 music keyboard,M-Audio M-Track Plus two input. Mackie FX8 Pro w//USB all have USB 2.0 And it’s all mine! With the exception of the music peripherals, it fits in a “day pack” 02/05/2017 billy batts Reply I bought a cheep little doodad for $14 that gives me 3 usb ports instead of 1 and $50-$60 for a Seagate 1tb external hard drive for my surface pro 3 and I play world of warships, war planes and the 78 games I have on steam with no problems. 02/10/2017 Jacob Reply using the SP4’s mini display port can i connect it to an external display and use the usb ports on the back of the display? or will they not work without the dock? Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 02/02/2017 iPhone vs Android: 14 Reasons iPhone is Better 01/27/2017
Chassidic Tu B’Shvat Sederim [photo] Despite Dual Citizenship Comment, Le Pen Still Pro-Israel Turkey Blocks Series of Terror Attacks, Seizes 24 Suicide Explosives Belts France Foils New Terror Plot Attempted Ramming Attack in Mount Hebron Israel’s First Regulation-Sized American Football Field Israel On My Mind – Balls, Bugs and Birds! [audio] BULLETPROOF – Why War Is The Only Road To Peace [audio] Millions Rally in Iran with Images of Trump in a Noose to Celebrate Islamic Revolution The 2 State Solution is DEAD! Report: Jewish Population Growth Rate in Judea, Samaria, Double Israel’s National Average Moshe Discovers New Uses for His Unique Abilities – Parshat B’Shalach Sirens Wail as Brussels in Plunged Into Darkness Sheldon & Miriam Adelson to Dine with Pres. & First Lady Trump at White House Tourism Ministry Cites Rise in Tourist Entries in January, Increase in Turkish Presence at IMTM February 11, 2017 / 15 Shevat, 5777 Classifieds Travel Watch the Kotel – Live! Print Subscriptions Advertise Follow @JewishPress Email: Home News & Views InDepth Blogs Judaism Sections Media Cartoons InPrint News & Views click for eEdition Sponsored Post Kosher Food is Going Global! The Largest Worldwide Online Delivery Marketplace for Kosher Travelers! Facebook Twitter Telegram Google Reddit LinkedIn Home » News & Views » Business and Economy » Israeli ‘Replay’ Technology Makes Debut During Super Bowl Fox Sports teamed up with Intel to use the new technology in its broadcasts on Super Bowl Sunday. By: Hana Levi Julian Published: February 5th, 2017 Facebook Twitter Telegram Google Reddit LinkedIn Printer-Ready Page Layout Intel booth at the Jerusalem Geek Picnic on Passover week 2016 Photo Credit: Facebook Israelis are often a part of the action no matter where in the world it happens. But, the Super Bowl? Yes. “For the first time during an NFL broadcast, Intel technology is enabling viewers to “Be the Player,” allowing them to experience plays from the player’s point of view and fully immerse themselves in the action of the game,” Intel Corp. announced on Sunday, hours before the big game. “Through its partnerships with leading sports leagues, teams and athletic brands, Intel is driving the next wave of powerful technologies that will transform the sports experience for the next generation of fans, athletes and coaches.” Actually, the brainchild came from an Israeli Tel Aviv startup called Replay Technologies. Intel snapped it up last March for a cool $175 million, just in time to slide it into place for this year’s Super Bowl extravaganza. Fox Sports has teamed with Intel on its use of the new technology, which allows viewers to see what any player on the field is seeing. It shows up at home like a video game, according to Fox Sports’ SVP of field and technical operations, Michael Davies, who says it allows the viewer at home to analyze the choices that were open to the player. The software uses an array of cameras that encircle the stadium and replay it at various angles, in “3D space.” Hana Levi Julian About the Author: Hana Levi Julian is a Middle East news analyst with a degree in Mass Communication and Journalism from Southern Connecticut State University. A past columnist with The Jewish Press and senior editor at Arutz 7, Ms. Julian has written for Babble.com, Chabad.org and other media outlets, in addition to her years working in broadcast journalism. If you don't see your comment after publishing it, refresh the page. Our comments section is intended for meaningful responses and debates in a civilized manner. We ask that you respect the fact that we are a religious Jewish website and avoid inappropriate language at all cost. If you promote any foreign religions, gods or messiahs, lies about Israel, anti-Semitism, or advocate violence (except against terrorists), your permission to comment may be revoked. Wordpress / Spot.IM Facebook Loading Facebook Comments ... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Facebook. Imported and Older Comments: Steve Katz says: February 5, 2017 at 10:38 PM OK, I’m prejudiced – I admit it. But can you show me the contributions of any of the Muslim nations? Current Top Story Despite Dual Citizenship Comment, Le Pen Still Pro-Israel News Briefs Twitter Feed Despite Dual Citizenship Comment, Le Pen Still Pro-Israel on February 10, 2017 2:45 PM Turkey Blocks Series of Terror Attacks, Seizes 24 Suicide Explosives Belts on February 10, 2017 2:14 PM France Foils New Terror Plot on February 10, 2017 2:06 PM Attempted Ramming Attack in Mount Hebron on February 10, 2017 1:50 PM Millions Rally in Iran with Images of Trump in a Noose to Celebrate Islamic Revolution on February 10, 2017 1:02 PM The 2 State Solution is DEAD! on February 10, 2017 9:17 AM Report: Jewish Population Growth Rate in Judea, Samaria, Double Israel’s National Average on February 10, 2017 8:36 AM Sirens Wail as Brussels in Plunged Into Darkness on February 10, 2017 1:42 AM Sheldon & Miriam Adelson to Dine with Pres. & First Lady Trump at White House on February 10, 2017 12:51 AM Tourism Ministry Cites Rise in Tourist Entries in January, Increase in Turkish Presence at IMTM on February 9, 2017 11:11 PM Leket Israel Launches Tu B’Shevat Project, Sayeret Tapuz on February 9, 2017 10:47 PM ‘Nazis Rule’ Scrawled in Jewish Student’s Dorm Room at U of Minn on February 9, 2017 10:45 PM A Town Called Amona, Camped Out in Jerusalem on February 9, 2017 9:49 PM ISIS Responsible for Rocket Attack on Eilat, Now Controls Gaza Military Tunnels on February 9, 2017 7:30 PM Hamas ‘Mourns’ Dead Terrorists in Attack on Gaza Tunnel on February 9, 2017 6:19 PM Tweets by @JewishPress Latest News Stories  Chassidic Tu B’Shvat Sederim [photo] A selection of Tu B'Shvat photos from various Chassidic dynasties in Israel Photo of the Day  Despite Dual Citizenship Comment, Le Pen Still Pro-Israel 'The Jews of France are Frenchmen, they're at home here, and they must stay here and not emigrate. The country is obligated to provide solutions to the development of radical Islam.' David Israel  Turkey Blocks Series of Terror Attacks, Seizes 24 Suicide Explosives Belts Turkish security officials foiled massive terror attacks in a raid that netted suicide bombing belts, detonators and weapons. Hana Levi Julian  France Foils New Terror Plot French counter-terrorism forces arrested a 16-year-old girl and 3 men, and found 70 grams of TATP. Hana Levi Julian  Attempted Ramming Attack in Mount Hebron An Arab terrorist attempted a hit-and-run attack with IDF soldiers, but failed to hit the target, so he ran instead. 2 Hana Levi Julian  Israel’s First Regulation-Sized American Football Field New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft donates $6 million to build field for 1,350 active football players in Israel. Israel 21C  Millions Rally in Iran with Images of Trump in a Noose to Celebrate Islamic Revolution Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Seyed Ali Khamenei encouraged people to 'give a crushing response to the recent threats of US President Donald Trump by staging massive rallies even larger than ever.' JNi.Media  The 2 State Solution is DEAD! If you haven't figured out how a two state solution is actually four states, or how the Palestinian state includes no Jews, but the Jewish State includes Palestinian.... 5 David Israel  Report: Jewish Population Growth Rate in Judea, Samaria, Double Israel’s National Average The growth rate would have been even higher were it not for the construction freeze in Judea and Samaria. JNi.Media  Sirens Wail as Brussels in Plunged Into Darkness Brussels officials raised the security alert as sirens blared around the unaccountably darkened city. Hana Levi Julian  Sheldon & Miriam Adelson to Dine with Pres. & First Lady Trump at White House The Adelsons are having dinner at the White House with America's First Couple and a source says Israel is on the agenda. Hana Levi Julian  Tourism Ministry Cites Rise in Tourist Entries in January, Increase in Turkish Presence at IMTM Tourism to Israel continues to rise, says Minister Yariv Levin, especially from China. Hana Levi Julian  Leket Israel Launches Tu B’Shevat Project, Sayeret Tapuz Many of the project's volunteers this year are Israeli special needs teenagers from Gan Yavne. Hana Levi Julian  ‘Nazis Rule’ Scrawled in Jewish Student’s Dorm Room at U of Minn The drawing had a swastika and the words, "Nazis Rule." It depicted a death camp with Jews in a gas chamber. Hana Levi Julian  A Town Called Amona, Camped Out in Jerusalem On Sunday, the government is set to discuss the re-establishment of the town of Amona on the site of Geulat Zion in Binyamin. Hana Levi Julian  Amona Tent City Tent Amona Photo of the Day More Articles from Hana Levi Julian  Turkey Blocks Series of Terror Attacks, Seizes 24 Suicide Explosives Belts Turkish security officials foiled massive terror attacks in a raid that netted suicide bombing belts, detonators and weapons. Hana Levi Julian  France Foils New Terror Plot French counter-terrorism forces arrested a 16-year-old girl and 3 men, and found 70 grams of TATP. Hana Levi Julian  Attempted Ramming Attack in Mount Hebron An Arab terrorist attempted a hit-and-run attack with IDF soldiers, but failed to hit the target, so he ran instead. 2 Hana Levi Julian  Sirens Wail as Brussels in Plunged Into Darkness Brussels officials raised the security alert as sirens blared around the unaccountably darkened city. Hana Levi Julian  Sheldon & Miriam Adelson to Dine with Pres. & First Lady Trump at White House The Adelsons are having dinner at the White House with America's First Couple and a source says Israel is on the agenda. Hana Levi Julian  Tourism Ministry Cites Rise in Tourist Entries in January, Increase in Turkish Presence at IMTM Tourism to Israel continues to rise, says Minister Yariv Levin, especially from China. Hana Levi Julian  Leket Israel Launches Tu B’Shevat Project, Sayeret Tapuz Many of the project's volunteers this year are Israeli special needs teenagers from Gan Yavne. Hana Levi Julian  ‘Nazis Rule’ Scrawled in Jewish Student’s Dorm Room at U of Minn The drawing had a swastika and the words, "Nazis Rule." It depicted a death camp with Jews in a gas chamber. Hana Levi Julian Home News & Views InDepth Blogs Judaism Sections Media Cartoons InPrint © 2017 The Jewish Press. All rights reserved. No portion of this website may be copied without the express written permission of JewishPress.com. Management and Design by WebAds. Development and maintenance by Marc Gottlieb Creative Solutions | Log in Printed from: http://www.jewishpress.com/news/breaking-news/israeli-replay-technology-makes-debut-during-super-bowl/2017/02/05/ Scan this QR code to visit this page online:
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corporation Struggles to Rein In Spending As R&D Approaches $13 Billion Operating expenses went up in 2016, even after a round of restructuring. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Feb 5, 2017 at 10:35AM In April 2016, microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) announced that it would be implementing a restructuring program that it internally referred to as "ACT" -- short for "accelerating change and transformation." It was designed to reduce the company's annual operating expense run rate by $1.4 billion by mid-2017. A wafer of Intel processors. Image source: Intel. It would seem, though, that the company's spending on both research and development (R&D) and marketing, general, and administrative costs (MG&A) continues unabated. This was evident in the company's fourth quarter financial results, in which the company reported shelling out $3.28 billion in R&D expenses -- up almost 5.2% year over year. Meanwhile, MG&A spending was up a smidgen year over year, going from $2.12 billion in the fourth quarter of 2015 to $2.16 billion the following year -- a modest increase but an increase nonetheless. For full-year 2016, Intel's R&D spending hit $12.74 billion, up from $12.13 billion in the year prior. MG&A climbed to $8.4 billion, up from $7.93 billion in 2015. Not quite cutting back in 2017 Looking ahead for this year, Intel says it plans for combined R&D and MG&A spending of $20.5 billion -- a roughly $600 million reduction from the levels seen in 2016. However, considering the company's spending was up by $1 billion in 2016 relative to 2015 levels, and considering that part of that reduction will come from the company's spin-out of its Intel Security (a.k.a. McAfee) business, the net spending reduction doesn't seem very substantial. Intel has made it clear what's going on: It's taking the money it saved in the restructuring efforts and plowing them into new growth areas, such as self-driving cars and memory technologies. That's fine, but it shouldn't stop investors from asking some tough questions Intel has increased its R&D substantially since 2011, but where's the return? In 2011, Intel spent $8.35 billion in R&D and $7.67 billion on MG&A. To be fair, the MG&A figure isn't up that much over the years -- Intel's product offerings have broadened and salaries naturally rise over time, so an 8.9% increase in MG&A spending over five years seems quite reasonable. R&D, on the other hand, is up almost 53% in that time. Yes, developing new products is expensive, and yes, Intel is investing in building products for markets that it didn't participate in, or that simply didn't exist, back in 2011. However, Intel's R&D spending has rocketed upward, and consolidated revenue simply hasn't followed suit. Now, one could reasonably argue that Intel's revenue mix has shifted as the personal-computer market has declined, and the company has successfully capitalized on new growth areas, including data centers and the Internet of Things. I'll accept that. Nevertheless, cracks in the armor have appeared even as the company spends more on R&D. For example, Intel's execution with respect to chip manufacturing technology seems to have deteriorated over the past five years -- 14 nanometers was problematic, and 10 nanometers is very late. Although Intel's business performance in its data center group (DCG) -- arguably the business that the company has bet its future on -- has been as strong as could be expected, as Intel has nearly 100% of the server processor market, the company has seen numerous product delays over the past five years. And though it's not that big of a deal, DCG's financial performance was hurt last quarter over a product warranty issue. I would think that with a far bigger R&D budget available, Intel's execution here would be a bit sharper than it seems to be, though it's still very good.  The true litmus test Intel isn't expecting much growth in 2017. It guided to "low-single-digit" revenue growth excluding McAfee for the year. But at some point, it would be nice to see Intel's growth accelerate as a result of all these large investments. Perhaps a potential litmus test for whether this spending is paying off will be the company's financial performance in 2018. If the company can accelerate growth compared with what it ultimately sees in 2017, then that'll be an indication that these investments have been worth it. However, if growth remains anemic in 2018 and potentially beyond, then it might be a sign that the company just isn't investing wisely. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Feb 5, 2017 at 10:35AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $35.34 down $0.12 (-0.34%) Read More Why Isn't Qualcomm's Pain Intel's Gain? Intel Corporation's 2017 Revenue Guidance Is Better Than It Looks How Intel Corporation Can Strengthen Its Relationship With Apple Inc. PC Systems Lifted Intel Corp.'s Fourth-Quarter Profits Why Intel Corporation Is Expecting Another Slow Year for Its Data-Center Group Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Intel Corporation Struggles to Rein In Spending As R&D Approaches $13 Billion @themotleyfool #stocks $INTC
search G Front News Comment Features MARKET ECONOMY ENERGY HEALTHCARE IT REAL ESTATE START UPS AEROSPACE & DEFENSE CHEMICALS & PLASTICS FINANCIAL SERVICES MERGERS & ACQUISITIONS POLITICS TELECOMS, MEDIA & MARKETING TOURISM TRANSPORT & INFRASTRUCTURE WATER Front > News Intel unveils Israel-developed technology at Super Bowl Apartments sold and rented Arkia announces more flights, new destinations 5 Feb, 2017 17:15 Globes correspondent "Be the Player," which replays the action from the player's viewpoint, was developed by Tel Aviv based Replay Technologies, acquired by Intel last year. During the Super Bowl NFL final in Houston tonight between the New England Patriots and the Atlanta Falcons, Intel Corp. (Nasdaq: INTL) will unveil its Sports Group unique action replay technology "Be the Player," which replays the action from the player's viewpoint. The technology was developed in Israel by Replay Technologies, the Tel Aviv based startup, which was acquired by Intel last March for $175 million. RELATED ARTICLES Intel buys Israeli co Replay Technologies for $175m Intel announced today, "For the first time during an NFL broadcast, Intel technology is enabling viewers to 'Be the Player,' allowing them to experience plays from the player’s point of view and fully immerse themselves in the action of the game. Through its partnerships with leading sports leagues, teams and athletic brands, Intel is driving the next wave of powerful technologies that will transform the sports experience for the next generation of fans, athletes and coaches." Intel Sports Group general manager James Carwana said, “We are building the foundation to take sports and technology to new heights with solutions that will allow fans to experience the game like never before, all in a personalized way. Intel’s technology in the biggest football game of the year is one example of how we are driving a new wave of powerful technologies that will transform sports for athletes, teams, fans, coaches and even broadcasters.” Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on February 5, 2017 © Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2017 5 Comments View comments in rows Update by email about comments talkback POST Comments Your name Please insert your name Content Your comment Thanks You comment was recieved and soon will be published. In posting comments, I agree to abide by the Terms of Use Globes encourages lively and frank debate, but posts that the editors consider merely abusive or otherwise inappropriate will be removed. Report inappropriate content POST Thank you for posting your comment, which will be reviewed for publication. Whith Chaining Without chaining Customer recommended Loading Comments... Load more comments   נושאים למעקב >> Replay Technologies Intel buys Israeli co Replay Technologies for $175m עוד דעות >> Tali Tsipori     Front News Comment Features Market Newsletters RSS Israel Resources עברית Globes Conferences International Advertising About Support Powered by UI & Design By Application delivery by © Globes. All rights reserved. Twitter Facebook Linkedin RSS Newsletters גלובס Israel Business Conference 2016
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars ARVR Will the Patriots’ VR training help them win the Super Bowl? David Z. Morris, Fortune February 5, 2017 3:34 AM Tags: 360 Replay, football, Intel, NFL, Strivr, Super Bowl, Tom Brady Above: The New England Patriots, who face the Atlanta Falcons in today's Super Bowl, are one of six teams now using a VR training system designed by Palo Alto startup StriVR. Image Credit: Shutterstock When Super Bowl 51 (pardon me, “LI”) hits TV screens nationwide, Fox viewers will be treated to unique, immersive glimpses from the field, using Intel’s 360 Replay virtual camera. But even more intriguing is what’s happening behind the scenes—more and more teams, including Super Bowl contenders the New England Patriots, are convinced that virtual reality will change the way players prepare for the big game. The Patriots, who face the Atlanta Falcons, are one of six teams now using a VR training system designed by Palo Alto startup StriVR. Others include the Dallas Cowboys, Minnesota Vikings, and Arizona Cardinals. The system, inspired by work done at Stanford’s VR lab, uses 360-degree video to put players—primarily quarterbacks—through their paces, with less physical risk and wear-and-tear than on-field practice, and more interactivity than just watching game video. The Pats were early adopters, becoming the third team to sign up with StriVR back in mid-2015. No word on whether Patriots QB Tom Brady has trained using the tech—though he is featured in a Super Bowl ad for the Intel 360 video system. But another legendary quarterback has cosigned the idea in a big way. At the Consumer Electronics Showcase in January, hall of famer Joe Montana said he wished he’d had VR in his heyday, emphasizing that mental preparation is the largest part of quarterbacking. That’s one big reason the StriVR system uses 360-degree video of plays, often shot during team practices, instead of 3D graphics. It’s closer to an immersive film than a fully interactive simulation, but as Fortune reported when we first checked in on StriVR in 2015, research shows that seeing real humans in action helps the brain refine its timing and stay focused. And because football is based on coordinated plays with fixed timing (at least in theory), rote repetition helps program players’ muscle memory. There’s an intriguing further possibility here. Intel’s 360 video system allows a ‘virtual’ camera to recreate a first-person perspective by compiling film shot from a variety of outside angles. If teams could get access to the full feed of game cameras, they could give QBs virtual run-throughs of past real games, even if there was nobody on the field wearing a 360 camera. According to Recode, StriVR has expanded its list of NFL clients to six. It has also started building experiences for fans, including a Boston Red Sox VR project, and a hockey ‘goalie simulator’ that lets LA Kings fans practice blocking pucks. Be the #LAKings goalie with our VR Experience at tonight's game outside of Section 105! pic.twitter.com/DUlNFj4U1a — #LAKings (@LAKings) January 19, 2017 Of course, there’s a vague dystopian edge to all this. If quarterbacks are training in VR, and fans are watching the game in immersive 360 video, does the actual action on the field get lost in the virtual shuffle? But the transition of spectatorship to television has already irrevocably changed how we experience sports—if anything, VR is most people’s best chance to reconnect with games that cost hundreds of dollars to attend in person. And the game could benefit immensely if VR training fulfills its promise, giving players more insight and, at least as important, longer careers. For a strange and promising parallel, just look at the world of chess, where computer training has raised the bar for human players. And if you’re really worried about technology creeping into your Sunday ritual, here’s one big reassurance: it’ll be a while before a robot can throw deep on the run. This story originally appeared on Fortune.com. Copyright 2017 ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Feature This Time, AMD’s Revival Is for Real AMD’s sweeping changes could elevate it in cloud computing. Shares could double in a year. By Tiernan Ray Biography February 4, 2017 Over the past two decades, Advanced Micro Devices has been a perpetual also-ran to chip giant Intel. While AMD has made brilliant technological strides over the years, it has never gained lasting competitive advantage over its rival. But that could soon change, thanks to a new executive team led by CEO Lisa Su, 47, who joined the company in 2012 and took the helm in October 2014. “AMD has, in the past, suffered from a lack of execution and a lack of focus,” says Linley Gwennap, head of the Linley Group, a tech research... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. What’s Apple to Do with $246 Billion in Cash? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 12 Stocks to Benefit Most From the House Tax Plan Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Why You Want to Own Tesla Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Bristol-Myers Squibb Stock in Bargain Bin Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Best Fund Families of 2016 2 Is Under Armour Asking for a Backlash? 3 Twitter Posts 10th Straight Quarter of Lower Revenue Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 February 2017 by Military News Top Tech Stocks to Buy in 2017 Whether investors are in search of growth and income, value, or long-term appreciation, the tech sector has sound alternatives. The digitization of the world around us, including the Internet of Things, the cloud, and multiple touch points driving an unprecedented amount of data has resulted in market opportunities with nearly unlimited potential. The solutions needed to take advantage of the fast-changing tech marketplace include comprehensive data analytics from the likes of IBM (NYSE: IBM) and powering cloud data centers, a market dominated by underappreciated Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) . The cloud is also home to Adobe Systems (NASDAQ: ADBE) , which has transformed it into a financially rock-solid business with skyrocketing recurring revenue. Image source: IBM. Growth and income on sale It may seem counterintuitive to include IBM on a list of top stocks, given that its stock has skyrocketed 40% the past year. But don’t dismiss IBM. As CEO Ginni Rometty undertook the arduous task of transitioning away from legacy enterprise hardware, IBM’s stock had languished for years. The result is that even after its share price jump, IBM remains a top tech stock in 2017 for a couple of reasons. One, IBM is still ridiculously cheap based on earnings expectations. And two, IBM can attribute its stellar performance to delivering on its “strategic imperatives.” Last fiscal year, IBM generated $32.8 billion in combined strategic imperatives sales, equal to 41% of its $79.9 billion in total revenue. That was a goal Rometty had targeted for next year, but IBM is hitting on all cylinders where it counts. Yet it’s still trading at a mere 12 times forward earnings. And boasting one of the tech industry’s best dividends of 3.2% makes IBM a growth and income investor’s must-have stock. Image source: Adobe Systems. An unlikely cloud leader It was about four years ago that Adobe CEO Shantanu  Narayen got serious about his intention to shift to a recurring revenue model with the introduction of its Creative Cloud. Fast-forward to last quarter’s and year’s earnings report, and it’s become clear Adobe’s shift to a sustainable, relatively reliable source of revenue is working like a charm. Of 2016’s record sales of $5.85 billion — a 22% jump over the prior year — $4.01 billion of was generated from its Digital Media unit’s annual  recurring revenue (ARR) model, equal to nearly 69%. Leading the way in the fourth quarter was Adobe creative cloud’s 33% increase in ARR to $866 million. Adobe’s Marketing Cloud fared well, too, climbing 32% in the fourth quarter to $465 million. The good news for growth investors is Adobe is hardly resting on its laurels. Adobe has recently unveiled a voice-activated speech and image editing tool, as well as working on incorporating both virtual reality and augmented reality into its solution. Considering it’s sitting on a record $2 billion in deferred revenue, Adobe is primed for yet another stellar year. Image source: Intel. Still underappreciated Based on its stock price, Intel didn’t impress many last quarter. After reporting an all-time revenue high of $59.4 billion annually and $16.4 billion in the quarter, Intel’s share price hasn’t budged from pre-earnings levels. Intel handily beat analyst estimates for both quarterly revenue and earnings per share, excluding one-time items. Pundits had expected  EPS of $0.74 and sales of $15.7 billion. Similar to IBM, Intel is in the midst of a transition, with an eye toward burgeoning new markets, including IoT, cloud data centers, and security, among others. How is the transition coming along? Intel ended 2016’s fourth quarter with IoT sales climbing 16% to $766 million, data center revenue jumping 8% to $4.7 billion, and security-related revenue of $550 million representing a 7% year-over-year increase. Much of Intel’s 10% increase in revenue last quarter fell to the bottom line, thanks to managing operating expenses effectively. Intel is growing the revenue drivers that will determine its future, and it’s trading at just 12.5 times forward earnings. Its relative value, long-term prospects, and 2.8% dividend yield are why underappreciated Intel is worth a good, long look in 2017. 10 stocks we like better than IBM When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and IBM wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of January 4, 2017 Tim Brugger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Adobe Systems and Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Home and Garden, Industry, Internet, Markets, Uncategorized, unit, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Macau Is Growing Up — Here’s What’s New in the Chinese Gaming Mecca Next PostNext What’s Behind Procter &amp; Gamble Co.’s Sales Growth Upgrade? Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,380 Reviews & Articles | 54,057 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets Intel's new Lake Crest CPU has AI tech, 32GB of HBM2 Intel is set to shake the enterprise and deep learning markets with their next-gen Lake Crest architecture By: Anthony Garreffa | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: 6 days ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA AMD is going to completely own the CPU game with its Ryzen processors, offering some nice technology features that even Intel doesn't have on their flagship processors - but Intel is preparing for a new deep neural network aimed CPU architecture, known as Lake Crest.     Lake Crest have been made with DNN (Deep Neural Network) workloads in mind, so it will better compete against the GPU-based offerings from AMD and NVIDIA.     Intel acquired deep learning startup Nervana for $350 million last year, so the catalyst of this partnership is the new Lake Crest architecture. Intel's VP Datacenter Group and GM for AI solutions, Naveen Rao explains: "We have developed the Nervana hardware especially with regard to deep learning workloads. In this area, two operations are often used: matrix multiplication and convolution".   The next generation Lake Crest CPU will operate as a Xeon co-processor, but is designed to increase AI workloads in a big way thanks to Intel's new "Flexpoint" architecture, which will be used inside the arithmetic nodes of the new Lake Crest CPU. Intel's new super-power can increase arithmetic operations on the Lake Crest CPU by up to 10x, as well as offering MCM (Multi Chip Module) design.     Better yet, it will have 32GB of HBM2 available, with a huge 8Tbps of memory bandwidth across the entire CPU.     Intel will be using "proprietary inter-chip links" which the company says are "up to 20x faster than PCIe".   Diane Bryant, Executive Vice President and GM of the Data Center Group at Intel explains: " We expect the Intel Nervana platform to produce breakthrough performance and dramatic reductions in the time to train complex neural networks. Before the end of the decade, Intel will deliver a 100-fold increase in performance that will turbocharge the pace of innovation in the emerging deep learning space". NEWS SOURCES:Wccftech.com Recommended for You Intel's new $7 billion facility to make 7nm chips... Core i7-7700K overclocked to 7.2GHz with liquid helium... Intel's upcoming 10nm-based Cannonlake will combat... Samsung will start producing 7nm chips early 2018 >> NEXT STORY: Windows Cloud: Microsoft's all-cloud OS gets teased << PREVIOUS STORY: 'Transformers: The Last Knight' Super Bowl spot explodes Related Tags Intel Lake Crest Intel Lake Crest AMD NVIDIA Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts iPhone X has wireless charging, and it's about damn time The top For Honor PC deals as we near release Samsung foldable phones might arrive in 2018 HMD's first Nokia-branded phone arrives in Europe WhatsApp now enables two-step verificationView More News Posts Forum Activity Mainboard P9 X79 Pro EATX12V connector burnt Overclock G31M-VS2 ViewSonic's 1440p 165Hz Monitor: Best Gaming Display? MSI GT62VR High-End gaming notebook with GTX 1060 overview Aorus z270x Gaming K7 motherboard problemsView More Forum Posts Press Releases Intel's Fab 42 will target advanced 7 nm technology and create more than 10,000 jobs in Arizona Palit announces the passive GeForce GTX 1050 Ti KalmX Silent graphics card Latest NVIDIA Quadro Pascal GPUs, led by high-end GP100, streamline visualization, simulation and VR workflow Kingston now shipping the HyperX Alloy FPS with Cherry MX Red or Brown switches Cooler Master announces 'Case Mod World Series 2017' with 25th anniversary celebration bonusView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Feature This Time, AMD’s Revival Is for Real AMD’s sweeping changes could elevate it in cloud computing. Shares could double in a year. By Tiernan Ray Biography February 4, 2017 Over the past two decades, Advanced Micro Devices has been a perpetual also-ran to chip giant Intel. While AMD has made brilliant technological strides over the years, it has never gained lasting competitive advantage over its rival. But that could soon change, thanks to a new executive team led by CEO Lisa Su, 47, who joined the company in 2012 and took the helm in October 2014. “AMD has, in the past, suffered from a lack of execution and a lack of focus,” says Linley Gwennap, head of the Linley Group, a tech research... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. What’s Apple to Do with $246 Billion in Cash? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 12 Stocks to Benefit Most From the House Tax Plan Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Why You Want to Own Tesla Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Bristol-Myers Squibb Stock in Bargain Bin Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Best Fund Families of 2016 2 Is Under Armour Asking for a Backlash? 3 Twitter Posts 10th Straight Quarter of Lower Revenue Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
/ IoT Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Sign In / Join {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Security Web Dev Let's be friends: When LEDs Are More Than Lights, Buildings Become Smarter A combination of LEDs, sensors, and wireless networks can not only help lighting, but can also have a positive impact on security—creating solutions for the whole building. by Theresa Meek · Feb. 05, 17 · IoT Zone Like (0) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free Operating costs are a concern for all building managers, whether they’re in charge of an office or a factory. LED lights can help — and when those lights connect to the internet of things (IoT), they can deliver still more benefits. Intelligent lighting can make energy adjustments automatically, using sensors to decide when to light up a room — or to turn down the air conditioning. And that’s not all. Intelligent lighting can have surprising benefits. It can improve indoor air quality, tighten facility security, and even help factories run more efficiently. Lights That See and Hear Intelligent lighting combines LEDs, sensors, and wireless networks with building automation software. Pulling these technologies together takes a team effort. Consider the approach taken by Current, a smart energy startup within GE. By combining GE’s lighting knowledge with Intel’s sensor-processing expertise, Current created a full-fledged lighting solution that is as efficient to deploy as it is to operate. In commercial buildings, Current’s lights can detect ambient temperature, humidity, and carbon monoxide levels. They can determine whether a room is full of people, has a just a few occupants or is empty. Together these measurements provide the information needed to adjust temperature and lighting automatically. Plus, intelligent lights can integrate with conference room scheduling systems to simplify planning and keep energy bills low. Intelligent lights can “see” a building and its grounds using cameras and motion detectors and “hear” what’s going on with sound sensors. In many cases, the sensors can eliminate the need for single-purpose security cameras and motion detectors, helping cut capital expenditure (because less equipment is needed) and operational expenditure (because there are fewer systems to maintain). If a window breaks or someone yells for help, those lights can alert owners, police or firefighters. Over time, property managers might spot trends to help with long-range planning and predictive maintenance. The benefits can be massive. GE used the technology at a manufacturing facility to achieve a 24 percent reduction in energy use and a boost in productivity worth hundreds of thousands of dollars. How Intelligent Lighting Works Setting up Current’s lighting can be surprisingly easy. The lights connect to a local controller through a wireless ZigBee network, which in turn connects to a server either on the premises or in the cloud. From there, data can be sliced and diced in any number of ways. Controller dashboards can display information as granular as a burnt-out light bulb or as broad as the annual cost of heating 500 offices. “Companies can take terabytes of data from all of their branches and quickly evaluate it,” said Samuel Grebe, director of strategic accounts, commercial and hospitality at Current. Secure in The Middle, Open on the Ends Current’s platform has an open architecture, which means it can work with sensors and other hardware made by any manufacturer. Analysis can be done either in the cloud or on the local controller using powerful Intel processors to crunch data on-site. In either case, the analytics run on GE’s Predix platform. This secure platform lets third-party developers create custom apps that allow building managers to focus on the information most important to them. “We provide an open bottom, a secure middle and an open top, so companies aren’t restricted to using GE equipment or one kind of software,” Grebe said. More Efficient Factories Manufacturers, too, can use lighting to improve operations. At a plant run by GE Power in Greenville, South Carolina, GE and Intel are installing LED lights with embedded sensors. These lights will measure the temperature near a turbine assembly stand, where it’s critical for parts to be heated and cooled at a uniform rate. By tracking temperature with intelligent lighting, the factory expects to identify potential defects that could avoid rework — dodging weeks of possible downtime. Temperature information will be uploaded to the Predix cloud, which will use Intel technology to deliver readings in real time along various points of the turbine as parts are heated and cool down. Data will be visualized, letting the workers know if there is a potential defect. Other factories could find their own ways of using intelligent lighting. The built-in sensors could detect malfunctions or parts that are wearing down, benefiting both product quality and equipment maintenance. Or they could optimize air quality, enabling manufacturers to maintain safe conditions without running ventilation systems excessively. Make Intelligent Buildings a Reality The more building and factory managers use intelligent lights to collect information, the more insights they stand to gain. Though their needs may change, they will always have access to the latest and most detailed information to guide their decisions. When humble light fixtures are outfitted with sensors and connected to the cloud, they can unleash truly brilliant ideas for cities, buildings, and factories. Like This Article? Read More From DZone The Internet of Things is Coming to a Mouth Near You My Frustrations With “Smart Homes” IoT Sensors to Keep Leaves Off of the Line Free Resource Getting Started With MQTT Topics: iot ,led ,sensor networks ,smart devices DOWNLOAD Like (0) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Published at DZone with permission of Theresa Meek, DZone MVB. See the original article here. Opinions expressed by DZone contributors are their own. The best of DZone straight to your inbox. SEE AN EXAMPLE SUBSCRIBE Please provide a valid email address. Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. Subscribe {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
null
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Broadband Cable Equipment FTTH ISP Satellite Telco Test & Monitor Broadcast Advertising Ads Targetted Digital Radio DSO DTH/Satellite DTT/DSO FTA Pay TV Services VOD Catch Up Premium Business Funding IPO Joint Venture M&A People Regulation Policy Spectrum Standards Results Content app CA/DRM CDNs Games Piracy Production Rights UGC VR Work flow In Home Home Network PVR STB Mobile APPS Companion devices MNO Mobile TV Portable Media OTT Connected TV HbbTV IPTV Middleware IPG Search/Recommendation OTT UGC Research Consumer Behaviour Equipment Markets Social Media UHD Equipment Production Ultra-HD/4K White Papers TiVo reveals top Super Bowl moments February 7, 2017 TiVo has compiled its post-game report highlighting this year’s most engaging commercials, promotions and in-game moments from the overtime comeback by the New England Patriots over the Atlanta Falcons. As Tom Brady and Matt Ryan faced off, so did the advertisers. This year’s ‘tech’ bowl brought out the best in technology advertisers, including Amazon, Google, Hulu, Intel, Mobile Strike, Netflix, Nintendo, T-Mobile, Sprint, Squarespace, Wix and World of Tanks. Accompanying the tech-themed advertisements, Intel brought the latest in GPS-controlled drone technology to join Lady Gaga during the halftime show. Commercial content spun the gamut, from cute and comedic to sweet and sentimental, often including celebrity faces and sports star cameos. Bai Brands ranked the highest overall in engagement with an appearance by Christopher Walken, who dramatically delivered the lyrics to Bye Bye Bye alongside Justin Timberlake. Top 10 commercials and promotions The following are the top 10 commercials and promotions from the big game, according to TiVo: Bai Brands – BaiBaiBai Kia – Hero’s Journey It’s a 10 Haircare – It’s a 10 Haircare T-Mobile – Its All That and More Honda – Yearbooks Anheuser-Busch – Born the Hard Way Paramount – Transformers: The Last Knight General Motors – If That’s a Buick Disney – Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales Wonderful Company – Ernie Gets Physical TiVo uses second-by-second data and measurement tools to rank the top commercials from this year’s championship game, based on commercial retention compared to overall programme viewership. “As one of the biggest broadcasting events of the year, this epic showdown represents the perfect opportunity for brands and advertisers to attract and engage with fans on the grandest sports stage in the world,” said Paul Stathacopoulos, vice president of strategy, TiVo. “Marketers are often searching for the most efficient and effective platforms to reach their customers but even as commercial content continues to get flashier, strategic placement is key. Using advertising analytics and data-driven audience insights can further nurture viewer engagement, leading to better entertainment experiences.” Top moment of the broadcast For the seventh consecutive year, TiVo found viewership for the halftime show exceeding that of the overall game. Known for her over-the-top ensembles and electronic dance moves, Lady Gaga’s high-tech halftime performance was exceedingly well-received, generating 41 thousand tweets per minute. The pyrotechnic showcase ended with this year’s top moment of the broadcast including a theatric mic drop and jump off the stage. Based on data from the last nine years, this year’s halftime show ranked third right behind 2012’s performance by Madonna and 2015’s halftime show featuring Katy Perry and Lenny Kravitz. Top three in-game moments The most engaging in-game moments all took place within the last 30 minutes of the game: (1) At second and goal from the 2-yard line in overtime, Brady tosses the ball to James White, who scores a touchdown for the Patriots’ victory. (2) With three seconds left in regulation time, Brady hands off to Dion Lewis, who goes out of bounds at the New England 48-yard line, leading to the first overtime in NFL championship history. (3) At the 1-yard line, Brady hands off to James White, who crosses the goal line for a touchdown. After the 2-point conversion, the game is tied at 28-28 with less than a minute remaining in the game. TiVo subscribers can view all this year’s top commercials from their TiVo devices. Related posts: Budweiser lifts Super Bowl ad crown Super Bowl XLIX biggest ever US TV audience TiVo ranks most-watched Super Bowl ads and moments Hulu reveals most popular Super Bowl ads Super Bowl highest ever TV audience You must be logged in to post a comment Login LATEST NEWS MPs demand Murdoch ‘fit and proper' test ABI: "Compelling content to drive VR market" TF1 unveils The Voice VR experience Antitrust probe for Telecom Italia and Fastweb Disney considering OTT for India RAI sees major drop in TV licence fee evasion Global IP study: ‘Challenges remain’   UK wants rocket launch site US: Best Buy pulls Oculus Rift demos Report: 1 in 4 advanced TV campaigns use 1st-party data Search Archive Select a Month Click to Select February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 0 Select a Category Click to Select Articles Broadband    Cable    Equipment    FTTH    ISP    Satellite    Telco    Test & Monitor Broadcast    Advertising       Ads       Targetted    Digital Radio    DSO    DTH/Satellite    DTT/DSO    FTA    Pay TV    Services    VOD       Catch Up       Premium Business    Funding    IPO    Joint Venture    M&A    People    Regulation       Policy       Spectrum       Standards    Results Content    app    CA/DRM    CDNs    Games    Piracy    Production    Rights    UGC    VR    Work flow Events Guest Blog    Inside Satellite    Off Message    Third Party Headline In Home    Home Network    PVR    STB Magazines    EuroMedia    IPTV Mobile    APPS    Companion devices    MNO    Mobile TV    Portable Media OTT    Connected TV    HbbTV    IPTV    Middleware       IPG       Search/Recommendation    OTT    UGC Photo Press Releases Research    Consumer Behaviour    Equipment    Markets Research Library    Research TV Channel Social Media UHD    Equipment    Production    Ultra-HD/4K Video White Papers Search by Keyword Broadband Broadcast Business Content In Home Mobile OTT Research Social Media UHD White Papers Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Copyright Advanced Television Ltd © 2001–2017 Maintained by Elrond Limited Advanced Television Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
People close Home News Watch PEN Photos Videos Style Celebrity Food Bodies Babies Home & Travel Pets Country Crime Human Interest TV Movies Music Politics Royals Shop Premium Stay Connected Facebook Tumblr Instagram Pinterest YouTube Google+ Subscribe Print Magazine All Access Premium Free Trial Gift Box Offer Give a Gift Buy Current Issue Customer Service Advertise With Us Online Magazine Learn More More Special Offers Mobile Apps Sitemap Contact Us Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Copyright © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. Skip to content People Music Beyoncé Knowles Kanye West Lady Gaga Taylor Swift Gwen Stefani Lady Gaga’s Illusion: How Her Super Bowl Halftime Show Jump from the Stadium Really Went Down By Stephanie Petit Posted on February 6, 2017 at 4:40pm EST Share Tweet Email The New England Patriots may have pulled off the biggest comeback in Super Bowl history, but Lady Gaga‘s jump into her halftime performance had everyone — sports fan or not — talking. However, it turns out the songstress’ leap into NRG Stadium was truly a perfect illusion. The start of Gaga’s performance appeared to show her on top of the stadium as she sang a medley of “God Bless America” and “This Land Is Your Land” while Intel drones created an American flag behind her. However, the millions watching on television were fooled when the performer seemed to leap into the stadium and slowly descend to the stage. Those inside, however, had a behind-the-scenes look at the inner workings of the stunt. “It was pre-recorded — she wasn’t on the roof,” onlooker Nathan Michaud tells PEOPLE. “She came out on the field at the start of halftime, and they raised her up on cables in the dark as the video played. As soon as the clip showed her jumping, the spotlight focused on Gaga suspended in the air and they brought her down. She absolutely nailed it — before Tom Brady stole the rest of the show.” RELATED VIDEO: Lady Gaga on Her Way Up to the Roof (Courtesy Scott Herman) Patrick Smith/Getty GAGA DIDN'T JUMP! JOANNE THE SCAMMER PULLED A PERFECT ILLUSION. I AM SHOOK. pic.twitter.com/NuqkvrSwBL — Mike T (@majtague) February 6, 2017 RELATED VIDEO: Lady Gaga Drops Into the Super Bowl (Courtesy Jayne Centeno Kelly)   Intel drones’ general manager Natalie Cheung confirmed that the drones were shot over several days, noting that several factors prevented the perfectly choreographed stunt from happening live. “There’s a lot of weather and environment [issues],” Cheung told USA Today. “In February, you don’t know what it will be like during Super Bowl day. We’d hate to plan all this and, if the wind speeds are too high or if it’s raining and the roof is closed, no one can see this spectacular show. So our creative team as well as the Super Bowl creative team felt this would be best to be filmed. Lady Gaga also was on the roof when this was filmed, and from a logistics and creative perspective, it’s a bit hard for her to go from the roof all the way down to the floor of the stadium.” Kevin C. Cox/Getty Cheung explained that although it wasn’t live, the feat was still an impressive show. “It’s a different way of merging art and technology, which I think a lot of people haven’t seen,” she said. “We started this effort maybe a year and a half ago, and it started with 100 drones in the sky and showed a simple Intel logo. We caught on pretty quickly that this was more than just fireworks. It could be branding in the sky. It could be an artistic event. There’s a lot of different ways that people could utilize this. The Disney team we worked with used it as a theme park attraction. The Super Bowl team utilized it as a way to emphasize and express Lady Gaga’s music. … It can create and mean many different things.” RELATED VIDEO: Lady Gaga Announces Joanne World Tour   The singer-songwriter has announced her Joanne World Tour after performing during the Super Bowl halftime show on Sunday night. The global trek will be Gaga’s first proper tour since co-headlining the Cheek to Cheek Tour with Tony Bennett between 2014 and 2015. The tour kicks off in August in Vancouver and will run through December making stops all around North America and Europe, before wrapping up back in the U.S. for a final date on Dec. 14 in Salt Lake City. Show Full Article Sponsored Stories More People Logo Drake Responds to Rumors He Asked a Fan to Remove Her Hijab: ‘I Am Being Utilized in a Fake Media Story’ 16 Songs from the Past Century of Protest Music Who’s Performing at the 2017 Grammys? Derek Hough Dances Through Life in Michael Bublé’s Moving, Family-Focused New ‘I Believe in You’ Music Video The Producer of the Year Grammy Nominees Are Literally Responsible for the Biggest Hits of 2016: Check Out the Playlist Load More Stories Most Popular 1 Adam Levine Joined by Wife Behati and Daughter Dusty at Walk of Fame Ceremony: ‘I’m One of the Luckiest People’ 2 Cassadee Pope Is Engaged to All Time Low Drummer Rian Dawson — See Her Ring! 3 Jamie Lynn Spears' Daughter Maddie Returns Home After ATV Accident: 'She Is on the Way to a Full Recovery' 4 Drake Responds to Rumors He Asked a Fan to Remove Her Hijab: ‘I Am Being Utilized in a Fake Media Story’ 5 Lady Gaga Is Dating Talent Agent Christian Carino See Also People Facebook Tumblr Instagram Pinterest YouTube Google+ All products featured were editorially selected. PEOPLE.com may receive a percentage of sales for items purchased from these links. Copyright © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Oracle refuses to let Java copyright battle die – another appeal filed in war against Google Bugat-wielding hacker: Yes, I tried to nick $3.2m from US schools, oil biz Lovely. Now someone's ported IoT-menacing Mirai to Windows boxes Voila! Bazinga! Amazon turns Alexa into an annoying 'cool' aunt Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Take cover! Storage news barrage incoming Crims in £160m broadband scam facing 44 years of porridge Talking to Tintri's Alexa speechbot might not actually be all that crazy Oracle settles court spat with fired cloud 'sales inflation whistleblower' Oracle refuses to let Java copyright battle die – another appeal filed in war against Google It's 2017 so SAP's added a Siri clone and machine learning to ERP Zut alors! Uber wrecked my marriage, fumes French businessman Windows 10: What is it good for? Microsoft pitches to devs ahead of Creators Update Bugat-wielding hacker: Yes, I tried to nick $3.2m from US schools, oil biz Lovely. Now someone's ported IoT-menacing Mirai to Windows boxes Run this in April: UPDATE Azure SET SQLthreat_detection = 'generally available' Scottish court issues damages to couple over distress caused by neighbour's use of CCTV World to spend US$2.4 TRILLION on tech in 2017 Brought to you by UK.gov: 'Most ambitious programme of change of any government anywhere in the world' Wow, what an incredible 12 months: 2017's data center year in review MNOs will lose 5G rewards to new entrants if they will not share networks Continuous Lifecycle London: More workshops, more speakers Why software engineers should ditch Silicon Valley for Austin Docker polices secrets, in Iron Man suit no less To do DevOps right, beam down a UFO says Dynatrace Policy The Channel Verisign probed by US Dept of Justice over $135m .web auction Judge green lights Microsoft vs Uncle Sam gag order case Hortonworks brakes on breaking even, continues to burn cash Soz telcos you're 'low priority' post-Brexit, says leaked gov doc Voila! Bazinga! Amazon turns Alexa into an annoying 'cool' aunt Crack in black: Matte iPhones losing paint at alarming rate, gripe fans Samsung's Chromebook Pro: Overpriced vanilla PC with a stylus. 'Wow' Comcast lied and now it must STFU: Its cable broadband is not 'the fastest' in the US SPB Geek's Guide Stick glue on a drone. Fly it into a flower. World hunger solved, bee-lieve NASA bakes Venus-proof electronics Hyperloop sueball noose-man launches tube-travel rival Vintage Space Shuttle fuel tank destroyed by New Orleans tornado Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Nokia wheels out a complete MVNO package. Makes a change from WinPho That's cute. AI and IoT need 'ethics regulation', mumbles Lib Dem baron Teach undergrads ethics to ensure future AI is safe – compsci boffins Police drones, robo surgeons and chatbot civil servants. What could go wrong? Verity Stob Get orf the air over moi land Irish farmer roars at drones All of Blighty's attack submarines are out of action – report You want WHO?! Reg readers vote Tom Baker for Doctor 13. Of course Welcome to my world of The Unexplained – yes, you're welcome to it More like this Intel Cisco Data Centre Intel's Atom C2000 chips are bricking products – and it's not just Cisco hit Chipzilla and Switchzilla won't confirm connection but the writing is on the wall 6 Feb 2017 at 22:34, Thomas Claburn Updated Intel's Atom C2000 processor family has a fault that effectively bricks devices, costing the company a significant amount of money to correct. But the semiconductor giant won't disclose precisely how many chips are affected nor which products are at risk. On its Q4 2016 earnings call earlier this month, chief financial officer Robert Swan said a product issue limited profitability during the quarter, forcing the biz to set aside a pot of cash to deal with the problem. "We were observing a product quality issue in the fourth quarter with slightly higher expected failure rates under certain use and time constraints, and we established a reserve to deal with that," he said. "We think we have it relatively well-bounded with a minor design fix that we're working with our clients to resolve." Coincidentally, Cisco last week issued an advisory warning that several of its routing, optical networking, security and switch products sold prior to November 16, 2016 contain a faulty clock component that is likely to fail at an accelerated rate after 18 months of operation. Cisco at the time declined to name the supplier of that component. When asked on Monday whether Intel supplied the faulty electronics, a Cisco spokesperson told that The Register that the networking giant does not intend to publicly name the supplier. Intel indicated in a January 2017 revision of its Atom C2000 family documentation that the chip line contains a clock flaw. Errata note AVR.54, titled "System May Experience Inability to Boot or May Cease Operation," explains that the Atom C2000 Low Pin Count bus clock outputs (LPC_CLKOUT0 and LPC_CLKOUT1) may stop functioning. Permanently. An Intel spokesperson in an email to The Register characterized the issue as "a degradation of a circuit element under high use conditions at a rate higher than Intel’s quality goals after multiple years of service." "If the LPC clock(s) stop functioning the system will no longer be able to boot," Intel's documentation explains. This consequence is precisely what Cisco says may happen to its devices given enough time. "Once the component has failed, the system will stop functioning, will not boot, and is not recoverable," Cisco's advisory states. The Register asked Intel whether it could confirm that Cisco's advisory could be attributed to an Intel component. Intel said it could not confirm or deny whether its chip issue is the one affecting Cisco gear, citing a policy of not commenting on customers. We note that the affected Cisco ASA 55xx products use Intel's Atom C2000 system-on-chips at least. Radio silence We asked Intel to provide specific details about when it began and stopped shipping Intel Atom C2000 processors with faulty clock outputs. Intel declined to comment. The official errata says the B0 stepping of C2xxx Atoms are vulnerable to failure, and these parts began shipping in 2013. The specific SKUs are: C2308, C2338, C2350, C2358, C2508, C2518, C2530, C2538, C2550, C2558, C2718, C2730, C2738, C2750, and C2758. We asked Intel how many affected Atom C2000 chips have been shipped and how much fixing the issue will cost the company. Intel declined to comment. Intel did, however, provide some insight on how the Atom C2000 flaw might be addressed. "A board level workaround exists for the existing production stepping of the product which resolves the issue," a company spokesperson said in an email. "Additionally, Intel will implement and validate a minor silicon fix in a new product stepping that resolves this issue." Many other technology vendors make products with Intel Atom C2000 processors, including Dell and Synology. The Register pinged Dell via email, and it was not immediately available for comment. People with Synology DS1815+ storage boxes have been reporting complete hardware failures; the DS1815+ is powered by an Intel Atom C2538. Other vendors using Atom C2000 chips include Asrock, Aaeon, HP, Infortrend, Lanner, NEC, Newisys, Netgate, Netgear, Quanta, Supermicro, and ZNYX Networks. The chipset is aimed at networking devices, storage systems, and microserver workloads. If you know of any affected or failed gear, please let us know. According to this Intel data-sheet [PDF], LPC_CLKOUT0 and LPC_CLKOUT1 are driven by the processor to provide essential timing signals to hardware on the board, including the boot ROM. If these signals stop ticking, the rest of the electronics stops, too. ® Updated to add at 14:29 UTC, February 7 Synology told The Reg it was "investigating this issue together with Intel," saying it would "provide more detailed information in the week as it becomes available." It added: "At this time Synology has not seen any indication that this issue has caused an increase in failure rates for DiskStation or RackStation models equipped with Intel Atom C2000 series processors. However once additional information is available, Synology will post an advisory on this topic. "In the meantime it is still safe to continue to use your device, however should you encounter any issues these will be handled via our support teams and all the devices are still covered under the standard warranty provided with all our units. Technical Support can be reached via www.synology.com/ticket." Updated to add at 15:36 UTC, February 7 Synology subsequently asked to have its statement above revised to omit any mention of Intel. Updated to add at 18:23 UTC, February 8 Once again, Synology has been in touch, seemingly now able to use the I word, to say: "Intel has recently notified Synology regarding the issue of the processor’s increased degradation chance of a specific component after heavy, prolonged usage. "Synology has not currently seen any indication that this issue has caused an increase in failure rates for DiskStation or RackStation models equipped with Intel Atom C2000 series processors compared to other models manufactured in the same time frame not equipped with the affected processors." Tips and corrections 96 Comments More from The Register Regular or premium? Intel pumps out Optane memory at CES CES 2017 Just a dash to Kaby Lake splash 20 Comments Intel's Q4 was 'terrific' and 'record setting' says CEO as profits dip How's that sacking 12,000 people thing going, Bri? 3 Comments Apple weans itself off Intel with 'more ARM chips' for future Macs Cook bakes up another Chipzilla-free component for fruity computers – report 32 Comments Intel mulls sale of Intel Security – reports Opinion The game done changed 6 Comments Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good All is well, rejoice, rejoice, let's get into the white 'n' fluffy Intel is shipping an ARM-based FPGA. Repeat, Intel is shipping an ARM-based FPGA Nobody tell Linux, okay? 30 Comments Whitepapers Machine Learning Delivers Better IT Insights Learn how predictive analytics and machine learning can improve application performance. GDPR: Centralise Unstructured Data Governance across On-Premises and Cloud CIOs are also struggling to balance their desire for consolidation and centralised management with the need to meet the GDPR deadline and solve the immediate operational challenges. OpenStack brings agility to cloud platforms FICO needed an agile platform to provide its Analytic Cloud services to mid-sized businesses. Customer Communication Management in the Cloud In 2016, the world of customer communications management (CCM), one of the core operational areas for enterprises in the financial sector. Most read SQL Server on Linux? HELL YES! Linux on Windows 10? Meh USMC: We want more F-35s per year than you Limeys will get in half a decade IT guy checks to see if PC is virus-free, with virus-ridden USB stick Macs don't get viruses? Hahaha, ha... seriously though, that Word doc could be malware Planned Espionage Act could jail journos and whistleblowers as spies Spotlight Cattle that fail, not pets that purr – the future of servers Small but perfectly formed: Dailymotion's object storage odyssey Hobbled by partners Dell and NetApp, where does Cisco go from here? You better layer up, Micron's working on next-generation XPoint BOFH: Password HELL. For you, mate, not for me Flash! A-ah! He'll save everyone of us... from sluggish disk boxes Baird is the word: Netflix's grandaddy gets bronze London landmark So you want to roll your own cloud Sponsored links All-Flash Arrays - A flash of brilliance or just a flash in the pan? Have your say in our reader survey Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / More than 100 companies join legal fight against Trump travel ban More than 100 companies join legal fight against Trump travel ban Posted on Monday, February 6, 2017 by CNN in Business News America’s biggest tech firms have stepped into the legal fight against President Donald Trump’s travel ban. A total of 127 companies — including Apple, Facebook, Google, Intel, Microsoft, Netflix and Twitter — filed court papers declaring that Trump’s executive order on immigration “violates the immigration laws and the Constitution.” The wave of opposition came in two court filings, one on Sunday and one on Monday. Almost all the companies that signed on in support are tech companies. The few exceptions include yogurt producer Chobani, snack maker Kind and fashion brand Levi Strauss. All three companies were founded by immigrants. The ban represents “a sudden shift in the rules governing entry into the United States, and is inflicting substantial harm on U.S. companies,” says the court document. It’s the latest move by the tech industry to oppose Trump’s controversial order, which has run into hurdles in the U.S. court system. The motion was filed with the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, which on Sunday morning denied the U.S. government’s emergency request to resume Trump’s travel ban. The appeals court has asked for both sides to file legal briefs before it makes a final decision. The lawsuit in question was filed by the attorneys general of Washington state and Minnesota. The motion from the companies seeks permission to file what’s known as an amicus (“friend of the court”) brief in the case. The San Francisco-based Ninth Circuit has a reputation as one of the most liberal in the nation. No matter how it rules, the next stop for the case is likely be the U.S. Supreme Court. Trump’s executive order bars citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the U.S. for 90 days and all refugees from entering for 120 days. It also indefinitely halts refugees from Syria. Tech companies have been at the vanguard of businesses opposing the ban. Their court motion emphasizes the important role of immigration in the U.S. economy. “Immigrants make many of the Nation’s greatest discoveries, and create some of the country’s most innovative and iconic companies,” it says. “At the same time, America has long recognized the importance of protecting ourselves against those who would do us harm,” it adds. “But it has done so while maintaining the fundamental commitment to welcoming immigrants — through increased background checks and other controls on people seeking to enter our country.” It’s not the first legal move by tech firms over Trump’s ban. Amazon and Expedia filed motions last week in the Washington attorney general’s lawsuit. They argued the immigration order will hurt their employees and their businesses. Uber CEO Travis Kalanick on Thursday dropped out of Trump’s business advisory council, citing the ban. “The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America,” Kalanick wrote in a memo to employees. “Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there’s a growing fear the U.S. is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants.” Uber and its rival Lyft both support the motion filed Sunday. Tesla CEO Elon Musk has defended his decision to take part in the advisory council, saying it’s better to be on the inside where he can push Trump on issues like immigration and climate change. Tesla was not a signatory to the motion initially but signed on to the brief Monday evening. — Rob McLean, Ariane de Vogue and Laura Jarrett contributed to this report. Editor’s Note: This article has been updated to include Monday’s new filings. Elon Musk joins court fight against Trump travel ban These 127 companies are fighting Donald Trump's travel ban Related Posts Brexit vote: A short guide to the next two months Univision announces IPO plan Google could be your next mortgage broker Pope Francis wants climate action. What’s the cost? Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in | Register Most commented stories • Rumor: AMD Ryzen CPU lineup leaks with six-core models in tow [150] • Rumor: Ryzen processors might top out at $490 [104] • AMD touts Zen die size advantage at ISSCC [75] • Intel's next Core chips will be built on 14-nm tech again [53] Hot forum threads • Best low profile video cards available (January 2017) • Motherboard/PSU Compatibilty • Need some advice helping select a monitor • Printer suggeestions Asus' Kaby Lake OC guide helps users toward the 5GHz summit by Eric Frederiksen  4:39 PM on February 6, 2017 Overclocking a processor takes a lot of guesswork–especially when it's a freshly-released CPU like Intel's Core i7-7700K. From figuring out the target voltage you need to picking out an adequate cooling solution, there are tons of variables to account for. The minds over at Asus's EdgeUp blog have done a bunch of research on overclocking Kaby Lake CPUs, and have come away with some interesting results. Cranking your Kaby Lake CPU to 5GHz with just air cooling is within reach—if you're lucky. The people at Asus found that about 20% of Core i7-7700K CPUs were stable at the 5GHz mark when put under AVX workloads. Even then, the chips begin to run out of thermal headroom and throttle around 1.35V—something that's reasonably consistent with our own experiences here. Asus did have some luck with improving cooling by de-lidding the CPU and swapping in a more conductive thermal compound. This operation allowed Asus' testers to reduce core voltages at a given overclocked frequency. Asus noted in its breakdown that DDR4-3600 RAM appears to be the upper limit for plug-and-play overclocking. In our review, we were able to use DDR4-3866 RAM without major issues. Maybe we got lucky, though. It's also worth mentioning that Asus is porting its Windows-based Thermal Control Tool to its Z270 boards' firmware. The Thermal Control Tool can help chips plugged into those boards behave better at the upper limits of voltage and frequency by clocking the chip down when it hits a certain preset temperature limit. Once it drops back down far enough, the CPU will clock back up. That should help keep the chip running within safe ranges and potentially extend its lifespan. Asus's guide is extensive to say the least, and worth taking a look at if you're hoping to squeeze some extra juice out of your CPU.   Tags: CPUs Log in | Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Steam Greenlight will metamorphose into Steam Direct 25 In the lab: MSI's Trident 3 gaming mini-PC 6 Possible Intel Optane DC P4800X specifications leak 18 EVGA iCX tech offers a complete picture of graphics card temps 8 EKWB's GA Z270X RGB Monoblock lights up your Gigabyte mobo 5 Deals of the week: a relatively affordable GTX 1080 and more 8 Intel's next Core chips will be built on 14-nm tech again 53 NEC's EX341R monitor does double duty as a KVM switch 6 Nvidia fills the Shield Tablet K1 with Nougat 30 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS tipoo "Buffalo" - Jeff Kampman, The Tech Report Odd? I thought that's what enthusiasts spent the last few years screaming at Intel for, processors decoupled... +46 Chrispy_ "Buffalo" - Jeff Kampman, The Tech Report (as per the request from chuckula in t... +45 Voldenuit Saw 'sony' and immediately read that as 'Sony sandwiches DRM into image sensors'... +38 Voldenuit Sizen confirmed. +30 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
Home Browse Content From Sponsors   Back to Barron's Search       Why AMD Shares Are Soaring 2/6/2017 2:23PM      Barron's Bounce: Graphics chips from Advanced Micro Devices power devices that run applications ranging from video games to artificial intelligence. Plus: an undervalued energy play and what's next for Chipotle shares.       Transcript This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. I ... one-time tech darling it was left for dead is now surging dollar Barron's recommendation and Jack Otter Editor Barron's the economy was jackals senior the magazine ... it's Monday so we talk about stocks moving after mention Barron's magazine ... and we've got Microchip's we've got energy providers and the leaky burrito yes but start with the tech darling and D ... I think they'll last at one hundred back in the go go days of two thousand and nine ... and was down around two dollars and sixty cents two years ago when Tiernan Ray recommended it ... yesterday at ... twelve and change he says it's still a lot to go ... gets up huge of a dozen than an also ran to Intel of course and ship chips for personal computers chips for servers ... that's okay that's a pretty good spot to be and is going to mean no players in that business ... the question is is AMD gonna have a ... minuscule shale Henri meaningful end of the Second eyeshadows The ... and that that's the good things going on that is a new chief isn't a Trojan is in that spot about two-and-a-half years ... they had brought back a key designer from the past has helped them with some new chip designs ... turn says they have some new ... designs are to be coming out in the in the coming quarters of the best of them rolling out no post ... there's a lot of opportunity to grab share your he's impressed with what they're doing ... Morissette wall ... and you get not only computer chips are also these graphics processors which these days or be used for this little machine gun and so forth ... you don't get huge new market panicky as their focus now is that this sort of making these other things you could buy it in like Intel be found in its they're good at and a half to be growing in excess of places on the people ... of the week ... on a story or is saying like Daisy the engineers are women want in whatever now the new chief is saying look let's talk about to get focused I've found soared in new directions ... I'm very different on a stock because most people haven't heard of it this trough has no coverage ... from Bandra Barry got enough I it's it was the stock left for dead though when a bankrupt ... company ... that just came out bankruptcy in October and now he's not really ... good thing about buying a company after a bankruptcy is you know that the debt has digitally been brought down to manageable levels of ... this was a leveraged buyout ... Berkshire half-way played a role in the financing they took a bath on it ... aam but now that the post bankruptcy company ... no ... financially stronger they serve a good market is this an was brought down by a question the price of natural gas ... when you look it with the remaining stake holders are this is what I think is the key here ... you see some some ... are Wall Street money makers who know how to online value from a thing like this after this kind of acting trip to transact so ... I think he was Apollo it's all I really don't feel more money when you bet on this so it now I mean yes you did trades cheaply relative to other utilities does no one knows what it is you get when you buy are in good company here and think maybe they can unlock a higher share price so and DE jumped about a half percent on the story ... the stock ... is up about two-and-a-half percent ... meanwhile on the other side you said Capote Ley was something investors ought to stay away from ... its down a little bit in your story with strong diplomacy ... rather it that that that that that report late last week and so did the blowback can see in the week ... look I've nothing against the Jews Chipotle lately ... he said the brink of a pretty good deal I mean they're they're they're cheaper there than it is to make it a gift or you need a hearty up I think it's because the young men's race to the young man's game a valiant and even now that like three o'clock ... on a ... but anyhow ... it in future Pillay ... the was built around word of mouth advertising and the messages ... Woodward GMO free it's it's natural it's clean and many of us problematic me of that pack of bacon you have ... that kind of ... food safety disasters that they had a couple years back and not just one but multiple Pierce of monster more than ten states in someone ... is problematic that can be fixed yes coverage to come back ... from this or think ... they have to spend money now I have to ... it's not just one problem and how this is not what one story of a prob with Lexus's have to reinvent your supply chain costs money off it in the name index traded in a few percentage points of sales ... I have to going up to upper times is needed when folks back can you get your message out ... another few percentage points of sale so ... does your comment from a low base now you know if the same sources of cratered there can be some growth from here ... I just think that to spend more money going for nothing new book The Wall Street's ... on and started a new mobile stock trades for those twenty eight times estimates yet begin did look very ambitious to share price to make up to now ... David Kenilworth beer for investors there is a path for working but I seem ... to a few more paths to it not working for them I just might be loved by backpack much cheaper prices ... a few months um I think you might be a place to thank you ... Latest   3:18 Up Next Barron's Buzz: The Best Fund Families of 2016 2/10/2017 4:00PM 0:43   Is Under Armour Asking for a Backlash? 2/10/2017 5:30AM 0:46   How to Survive 'Economy Fares' 2/9/2017 7:00AM 0:40   Why T-Mobile and Sprint Need to Merge 2/8/2017 6:17AM 0:46   How to Talk About Yourself in a Job Interview 2/7/2017 5:30AM 4:19   Raj Sharma: Investments Are Just One Puzzle Piece 2/6/2017 5:23PM 5:00   Why AMD Shares Are Soaring 2/6/2017 2:23PM 0:36   Why Tinder is Sexier than Match.com 2/6/2017 5:50AM 4:59   Barron's Buzz: Can Chipotle Be Fixed? 2/3/2017 4:04PM 0:34   Why You Should File Your Taxes Now 2/3/2017 7:00AM 0:39   Watch Out for Disney on Hulu and YouTube 2/2/2017 7:00AM More → Great Investors   3:09   Oscar Schafer's 3 Values in a Pricey Market 1/28/2017 2:01AM The roundtable veteran sees big things ahead for a pharmaceutical company, a data center services provider, and the AAA of Britain. 3:18   Brian Rogers: 2 Stock Picks for the Trump Era 1/28/2017 6:03   Goldman: 2 Stock Picks; How to Play Bonds 1/28/2017 7:07   4 Stock Picks From Mario Gabelli 1/21/2017 12:11AM 7:30   Gundlach's 4 Picks: 2 ETFs, 1 Fund, and Gold 1/21/2017 12:09AM More → More → Penta: Advice for the Wealthy   4:01   Do You Deserve a $3,000 Bottle of Scotch? 12/20/2016 3:39PM Barron's Penta asked Daily Beast Cocktail Correspondent Noah Rothbaum how to thank a boss who comes through with a big bonus. Hold onto your wallet. 2:48   The Forgotten Designer 12/9/2016 3:51PM 2:00   How to Care For a Watch Collection 11/11/2016 7:00AM 2:50   The Art of Collecting 10/21/2016 10:54AM 3:21   Art Collectors: Avoid These Common Mistakes 10/7/2016 7:00AM More → More → Advisor Center   4:46   3 Undervalued Investments for the Year Ahead 1/5/2017 3:54PM Financial Advisor Steve Hefter, who correctly called the broad rally in U.S. shares, now likes preferred stocks, European stocks, and cyclical names. 4:45   Fast Growing Companies at Value Prices 12/30/2016 5:06PM 5:46   3 Funds for 2017: Trump and Rising Rates 12/30/2016 1:19PM 5:30   Rising Rates? Here's How to Invest for 3% to 10% 12/13/2016 11:35AM 4:12   Hodges: JCPenney, Forterra and Gogo are Buys 12/9/2016 5:21PM More → More → Barron's Bounce   4:32   Dow 30,000 & Brian Rogers' 5 Winning Stocks 1/31/2017 6:21AM The market fell sharply, but, amazingly, all 5 of Roundtable veteran Rogers' picks moved higher. Plus, why Dow 30k is a reasonable target, assuming Trump doesn't torpedo the market. 4:48   Gundlach, Witmer Investment Picks Rising 1/23/2017 2:00PM 3:58   Barron's Bounce: Revlon, Peabody Energy 1/17/2017 1:11PM 4:14   Defense Stocks Can Fly Higher 1/3/2017 1:01PM 2:22   HD Supply's a Winner, Dividends From Little Banks 12/27/2016 3:47PM More → More → Focus on Funds   6:23   The 4 Factors that Make a Great Stock 1/12/2017 3:07PM BlackRock strategist Holly Framsted explains the qualities that signal a stock can outperform over the long term. 3:05   3 ETFs for 2017 and Beyond 12/29/2016 1:18PM 2:59   Here's Where the Price of Gas Is Headed 10/20/2016 7:00AM 3:19   3 Best Investments When Everything's Expensive 10/11/2016 4:17PM 4:51   3 Really Cheap Stock Picks From a Top Manager 10/5/2016 6:00PM More → More → Barron's Magazine Preview   3:50   Barron's Buzz: Warren Buffett's $2.95 Breakfast 1/27/2017 4:00PM Barron's senior editor Jack Hough and WSJ's Shelby Holliday preview the latest issue of Barron's. Topics include the new HBO documentary on Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett. Plus, part 3 of the Barron's 2017 roundtable. Also, could we see Dow 30000 by 2025? Photo: Getty Images 4:28   Barron's Buzz: Roundtable: Mixed Messages in 2017? 1/20/2017 4:18PM 4:37   Barron's Buzz: The 2017 Roundtable 1/13/2017 4:00PM 3:51   Barron's Buzz: Stockpicker's Delight 1/6/2017 4:00PM 4:04   Barron's Buzz: Saving America, Part 4 12/16/2016 4:00PM More → More → Barron's Next   3:29   The Biggest Mistake Millennial Investors Make 1/19/2017 11:18AM Liz Ann Sonders of Charles Schwab explains that a market crash is not the only risk. Here's how to protect against other risks as well. 5:36   Life Lessons From Richard Branson 12/20/2016 4:49PM 2:11   4 Ways to Improve Your Credit Score 11/15/2016 12:48PM 2:23   Why You Need a Credit Card; Get the Right One 10/17/2016 6:51AM More → More → Income Investing   5:32   3 Stocks That Can Double in 3 Years 12/16/2016 1:17PM James Callinan, manager of the Osterweis Emerging Opportunity fund, discusses the appeal of Yelp, Square and Zeltiq, which says it can freeze away fat bulges. 6:50   3 Steps for Boosting Investment Income 11/30/2016 10:57AM 3:56   How to Invest in a Bond Market Gone Crazy 9/28/2016 4:26PM 4:26   Undervalued Stocks with Big Yields 8/27/2016 1:00AM 4:20   How to Find Funds That Offer Safety and Income 8/6/2016 12:05AM More → The Wall Street Journal Digital Network WSJ.com WSJ Video MarketWatch.com Barrons.com BigCharts.com Virtual Stock Exchange About About Content Partnerships Advertising Advertise Locally Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Copyright Policy Tools Tablet Edition Podcasts RSS Feeds WSJ Live on Twitter WSJ Live on Facebook Help Help Customer Service Contact Us Global Support  Download the WSJ Live App WSJ Podcasts View WSJ Video on  WSJ Video Home Topics Browse Videos Programs Content from Sponsors Download The WSJ Live App  View WSJ Video On 
Skip to main content Hard National Security Choices Support Saturday, February 11, 2017 Menu Topics AUMF Covert Action Cybersecurity Detention & Guantanamo Drones Homeland Security Interrogation Laws of War Military Commissions Secrecy Surveillance War Powers View All Home Reviews Book Reviews Brief Reviews Readings Foreign Policy Essay Aegis Omphalos Privacy Paradox DayZero Special Features The Lawfare Podcast Rational Security The Steptoe Cyberlaw Podcast Jihadology Podcast Security By the Book Litigation Documents & Resources Related to Trump Executive Order on Immigration Lawfare Research Paper Series Intelligence Studies Essay Military Commission Coverage Declassified CIA Documents—Studies in Intelligence Snowden Revelations Who is on Board with “Unwilling or Unable”? More Masthead About Lawfare Comments Policy Subscribe to Lawfare The Job Board Calendar Donald Trump Draining the Valley Instead of the Swamp By Andrew Keane Woods Monday, February 6, 2017, 5:03 PM Google+ Reddit LinkedIn Yesterday, most of the U.S.’s biggest technology firms joined the legal fight in the 9th Circuit over the President’s immigration ban, filing a brief arguing that the ban imposes “significant harm” to U.S. businesses.  Over ninety firms signed the brief, including Airbnb, Apple, Box, Citrix, Dropbox, eBay, Facebook, Google, Intel, Lyft, Microsoft, Netflix, PayPal, Snap, Twitter, and Uber, and many more.   The brief is notable for a few things.  First, it makes a few weak legal arguments but focuses mostly on the policy and economic arguments against the immigration ban.  Second, the brief is notable in that it was filed at all.  American tech firms have been in a delicate balancing act, attempting to assuage their customers’ concerns on the one hand without going so far as to “poke the bear” on the other; the brief is a sign that the balance has tilted. President Trump has tried very hard to make his White House both (1) friendly to American technology companies, and (2) intolerantly isolationist.  But as the tech sector’s brief highlights, these are increasingly incompatible goals.   Isolationism is Bad for Tech In Particular The brief makes a big deal out of the fact that we live in a globalized world (“The marketplace for today’s businesses is global.”) This is hardly news.  One need not be a regular at Davos to recognize that the tech sector, more than others, depends on access to global markets.  This is so for a number of reasons.  First, isolationism makes it hard to attract top talent. Internet firms are constantly searching for the best talent worldwide, and that often means hiring immigrants.  President Obama was the regular recipient of calls from the tech community to reform draconian immigration policies that made work visas unusually hard to get. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg even helped found a lobbying group, FWD.US, which filed an amicus brief in the Supreme Court in connection with the litigation over Obama’s deferred action policies. Of course, part of the challenge is that isolationist immigration policies make it hard to actually hire people who already want to come to the U.S.  But just as importantly, even if you can manage to jump through all of the bureaucratic hoops, policies like this make it hard to get people to want to come.  If you had a choice—as you likely do if you are being recruited by Google—why would you choose to come to the U.S., if this is how we treat even those immigrants who do everything by the book?  As Matt Levine over at Bloomberg put it: One upshot of Trump's executive order is that United States lawful permanent residents, who have jumped through years of hoops to comply with the intricate immigration rules enshrined in U.S. law, are no longer protected by that law. They can be deported at the whim of the President, or his advisers, or a Border Patrol agent. Matt’s point is that this is “bad for business.”   Isolationism is Particularly Bad for American Internet Firms While the brief makes the business case against an immigration ban in a globalized world, it does not fully explain how isolationism hurts American internet firms in particular.  What the brief leaves out is the simple fact that American efforts to exclude are inconsistent with the message of American internet firms—Facebook, remember, wants to “connect the world”—and the fact that American firms dominate the global internet.  The U.S. makes up a tiny percentage of total internet users (around eight percent), yet in many, many countries, at least half of the most popular websites are managed by American firms.  In France and India, the figure is eight of the ten most popular websites.  In Brazil, it is six of ten.  In Nigeria, it is five of ten.  Website statistics like these do not tell the whole story, of course, but they are corroborated by other evidence.  One estimate suggests that only 13% of Facebook’s users are in the U.S. If you want evidence of how isolationist policies can harm internet firms, ask yourself how many Chinese apps are running on phones outside of China.  China is a huge country with a massive tech sector, yet so far its global reach is largely limited to hardware (much of which is made on behalf of foreign firms like Apple or Samsung).  One effect of China’s isolationist internet policies—some of which are technological and some of which are jurisdictional—is to effectively cleave China from much of the global market for internet services.  Perhaps you look at China and draw the opposite conclusion: just look at that their hardware firms, which are thriving despite strict government oversight!  Good point.  But Foxconn could never survive under Trump-style isolationism.  China’s hardware sector thrives because labor costs are low, and while China is isolationist with regard to internet content, it is decidedly not isolationist with regard to trade of manufactured goods.  (You probably don’t have a Chinese app on your phone, but your phone probably was made in China.)  So American firms that make most of their money-making hardware—firms like Tesla and Apple—also depend on easy access to a global market.   The Tech Industry’s Uneven Response Given the above, it is somewhat surprising that it took this long for the tech industry to react to Trump’s policies. Don’t get me wrong—plenty of the employees at top firms have been vocal in their opposition to Trump’s policies, but this could simply suggest that tech firms employ liberals who dislike Trump.  It was hardly industry-level recognition of the threat posed by Trump’s proposed policies.  And while some tech firms have issued statements ranging from furrowed brows to hair-on-fire outrage, others in the tech sector have not done much to distance themselves from Trump.  Elon Musk blandly tweeted that the President’s Executive Order is, like, probably not great:  The blanket entry ban on citizens from certain primarily Muslim countries is not the best way to address the country’s challenges — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) January 29, 2017 But one wonders how much of this concern is mere posturing to reassure customers in the U.S., rather than recognition of a long-term threat to the industry.  For example, Uber was caught flat footed this weekend by a #deleteUber campaign after the firm appeared to drop surge pricing in order to bypass the taxi boycott at JFK—a campaign that quickly vaulted Lyft to the top of the most-downloaded apps list this weekend.  Uber, scrambling, pledged to do nice things for immigrants—the behavior of a firm that listens to its customers, but does not see the immigration ban as bad for the firm independent of public outrage. Perhaps the industry’s response has so far been tamer than it might otherwise be because the stock market rally has people feeling pretty good. Or perhaps tech leaders are looking hard for silver linings.  Let’s consider the possible silver linings for the tech sector of a Trump presidency. It is true, in theory, that not all of the Trump administration’s stances are bad for the entire sector. For example, if the Trump administration makes good on its pledge to invest in infrastructure, this could spur innovation in certain fields—such as robotics and autonomous vehicles.  But to hold onto the hope that this infrastructure plan (if it can even be called a plan) will (a) become a reality and (b) be such a boon for the industry that it merits ignoring the costs outlined above—that is really to grasp at straws. Perhaps, then, some Silicon Valley leaders are thinking that Trump, whatever the merits of his policies, will radically change the status quo, and that will create opportunities to innovate or, in Valley lingo, to “disrupt.”  And hey: disruption is good!  One problem with this view is that it is far from clear that disruption is in fact good for the tech sector as a whole, and it is especially not clear that disruption is good for the more established firms like Microsoft, Google, and Apple—that is to say, the firms that are established enough to have gone public and now be a part of your retirement portfolio.  The only people that I can imagine would take such a view about widespread disruption are those poised to take advantage of it.  That is to say, the nimble and capital-rich—folks like billionaire Trump advisor Peter Thiel.  As Thiel told Maureen Dowd: “Everyone says Trump is going to change everything way too much …Well, maybe Trump is going to change everything way too little. That seems like the much more plausible risk to me.” That statement has not aged well. The bigger problem with the disruption-brings-opportunity thesis is that it seemingly justifies anything – including self-destruction. Here, the target of the disruption is the very mechanism by which we ensure that the United States is able to attract talent, disseminate its technology, and engage in cross-border collaboration and innovation. It would be perverse to welcome the decimation of U.S. norms of inclusiveness and connectedness as a form of innovation. Indeed, of all the areas where the U.S. actually needs to innovate, one would think that the last place is its norms of inclusiveness and connectedness.  We can imagine innovators coming up with creative ways to narrow the delta between our current practices and our strongest principles in a number of areas – such as in our elections, our classrooms, and our healthcare system, to name just a few.  But to revisit the very principles themselves—principles that created an environment where refugees like Sergey Brin could find asylum, an education, and the capital to create the world’s most innovative technology firms?  I can’t think of a better way to drain the Valley. Topics:  Donald Trump Tags:  Annals of the Trump Administration Andrew Keane Woods is a Visiting Professor at the University of Texas School of Law, a Cybersecurity Fellow at the Robert Strauss Center, and an Assistant Professor at the University of Kentucky College of Law. In his previous position, he was a postdoctoral cybersecurity fellow at Stanford University. He holds a J.D. from Harvard Law School and a Ph.D. in Politics from the University of Cambridge, where he was a Gates Scholar. @andrewkwoods More Articles Published by the Lawfare Institute in Cooperation With Related Articles Thoughts on a Strange Day—and a Very Strange Presidential Tweet Benjamin Wittes Fri, Feb 10, 2017, 9:35 PM The Ninth Circuit on the Refugee EO: The Government’s Least Bad Option Peter Margulies Fri, Feb 10, 2017, 4:14 PM Congress's Role in the Debate over Trump's Executive Order Jessica Brandt Fri, Feb 10, 2017, 12:42 PM How the Ninth Circuit Did It: Due Process Sinkhole Swallows Trump’s Executive Order Whole Jane Chong Fri, Feb 10, 2017, 12:21 PM Summary: Trump Issues Three Executive Orders on Crime and Law Enforcement Rick Houghton Fri, Feb 10, 2017, 11:31 AM Support Lawfare Explore View all Topics Asia Pacific Book Reviews Brief Reviews Civil Liberties and Constitutional Rights Covert Action Targeted Killing Bits and Bytes Cybersecurity Drones International Governance Detention & Guantanamo Interrogation Foreign Policy Essay Homeland Security International Law ISIS Terrorism Trials & Investigations FISA Surveillance AUMF Al Qaeda War Powers Military Commissions The Meaning of Lawfare Iran Middle East Ticker Middle East and North Africa Media Criticism Podcasts Rational Security Steptoe Cyberlaw Podcast Russia and Eastern Europe Secrecy & Leaks Appointments, Confirmations & Budgets Politics & National Security Readings Hard National Security Choices About Lawfare Masthead Comments Policy Job Board Upcoming Events Subscribe Support Lawfare Published by the Lawfare Institute in Cooperation With © 2017 The Lawfare Institute
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Victor Anderson, dancer and educator, dies Daly City man caught on camera fleeing homicide scene arrested White House considers rewriting Trump’s travel ban Road crew employee killed on Highway 17 was working with son News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA More whales strand in New Zealand, bringing total to 650 Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass She was killed after trusting Pennsylvania's system Auto body program offers hope for return to old jobs Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Warriors’ Andre Iguodala a driving force on star-studded team Raiders give Jack Del Rio 4-year contract Draymond Green makes NBA history as Warriors rout Memphis No. 20 St. Mary’s withstands scare from Portland Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Tesla readies Fremont factory for Model 3 production Cosmetology schools sue Betsy DeVos over Obama-era rules Tesla employee’s protest is a clash between Silicon Valley, Twitter’s reach doesn’t translate to revenue A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Battle of Bands, and IPAs, at SF Beer Week The latest from Dear Abby Everything is still cool with ‘The Lego Batman Movie’ Balboa Theatre revives nostalgic Saturday matinees Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Equator Coffee headed to Fort Mason San Francisco restaurants where you can still get a Valentine's Iza Ramen’s new SoMa outpost opens Friday Chef Teague Moriarty takes over as sole owner of Sons & Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Interim chief gets permanent post with California Coastal Damage to Oroville Dam spillway worsens — could cost $100 Tiburon bayfront home a homage to Japanese architecture Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: Hotel Sutter, Sutter Creek Drinking in history at Amador County taverns Insider: Berkeley transplant puts down roots in Sutter Creek Ethical destinations: How to have a good trip Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Normandy style splendor in Pacific Heights: $8.25M Cupertino Spanish Mediterranean warms and welcomes Unique 10,000-square-foot Hillsborough Georgian built in 1896 A deal? 40 acres (and a house) for $1.295 million in Carmel Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car U.S. News names the 'Best Cars for the Money' in 2017 Porsche’s entry level SUV ideally done Almost 67,000 polluting VW and Audi diesels returned so far A high-performance luxury Bentley SUV Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Avoid an interview disaster Is your birth order influencing your career? Are you prepared for a panel interview? 5 ways to handle an unexpected career change Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Hasbro-loves-Disney-Intel-helps-Gaga-Tile-aids-10912340.php Hasbro loves Disney; Intel helps Gaga; Tile aids Falcons fans Chronicle Staff and News Services Updated 4:19 pm, Monday, February 6, 2017 Photo: Disney, TNS Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 My First Disney Princess Frozen Snow Glow Elsa Singing Doll ($49.99, amazon.com) (Disney) My First Disney Princess Frozen Snow Glow Elsa Singing Doll ($49.99, amazon.com) (Disney) Photo: Disney, TNS Hasbro loves Disney; Intel helps Gaga; Tile aids Falcons fans 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Number of the day 14 percent That’s how much Hasbro’s stock went up Monday, as some Disney princesses made its investors feel like kings. The stock hit an all-time high when Hasbro posted record annual revenue and breezed past Wall Street expectations, thanks largely to having sales in the girls category jump more than 50 percent last year. Hasbro wrested the rights from Mattel for Disney’s Princess and “Frozen” dolls in late 2014, and the company started producing and shipping the Disney lines last year. Intel drones went Gaga When Lady Gaga sang “God Bless America” during the Super Bowl halftime show, she had Intel outside. USA Today reported that Intel drones provided the prerecorded background — 300 Shooting Star drones showing the flag (and eventually the Pepsi logo). There were too many variables, such as weather, to do it live, but the company did a lot of testing in Houston before filming the display in one night, the newspaper reported. Is this the Super Troll? San Mateo’s Tile Inc. knows that fans of the Atlanta Falcons suffered a big loss, so it’s offering them a hand — and maybe a bit of a troll job. It will donate 51,000 Tiles to fans at various Atlanta locations Feb. 24, giving them a chance to use its devices, which you attach to keys, wallets or whatever else to make sure that nothing is lost. Except, maybe, your will to live. Daily Briefing is compiled from San Francisco Chronicle staff and news services. See more items and links at www.sfgate.com. Twitter: @techbriefing Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. MASSIVE STORM DAMAGE Road crew employee killed on Hwy. 17 was working with son Damage to Oroville Dam spillway grows, could cost $100 million Mudslide closes I-80 near Truckee in both directions Falling debris shuts down Hwy. 17 again 3 rescued from flood waters near Truckee River Russian River is above flood stage and still rising LATEST NEWS Report: Russia could send Snowden to US as 'gift' to Trump Report: US officials confirm elements of Russia dossier on Trump Man caught on camera fleeing homicide scene arrested Draymond Green makes franchise history in Warriors rout Ex-Calif. inmate finally has sex-reassignment surgery Up to 7 vehicles involved in collision on 101 in SF Sketch released in Union City Girl Scout cookie stand robbery Office of Obama offers internships Poll: 51% of Trump voters say Bowling Green justifies travel ban White House considers rewriting Trump’s travel ban Trump travel ban kills surgeon's lifesaving trip to Iran Feds conduct sweeping immigration raids in at least 6 states Betsy DeVos asked question on Twitter. Here's what happened. Cosmetology schools sue DeVos over Obama-era rules Whole Foods closing 9 stores, 1 in Northern California Payless could close 1,000 stores Can someone gentrify the neighborhood where they grew up? Retail center promises change for neighborhood TODAY'S TOP PICKS 100-year-old woman evicted from SF home Christine Baranski offers to play Betsy DeVos on 'SNL' Despised man gets a scathing obituary SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Save $185 to outfit your bed with this luxurious 20-piece... 62% OFF: This sleek French press coffee maker will make the... Most Popular 1 Is California overdue for biblical, catastrophic flooding?... 2 Public Policy Polling: 51 percent of Trump voters say Bowling... 3 Whole Foods closing 9 stores; 1 in Northern California 4 Betsy DeVos asked a question on Twitter. Here's what happened. 5 100-year-old woman evicted from SF home 6 Draymond Green makes NBA history as Warriors rout Memphis 7 Road crew employee killed on Highway 17 was working with son 8 Damage to Oroville Dam spillway worsens — could cost $100... 9 Gaping hole in Oroville Dam spillway is growing, officials warn 10 Mudslide closes I-80 near Truckee in both directions THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
PC Gamer News Reviews Hardware Pro Best Of More Magazine Meet the team Newsletter Signup Community Guidelines Affiliate Links About PC Gamer Search Popular Valve News Overwatch Call of Duty Hardware Guides Games of 2017 PC Gamer Weekender Intel patent shows a hybrid 2-in-1 with a detachable curved display By Paul Lilly Let's hope it's cheaper than Acer's Predator 21 X. Shares Microsoft's message to its hardware partners is clear—come up with "cool" designs and build more gaming PCs in 2017. Well, if it's innovation Microsoft wants, Intel may be the one to oblige with a laptop sporting a detachable curved screen display. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) granted Intel its requested patent for such a device, as was discovered by The Leaker. There are several diagrams visible in the patent application that show the laptop from multiple angles. Each one highlights the curved aspect of the 2-in-1 device, both the display portion and the base of the chassis. This is not the first time we've seen a laptop with a curved panel. Acer used one on its Predator 21 X that it showed off at CES earlier this year. However, that beastly configuration rings up at a dollar shy of $9,000. It's also big, presumably heavy, and doesn't allow for the screen to detach. It is a bit of an odd design. One angle seems to indicate that the keyboard is curved, though another diagram shows it with straight edges. It's not clear if perhaps the keyboard might bow so that only the edges make contact with the surface. That doesn't make a lot of sense to us though. To our knowledge, there are not any curved tablets out there, so that would be another first here (when detaching the display). We're not sure what the upshot would be—perhaps a curved display would rest easier on a lap?—but apparently Intel has something in mind. The patent also suggests that Intel is thinking about building its own hardware. If that is the case, it will be interesting to see if Intel goes the gaming route with discrete GPUs or highlights its own integrated graphics. Topics Hardware News laptops notebooks intel We recommendBy Zergnet Load Comments Recommended PC Gamer stage line-up announced for the PC Gamer Weekender Total War: Warhammer is $12 as part of the Humble Monthly bundle Hardware Buying Guides Latest Game Reviews 1 Best gaming mouse pad 2 The best NVMe SSD 3 The best uninterruptible power supply (UPS) 4 The best PC gaming processor 5 The best controller for PC gaming 1 Diluvion review 2 Intel Core i3-7350K Review 3 Intel Core i5-7600K Review 4 GoNNER review 5 Intel Core i7-7700K Review PC Gamer Newsletter Subscribe to get the best content of the week, and great gaming deals, as picked by the editors. No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. PC Gamer is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future US, Inc. One Lombard Street, Suite 200, San Francisco California 94111.
About Us Contribute Community Contributions Contact Home News Entertainment & Events Movies & TV Food & Beverage Dining Drinking Music & Arts Lifestyle Home News Entertainment & Events Movies & TV Food & Beverage Dining Drinking Music & Arts Lifestyle Entertainment & Events Top 10 Commericals from Super Bowl LI By Hanna Van Der Linde | February 6, 2017 Share Tweet Share Share 0 comments Yesterday’s Super Bowl was tense to say the least. Besides the Patriots winning in a stunning comeback victory and Lady Gaga’s epic half-time performance, many people tuned into the football game of the season for nothing but the commercials.   With close to 100 million viewers, advertisers want to make a serious impression on the Super Bowl audience, whether it turns out for the best or worst. We have gathered the top 10 commercials of Super Bowl LI. Intel Commercial featuring Tom Brady Considering Tom Brady pulled off the comeback of the century and received his fifth title yesterday, he deserves endless praise. His performance in the Intel commercial, moreover, showed off his talented acting capabilities. In the commercial, the extremely good looking athlete completed routinely activities – like brushing his teeth – and Intel made these trivial experiences look epic. Bai’s Beverage Commercial Christopher Walken and Justin Timberlake starred in the advertisement for Bai . The commercial began somewhat uncomfortably, with Walken reciting what turns out to be NSYNC lyrics, it finishes hilariously in awkward silence as both stars look into the camera. It’s sure to be a crowd pleaser because anyone can appreciate Timberlake’s “bye, bye, bye” throwback and a clever pun. Honda CRV Ad The All-New Honda CRV commercial featured celebrities like Tina Fey, Amy Adams, Missy Elliott and Steve Carrell in pictures from their high school yearbooks. The moral of the commercial was to “chase your dreams,” even if it meant playing the clarinet in a colonial-looking suit (we appreciate you, Jimmy Kimmel). Sexy Mr. Clean Mr. Clean, the animated “Cleaner of Your Dreams” commercial was unexpected to say the least. Mr. Clean might as well have been named “Mr. Dirty” with his provocative cleaning moves in this commercial. But audiences seem to have no complaints. This humorous commercial offered some comedic relief during the nail biter of a game. Melissa McCarthy’s KIA Commercial Melissa McCarthy was a strong asset to the array of Super Bowl commercials this past weekend. Her charismatic personality immediately drew fans in, so watching her be the “hero” for Kia’s new Niro was one of the best parts of Super Bowl Sunday. T-Mobile featuring Snoop and Martha Stewart T-Mobile’s “Bag of Unlimited” commercial featured the stars Martha Stewart and Snoop Dog. Though Stewart seems to be talking about unlimited data, she actually is making marijuana related puns throughout the commercial. For example, she says “can of bisque,” instead of cannabis which was just one of the priceless jokes. This isn’t the first time Snoop and Stuart partnered up considering their show called “Martha and Snoops Potluck Dinner Party,” on VH1 in 2016. Bud Light Commercial This Super Bowl Commercial was witty, cute and ensured a living room full of laughter. The commercial focused on two men doing manly activities like playing sports, grilling, and drinking Bud Light. They are expressing how much they care for each other, whilst knee-deep in a bromance, and Guns N Rose’s “sweet child of mine” is playing in the background. Justin Beiber for T-Mobile Many were excited about T-Mobile’s commercial featuring the famous pop sensation, Justin Bieber. However, this commercial was down right strange. Bieber is a “celebration expert,” and claimed there are unlimited [dance] moves. On the other hand, one can appreciate Bieber’s dance moves in any circumstance. Turbo Tax’s Humpty Dumpty Turbo Tax strived to advertise taxes can be done anywhere, however, this commercial was too far-fetched for most people. Humpty Dumpty was seen doing taxes on his wall, but fell and ended up needing to go to the hospital with severe injuries. If you can’t handle vomit, I wouldn’t recommend watching this advertisement considering Humpty disgustingly vomits egg yolk. Airbnb makes a statement Last but not least, Airbnb’s advertisement was touching, especially considering the current divide in politics. With the mantras “we accept” and “we belong, it was moving and heartfelt to watch. Furthermore, Airbnb is currently offering housing for refugees in need in response to the travel ban recently ordered. If you don’t look closely, you may not even notice what company the ad is for. Simple and understated. Good job Airbnb! Related ItemscommercialsFootballSuper Bowl Hanna Van Der Linde ← Previous Story Super Bowl Sunday Crockpot Must Haves Next Story → The Bachelor: Week 6 Recap You may also like... Taylor Swift’s First and Last Concert of 2017 Super Bowl Sunday Crockpot Must Haves Best and Worst Super Bowl Commercials in 2016 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser. Follow us… Subscribe Today! Sign Up Today to Receive the Latest Content Updates and Subscriber Perks Email Address * Latest Posts Jack Johnson: Musician, Filmmaker, and Environment Activist 10 Feb 2017 Jack Johnson’s singing voice is recognizably angelic, but he is also saintly considering his passion for saving the […] Wine Pairing and a Romantic Valentine’s Day Dinner at Twenty/20 10 Feb 2017 Turning dinner into a special Valentine’s Day meal is best done with the right glass of wine. At […] This Weekend in San Diego: Opt for an Outside Adventure 10 Feb 2017 Trying to figure out what to do this weekend in San Diego?  San Diego is filled with adventurous […] Valentine’s Day San Diego: A Complete Guide 10 Feb 2017 As much as we try to plan ahead, life tends to get in the way. But sometimes last […] Cupid’s Undie Run San Diego 10 Feb 2017 This event is seriously one for the books, not only is it a great time, but you will get […] Other Topics action allie daugherty American Idol Balboa Park Chargers comic-con del mar Dining Downtown drama E&L TV facebook Film financial advice Fitness Gaslamp Halloween House of Blues Lady Gaga la jolla local music Movie movie review movies Music NFL North Park pacific beach recipe Recipes review San Diego San Diego Chargers san diego concerts san diego dining San Diego events San Diego Food Finds san diego music San Diego Padres San Diego Weather san diego zoo Theater UCSD video Winning In Life Radio About Us Contribute Community Contributions Contact Your Source for Everything San Diego Copyright © 2015 SDEntertainer. Login Username Password Social Media Auto Publish Powered By : XYZScripts.com
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Shares of AMD Soared Today A bullish Barron's article argues that this time is different. Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Feb 6, 2017 at 3:46PM What happened Shares of Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD) jumped on Monday in an apparent reaction to a bullish article that appeared on Barron's over the weekend. At 2:30 p.m. EST, the stock was up about 10.5%. So what The Barron's article argues that shares of AMD, which quadrupled last year, could double this year as the company launches new GPUs and CPUs that aim to challenge both NVIDIA and Intel. Ryzen, AMD's upcoming CPU, is set for an early March launch, while Vega, its high-end GPU, will be out sometime during the second quarter. The article argues that AMD is now a more focused and streamlined company under CEO Lisa Su, one that won't repeat past mistakes. AMD was a major force in the PC CPU market in 2006, but its market share has collapsed since then following a series of missteps. Intel has been able to run away with the high end of the market as a result. Image source: AMD. On the GPU side, NVIDIA has spent the past few years consolidating its lead. AMD has shown some progress with Polaris, its mainstream line of graphics cards launched last year, but the real test will be the high-end Vega. But its competitor owns the high end, and it won't take kindly to AMD's attempted intrusions. NVIDIA has found great success selling its GPUs into enterprise markets as accelerator cards, and the article argues that this presents an opportunity for AMD as well. Late last year, Alphabet's Google announced that it was installing AMD's GPUs into its cloud platform along with its competitor's, a big cloud win that AMD now needs to repeat with the other major cloud computing vendors. The article ends in an optimistic tone: "Supplying a brand-new market like cloud computing, where the rules are still being written, gives AMD an opportunity that lies well beyond being a second banana to Intel and Nvidia. It could even make AMD a much more strategic company with an importance all its own." Now what AMD still posted a loss in 2016, and its revenue is well below peak levels. Ryzen and Vega will need to do well in order to justify the current stock price, let alone another 100% increase. In the absolute best-case scenario, where both Ryzen and Vega are smash hits and AMD makes up some serious ground in the data center, a doubling of the stock price could make sense. But that seems like a long shot to me, especially given AMD's long history of disappointing investors.  Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Timothy Green has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends GOOG, GOOGL, and NVDA. The Motley Fool recommends INTC. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Tim writes about technology and consumer goods stocks for The Motley Fool. He's a value investor at heart, doing his best to avoid hyped-up nonsense. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @TMFBargainBin Article Info Feb 6, 2017 at 3:46PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Advanced Micro Devices NASDAQ:AMD $13.58 up $0.16 (1.19%) Read More 4 Key Quotes From AMD CEO Lisa Su Ignore Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.: Here Are 2 Better Stocks 1 Problem With NVIDIA's Gaming Growth Story 5 Reasons Advanced Micro Devices Inc. Stock Could Rise in 2017 The Best Video Game Stocks of 2016 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Why Shares of AMD Soared Today @themotleyfool #stocks $AMD
Digital Trends Home > Computing > Lenovo's ThinkPad P-Series mobile… Lenovo's ThinkPad P-Series mobile workstations pack Ultra HD, Quadro options By Kevin Parrish — February 6, 2017 11:30 AM Subscribe Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Why it matters to you Lenovo's new ThinkPad mobile workstations pack lots of power for on-the-go professionals, but could cost a hefty price for higher configurations. During the Solidworks World 2017 conference focusing on 3D CAD applications, Lenovo introduced three new mobile workstations sporting the latest processor from Intel for professionals. They fall under the company’s ThinkPad P-series family of devices packed with optional Nvidia Quadro graphics, Thunderbolt 3 connectivity, and Ultra HD resolutions. Lenovo ThinkPad P71 Mobile Workstation Pictured above, this is the meatiest model of the trio and officially deemed as virtual reality ready. That is because customers have the option of choosing Nvidia’s Pascal-based Quadro P5000M discrete graphics chip for mobile workstations. It consists of 2,048 CUDA cores clocked at 1,513MHz, and a 256-bit memory interface supporting 16GB of dedicated GDDR5 memory. Other notable features in Lenovo’s new workstation include support for up to 64GB of system memory and four internal storage options consisting of two hard drive connections and two PCIe SSD slots. There are plenty of ports for connecting VR headgear too such as four USB 3.0 ports, an HDMI port, and loads more. Customers not wanting Windows installed on this system have options for Ubuntu Linux and Red Hat Enterprise Linux as well. More: Lenovo reveals new clamshell, convertible laptops aimed at students and schools “Content creators working with demanding VR workflows require the most robust and reliable performance possible,” says Bob Pette, vice president, Professional Visualization, Nvidia. “Lenovo’s VR-ready ThinkPad P71 with Quadro Pascal-based GPUs for mobile workstations provides the performance, features and memory required for creating the most compelling VR experiences anywhere.” Here are the specs: Operating system: Windows 10 Pro 64-bit Windows 10 Home Premium 64-bit Windows 10 Home Premium Single Language 64-bit Windows 10 Home Chinese Language Edition 64-bit Ubuntu Linux Red Hat Enterprise Linux Screen size: 17 inches Screen type: IPS Resolution: 1,920 x 1,080 at 300 nits 3,840 x 2,160 at 300 nits Processor: Intel Xeon E3-v6 CPU family Intel seventh-generation Core CPU family Graphics: Up to Nvidia’s Quadro P5000M discrete GPU Memory: 4x slots Up to 64GB DDR4 at 2,400MHz Storage: 1x DVD-RW optical drive (up to 1TB HDD with Bay Adapter) 2x HDD slots up to 1TB each 2x PCIe SSD slots up to 1TB each Connectivity: Intel Wireless AC + Bluetooth 4.1 vPro Intel Wireless AC + Bluetooth 4.1 4G LTE-A Ports: 1x SD card reader 4x USB 3.0 (one charges) 1x HDMI 1.4 1x Mini DisplayPort 1.2 2x Thunderbolt 3 1x Gigabit Ethernet 1x Docking connector 1x Microphone / headphone jack 1x Smart Card reader 1x ExpressCard slot Battery: 96 Watt-hour (8-cell) Keyboard: Numeric keypad included Backlit in most regions Size: 16.4 x 10.8 x 1.17 to 1.2 inches Weight: Starting at 7.6 pounds Starting price: $1,849 Availability: April 2017 Next Page 1 of 3 Lenovo ThinkPad P71 Mobile Workstation Lenovo ThinkPad P51 Mobile Workstation Lenovo ThinkPad P51s Mobile Workstation
Photo News News Photo News New on the Site News Archive Topics Full Article Index Camera Deals Firmware Updates Interviews Our Favorite Photographers History of Photography Camera Reviews Cameras Camera Reviews Compare Images Compare Cameras Best Cameras Types Compact Cameras DSLR Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Full-Frame Cameras Waterproof Cameras Brands Canon Fuji Nikon Olympus Panasonic Pentax Samsung Sony All Brands Lens Reviews Formats Canon EF Canon EF-S Fuji X Micro Four Thirds Nikon 1 Nikon DX Nikon FX Pentax K Sony A Sony FE Sony E Brand All Lens Reviews Canon Lenses Fuji Lenses Nikon Lenses Olympus Lenses Panasonic Lenses Pentax Lenses Sigma Lenses Sony Lenses Tamron Lenses Type Macro Mid-range Prime Telephoto Wide Zoom Lenses 101: What to know Printer Reviews More Accessories Camera Accessories Printers Scanners Software Community Newsletter Contests Photo of the Day Previous Story Samyang/Rokinon expands their cinematic lens lineup: Xeen 20mm T/1.9 announced Back To News Next Story Sony A6500 Field Test Part II: An evening shoot in Gatlinburg plus videos aplenty Intel’s smart drones take to the skies above Houston for Super Bowl LI halftime show drones intel intel drones intel shooting stars news smart drones super bowl super bowl halftime show super bowl li by Jeremy Gray posted Monday, February 6, 2017 at 1:59 PM EST     As a New England native and lifelong Patriots fan, Super Bowl LI was an insane game and very much a tale of two halves. While the Patriots were looking to be well on their way to an embarrassing, deflating defeat at the hands of the Atlanta Falcons, the Pepsi Zero Sugar Halftime Show was a distracting spectacle. In particular, the fleet of drones was very interesting. Unsurprisingly, the quadcopters featured at halftime are special drones. The Intel Shooting Star drone system created a 300-drone American flag in the night sky over Houston during the halftime show, which you can see in full here. “Each drone is about a foot long square, weighs just over eight ounces, and sports a plastic and foam body to soften inadvertent impacts.” The drones have onboard LEDs which can create up to four billion color combinations. How do they fly in formation? Lots of programming and preparation. The drones communicate wirelessly with a central computer and if a drone fails, perhaps due to a battery failure or losing GPS signal, a reserve drone flies in and takes its spot in mere seconds. It isn’t just the programming that requires extensive planning; it isn’t a matter of packing up 300 drones and launching them as you see fit over a football stadium. There are many rules and regulations in place, such as no drone flying within 34.5 miles of NRG Stadium, the site of Super Bowl LI, during the big game. What did Intel do to deal with the red tape? They filmed that portion of the halftime show earlier in the week.   Image credit: Intel Intel’s Anil Naduri, who oversees the company’s drones, hopes that the incredible technology might have more socially-impactful uses in the future. The drones could be used to save lives, such as when searching for lost hikers or trying to find people following a landslide where conditions which can be very dangerous for people on the ground. It’s difficult to predict when the Shooting Star drones might turn their attention away from entertainment and toward humanitarian work, but the potential is there and Intel is serious about it. In any case, for football fans and causal viewers alike, Super Bowl LI was one for the ages and Lady Gaga’s halftime show – and Intel’s drones – played a role in that. (Seen via Fstoppers) Tweet Comment Previous Story Samyang/Rokinon expands their cinematic lens lineup: Xeen 20mm T/1.9 announced Back To News Next Story Sony A6500 Field Test Part II: An evening shoot in Gatlinburg plus videos aplenty Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Camera Reviews Compact Cameras Mirrorless Cameras DSLR Cameras Canon Cameras Nikon Cameras All Brands Compare Cameras Compare Images Photo News Photo of the Day Lens Reviews Printer Reviews Best Cameras About Us Contact Us Advertising Usage Policy Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Google+ Imaging Resource © 1998 - 2017. Material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted or otherwise used without the prior written consent of The Imaging Resource.
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Lenovo launches a new VR-ready ThinkPad workstation, along with two other new workstations 1 by Sean Chan Feb 6, 2017 at 19:59 GMT5 days ago Lenovo today announced three new workstations for its P series at SOLIDWORKS World 2017. The company is introducing the new Lenovo ThinkPad P51s, the P51, and the P71 at the event. The P51s is a workstation with a Ultrabook build thanks to its lightweight design — the device features a 4K UHD IPS display, comes with Intel’s latest 7th gen processors, and it also sports Nvidia’s Quadro GPU. Lenovo is also going to sell an optional IR camera with the device, and it also sports Thunderbolt 3. Moving on to Lenovo’s ThinkPad P71, you will be glad to know that it’s actually a VR-ready workstation, which means you can enjoy virtual reality experiences on the device by connecting a virtual reality headset. The device comes with Nvidia’s Pascal-based Quadro GPUs which makes it powerful enough to be able to power virtual reality headsets. It isn’t clear which processor the P71 comes with, but it likely includes Intel’s 7th gen processors. Bob Pette, the Vice President of Professional Visualization at Nvidia stated: “Content creators working with demanding VR workflows require the most robust and reliable performance possible. Lenovo’s VR-ready ThinkPad P71 with Quadro Pascal-based GPUs for mobile workstations provides the performance, features and memory required for creating the most compelling VR experiences anywhere.” In addition to the ThinkPad P71, the company is also introducing the P51. The P51 comes with a 4K IPS display that has a 100% color gamut. Both the P71 and P51 also comes with Intel’s latest Xeon processors, 2400MHz DD4 memory, and they are MIL-SPEC certified. Lenovo announced that the ThinkPad P51s will be available in March, starting at $1,049. The ThinkPad P51 and P71 will be available in April, starting at $1,399 and $1,849, respectively. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Source lenovo Related lenovo Lenovo Thinkpad Lenovo ThinkPad P Series ThinkPad P virtual reality VR Ready Workstation workstations Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Microsoft releases Windows 10 Mobile Build 15031 to Insiders on the Fast Ring by Michael Allison 0 Trending Another screenshot of Windows 10’s upcoming design changes coming with Project NEON leaked by Mehedi Hassan 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 34: The final Creators Update features trickle in by Andrew Bennett on February 11, 2017 The Windows 10 Creators Update is feature complete, and the final tweaks and features are arriving. The Windows Developer Day event shed some light on some of these, and also gave another gl... Subscribe Now Windows 10 MSPoweruser Podcast 34: The final Creators Update features trickle in by Andrew Bennett on February 11, 2017 The Windows 10 Creators Update is feature complete, and the final tweaks and features are arriving. The Windows Developer Day event shed some light on some of these, and also gave another gl... Microsoft releases UWP Community Toolkit 1.3, with new OneDrive and Surface Dial... by Surur The UWP Community Toolkit is a collection of helper functions, custom controls, and app services that can be used to build UWP apps for any Windows 10 device, including PC, Mobile, Xbox, IoT... Microsoft is bringing Windows Hello to Active Directory-only environments with C... by Pradeep Until now, only customers with Azure Active Directory and hybrid environments with Azure Active Directory Connect were able to use Windows Hello authentication solution in Windows 10. With W... Microsoft announces new improvements to Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protect... by Pradeep Last year, Microsoft announced a new service called Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection that helps enterprises detect, investigate, and respond to advanced attacks on their networks.... Microsoft’s Surface devices now part of the NSA’s CSfC list, gets ne... by Sean Chan Microsoft has been focusing quite a lot on security for its products in the past couple of years. Today, the company is announcing a new tool for its Surface products that will make these de... Deals Deals Deal Alert: 1 TB Xbox One S with free controller and Halo Wars 2 only £259 The Microsoft Store is offering a range of deals on the Xbox One S, offering as much as £40 off plus a free controller which usually costs £50. The the best deal is for the 1TB Halo Wars 2... Deal: Save up to $250 on select Surface Book models from Microsoft Store Microsoft Store is now offering up to $250 discount on select Surface Book devices. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for $1299. Also, Surface ... Deal: Save $524 on the original Surface Book with Core i7 and 512GB SSD Amazon US is now offering a huge discount on the original Surface Book device. You can now get a discount of $524 on the Surface Book with Intel Core i7/16GB RAM/512GB/NVIDIA graphics. Find ... Deal: Save up to $200 on select Surface Pro 4, plus get an NFL Type Cover worth ... Microsoft Store US is now offering a discount of $200 on select Surface Pro 4 devices in the US. You can also get an NFL Type cover worth $159 for free along with the purchase. For example, ... Deal: Fallout 4 now available for just $19.99 Amazon is now offering Bethesda’s ‘Fallout 4’ for just $19.99. This is a great deal as the digital version of the title is still $59.99. Bethesda Game Studios, the award-wi... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 128GB storage for $799 Microsoft Store US is now offering a discount of $200 on the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device. Get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and 4GB RAM for $799. It comes with S... Hyperkin introduces new Xbox One retro style gamepad Hyperkin, the company behind retro-gaming gadgets like the Retron 5, Supaboy, and the Smartboy, has just introduced a new Xbox One controller for those gamers who still enjoy the old style g... Deal: Save Rs. 15,000 on Xbox One 1TB Console 3 Games Holiday Bundle Amazon India is selling the Xbox One 1TB Console 3 Games Holiday Bundle for 38% off until January 29. The bundle, which normally retails for Rs. 39,990, is going for Rs. 24,990, saving buyer... Deal: Get a free Sennheiser Momentum 2 Wireless ($399 value) with select Surface... Microsoft Rewards Members can now get a free pair of Sennheiser Momentum 2 Wireless headphones ($399 value) with select Surface devices from Microsoft Store. Crank up the volume and tune out... Deal: Get 15% off select Surface Book devices in Australia Microsoft Store is now offering up to 15% discount on select Surface Book devices in Australia. Find the updated price list below. Surface Book – 256GB / Core Intel i7 – 8GB / dG... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Top News / U.S. News Apple, Facebook, Microsoft among 97 companies fighting Trump legally on travel ban By Allen Cone   |   Feb. 6, 2017 at 1:06 PM Follow @upi Comments | License Photo Feb. 6 (UPI) -- Ninety-seven U.S. companies, including Apple, Facebook, Intel, Microsoft, Netflix and Twitter, filed a legal callenge to President Donald Trump's executive order on entry into the United States because it "violates the immigration laws and the Constitution." Most on the list are tech companies. Non-tech firms include include yogurt producer Chobani, snack maker Kind and fashion brand Levi Strauss, which immigrants founded. The motion, filed Sunday night with the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco, seeks permission to file an amicus, or "friend of the court," brief. The appeals court is considering an appeal by the U.S. government after a federal judge in Seattle on late Friday issued a temporary restraining order halting the entry ban. On Sunday morning, the appeals court denied the U.S. government's emergency request to immediately resume the travel ban. The executive order bars citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States for 90 days and all refugees for 120 days, and indefinitely halts refugees from Syria. Earlier, Amazon and Expedia joined the Washington attorney general's lawsuit, arguing the order will hurt their employees and businesses. Because Amazon is part of the original suit, a company spokesperson said that Washington state's attorney general preferred that it not join the other suit. The tech firms' legal challenge says the ban is "a sudden shift in the rules governing entry into the United States and is inflicting substantial harm on U.S. companies." "Immigrants make many of the nation's greatest discoveries, and create some of the country's most innovative and iconic companies," the brief says. "At the same time, America has long recognized the importance of protecting ourselves against those who would do us harm but it has done so while maintaining the fundamental commitment to welcoming immigrants -- through increased background checks and other controls on people seeking to enter our country." Uber is part of the challenge and its CEO, Travis Kalanick, on Thursday dropped out of Trump's business advisory council, citing the executive order. Tesla did not join the other companies and CEO Elon Musk, who also runs SpaceX, remains part of the advisory council, saying he wants to deal directly with Trump on immigration issues. The original 19-member Strategic and Policy Forum will "meet with the president frequently," according to an announcement by the transition team in December. "America has the most innovative and vibrant companies in the world, and the pioneering CEOs joining this forum today are at the top of their fields," Trump said in a statement at the time. Like us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories Moscow rejects Trump's charge that Iran is 'No. 1 terrorist state' Iran allows U.S. wrestling team to compete in tournament Thousands march in London to protest Donald Trump's state visit Comments Topics: Donald Trump, Elon Musk Trending 2017 SAG Awards: On the red carpet Trending UPI Pulitzer Prizes: The stories behind the pictures and words Latest Headlines Federal Reserve banking regulator Tarullo to retire in April 9 hours ago ago Feb. 10 (UPI) -- A top Federal Reserve banking regulator said Friday he will retire in April -- opening a vacancy for President Trump to shape the regulations for Wall Street. Trump travel ban facing defeat in Virginia; White House may start over instead 11 hours ago ago Feb. 10 (UPI) -- President Trump's controversial ban on U.S. travel for immigrants and refugees may be in for another legal defeat -- and perhaps a replacement order. Trump, Abe say defense, trade vital in developing U.S.-Japan alliance 13 hours ago ago Feb. 10 (UPI) -- President Trump welcomed Japan's prime minister to the White House on Friday, where the leaders pledged to develop mutually beneficial diplomatic relations. Mississippi House passes bill for executions by gas chamber, firing squad 14 hours ago ago Feb. 10 (UPI) -- Lawmakers in the Mississippi House passed a bill that could reintroduce the gas chamber, firing squad or electric chair to execute prisoners. Officials prepare emergency plan for Oroville Dam spillway with gaping hole 16 hours ago ago Feb. 10 (UPI) -- WATCH: Oroville Dam's heavily damaged spillway is the target of a never-used emergency plan to release millions of cubic feet of water building up behind the dam after torrential rains. UPI Latest Trending Stories Mexican security helicopter guns down drug cartel members Analyst: North Korea executed, purged thousands after Jang Song Thaek killed N.C. trucker dies after fall off Chesapeake Bay Bridge-Tunnel Officials prepare emergency plan for Oroville Dam spillway with gaping hole Watch live: Donald Trump, Shinzo Abe press conference PHOTOS 2017 SAG Awards: On the red carpet Best of the Inaugural balls Protest signs at anti-Trump demonstrations Lunar New Year celebrations Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
EDITION US عربي (Arabi) Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ελλάδα (Greece) India Italia 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Maghreb México Québec (En Francais) South Africa United Kingdom United States NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Sleep IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero HuffPost RYOT Good News VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents VIDEO ALL SECTIONS Arts + Culture Black Voices Books Business Candidate Confessional Celebrity College Comedy Crime Divorce Dolce Vita Eat the Press Education Election Results Entertainment Fifty Good News Green Healthy Living Highline Home Horoscopes HuffPost Data HuffPost Hill Impact Latino Voices Media Newsletters Outspeak Parents Politics Pollster Queer Voices Religion Science Small Business So That Happened Sports Style Taste Tech Teen TestKitchen Travel TV Weddings Weird News Women FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost ENTERTAINMENT Wait, So Lady Gaga Didn't Actually Jump Off The Roof At The Super Bowl? She didn't do it when everyone thought she did. 02/06/2017 12:09 pm ET | Updated 4 days ago 3.6k Cavan Sieczkowski Deputy Director, News & Analytics Lady Gaga’s roof jump at the Super Bowl was one of the most surprising moments of her halftime show, but apparently there was some Hollywood magic involved. On Sunday night, after singing verses from “God Bless America” and “This Land Is Your Land” surrounded by drones, Gaga appeared to jump off the roof of Houston’s NRG Stadium from hundreds of feet in the air, suspended by only a few cables with a microphone in hand.  Fox/NFL While the live broadcast made it look to people watching on TVs across the country as if Gaga had catapulted off the roof, TMZ revealed Monday that it was actually just a perfect illusion. Her jump was pre-recorded.  A video posted by Jill Knipp Faucher (@jillyknipp) on Feb 5, 2017 at 5:16pm PST Intel spoke with USA Today about needing to pre-record the opening portion of the Super Bowl halftime show because of particular uncertainties, like rain or wind.  “There’s a lot of weather and environment (issues),” general manager Natalie Cheung said. “In February, you don’t know what it will be like during Super Bowl Day. We’d hate to plan all this and, if the wind speeds are too high or if it’s raining and the roof is closed, no one can see this spectacular show. So our creative team, as well as the Super Bowl creative team, felt this would be best to be filmed. Lady Gaga also was on the roof when this was filmed, and from a logistics and creative perspective, it’s a bit hard for her to go from the roof all the way down to the floor of the stadium.” Live or not, Gaga deserves some serious credit for getting up there at all.  Also on HuffPost: Super Bowl Halftime Show 2017 Super Bowl Halftime Show 2017 1 of 20 HOUSTON, TX - FEBRUARY 05: Lady Gaga performs during the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl 51 Halftime Show at NRG Stadium on February 5, 2017 in Houston, Texas. (Photo by Elsa/Getty Images) Share this slide: Elsa via Getty Images More: Arts And Entertainment Super Bowl Lady Gaga Suggest a correction 133 Comments Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT HuffPost Entertainment is your one-stop shop for celebrity news, hilarious late-night bits, industry and awards coverage and more — sent right to your inbox six days a week. Learn more Newsletter 1.11 M 136 K 468 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Wait, So Lady Gaga Didn't Actually Jump Off The Roof At The Super Bowl? NEW! HIGHLIGHT AND SHARE Highlight text to share via Facebook and Twitter CONVERSATIONS Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES USA February 11, 2017 | Last updated 3 minutes ago 24KGold-- usd---- 11Events innext 7 days   Hot Topics: UAE holidays 2017 UAE in India Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News UAE18 Courts1 Crime Education Emergencies1 Environment1 Government7 Health2 Culture1 Property Leisure1 Media Society8 Tourism Transport2 Weather More9 General top stories in UAE Petrol tanks catch fire in Sharjah Rain Enhancement Science winner files patent Emirates official carrier for WGS 2017 Gulf7 Bahrain1 Kuwait Oman3 Qatar Saudi Arabia1 Yemen2 top stories in Gulf Dry falaj returns to life after 15 years Tallest sand dune in Oman, researcher claims Saudi designer launches mobile retail truck Mena7 Algeria Djibouti Egypt Eritrea Iran2 Iraq Jordan Lebanon Libya1 Mauritania Morocco Palestine2 Somalia South Sudan Sudan Syria1 Tunisia Turkey top stories in Mena Cycling project in Beirut raises intrigue Turkey sets April 16 for constitution referendum Al Assad rejects safe zones in Syria Europe3 UK1 Germany France2 Italy Spain Netherlands Switzerland Russia Other top stories in Europe On hallowed ground Up to 150 MPs could back motion to oust Bercow Farmer fined for helping migrants Africa3 South Africa1 Nigeria Kenya Other top stories in Africa The fairy circles Brawl in parliament disrupts Zuma speech 17 dead in stampede at Angola football stadium Asia18 Afghanistan2 Australia1 India6 Pakistan2 Philippines4 Sri Lanka Bangladesh China1 Japan1 North Korea South Korea Nepal Other top stories in Asia Hindus adapt to new lifestyles in Pakistan Under siege Last baby boom Americas12 USA12 Canada1 Mexico Brazil Argentina Other top stories in Americas Rain Enhancement Science winner files patent The titanium clue... What comes next in Trump travel ban case? Offbeat2 Courts & Crime Education Life & Style News Pictures Sport 1 Business Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus 97 US firms in joint action on travel ban Kerry, Albright, ex-security officials also file legal briefs in rapid-fire challenges “Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court sysImage Credit: AFP U.S. President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump reacts as a marching bad performs while they arrive aImage Credit: Reuters‹› Published: 15:32 February 6, 2017 Agencies   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Washington: Nearly 100 companies, including Apple, Google and Microsoft, banded together on Sunday to file a legal brief opposing President Donald Trump’s temporary travel ban, arguing that it “inflicts significant harm on American business.”  The brief, filed in the US Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit, included Facebook, Twitter, Intel, eBay, Netflix and Uber, as well as non-tech companies such as Levi Strauss and Chobani. Lawyers for Washington state and Minnesota have told the federal appellate court that restoring the ban  would “unleash chaos again.” The filing  in San Francisco came after the White House said it expected the federal courts to reinstate the ban. Washington and Minnesota said their underlying lawsuit was strong and a nationwide temporary restraining order was appropriate. If the appellate court reinstated Trump’s ban the states said the “ruling would reinstitute those harms, separating families, stranding our university students and faculty, and barring travel.” “The order represents a significant departure from the principles of fairness and predictability that have governed the immigration system of the United States for more than fifty years,” the brief from 97 companies stated. “Immigrants or their children founded more than 200 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list.”  The rapid-fire legal manoeuvres by the two states were accompanied by briefs filed by John Kerry and Madeleine Albright, former secretaries of state, along with former national security officials under President Barack Obama. The government had until 3pm PST (2300 GMT) yesterday to submit additional legal briefs to the appeals court in support of Trump’s executive order.  Related Links US warns Iran against testing Trump’s resolve Trump’s attack on US judiciary indefensible Is Europe parting ways with the US? Help comes from US for Iranian hardliners Trump’s actions come under the scanner Trump’s rollercoaster promises a wild ride Following that, the court is expected to act quickly, and a decision either way may ultimately result in the case reaching the US Supreme Court. Trump immigration ban bound for supreme court President Donald Trump’s effort to bar travellers from seven mostly Muslim nations is on a track to the US Supreme Court, which may eventually decide whether the executive branch has top authority on immigration and national security. The ban affecting business travellers, students, immigrants and refugees may be re-imposed as early as Monday if an appeals court freezes a judge’s temporary restraining order blocking it while the legal fight continues over whether it’s constitutional. “Overturning the ruling would cause such anguish and confusion at the borders,” said Jayashri Srikantiah, a Stanford Law School professor who specialises in immigration. She said it’s “extremely hard to bet” as to what the appeals court will do, “but one can imagine the confusion caused by reversing the TRO is something the court is taking into consideration.” The Trump administration is asking the liberal-leaning US Court of Appeals in San Francisco to throw out the restraining order won by Washington state and Minnesota, which contend the travel ban hurts their residents and employers including Microsoft Corp., Amazon.com Inc. and the Mayo Clinic. Hawaii Attorney General Doug Chin filed a motion on Sunday to join Minnesota and Washington in the lawsuit opposing Trump’s travel ban. Minnesota and Washington met a deadline early Monday morning to file their argument against that request, while the US Justice Department has until 3pm. Monday to make its final argument. A decision could come anytime after that and the losing side may make a quick run to the Supreme Court. “Those who were abroad were blocked from returning home,” the two states said in the filing. “Husbands were separated from wives, brothers from sisters and parents from their children.” Trump has reacted with attacks on the federal judge and then the wider court system which he blames for stymieing his efforts to restrict immigration, a central promise of the Republican’s 2016 presidential campaign. Democrats, meanwhile, sought to use Trump’s attacks on the judiciary to raise questions about the independence of his Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch. Protests, Lawsuits Trump’s January 27 executive order blocked or delayed travellers, including those with visas and permanent residents with green cards, from entering the country. The detention of dozens and the return of others to their departure points set off spontaneous protests and a storm of litigation, mostly on behalf of individuals. The cases including those involving state attorneys general have led to mixed rulings, some of them blocking parts of Trump’s executive order. The case brought by Washington Attorney General Bob Ferguson and joined by Minnesota made the most sweeping arguments against the ban, citing the economic damage as well as the personal toll on residents of the state. US District Judge James Robart, in granting the restraining order on Friday, concluded the states were likely to win the case when the substance of their arguments was reviewed in more depth later when a longer-lasting order is considered. The president has discretion in matters of national security involving immigration, the Justice Department contends. In its appeal, the Justice Department said the Seattle ruling should be put on hold because it conflicts with a 1982 Supreme Court opinion stating that immigrants’ constitutional privileges must be approved by the US upon initial entry. The judge also failed to “confront” Congress’s judgement that the “president should have the unreviewable authority to suspend the admission of any class of alien,” it said. The states contend the president’s edict discriminates against immigrants and permanent US residents and violates the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. The states allege that Trump’s executive order violates the First Amendment and Fifth Amendment of the Constitution, which protect rights to religious freedom and equal protection. Supreme Court If the federal government fails to persuade the appeals court to block the order, it might petition the Supreme Court to intervene. Five of the eight justices would be needed to reverse that decision. “I think it’s unlikely this makes it to the Supreme Court,” said Kathleen Kim, a professor at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles. “I believe that if the Supreme Court wants to maintain its integrity as a majoritarian body serving as a legitimate system for checks and balances, it will not consider an appeal.” That would leave the merits of the arguments to be debated in a Seattle courtroom, with the case and perhaps others making their way to the top court for review in months or even years — especially if appeals courts issue conflicting rulings on whether it’s legal. The immigration case has already cropped up in the confirmation process for Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch, with Democrats questioning whether he would be able to check Trump’s exercise of executive power. Gorsuch, a conservative who favours originalism when interpreting the Constitution, could be the tiebreaking vote on the currently split court. Liberal Leaning Before then, the San Francisco appeals court might be hard to predict, too. The court covers most of the western US, with jurisdiction over Alaska, Arizona, California, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, Oregon and Washington, covering about 20 per cent of the US population. All but a quarter of its judges were appointed by Democratic presidents. The court’s reputation as a liberal bastion was reinforced by some of its rulings in the past year. In November, the court blocked Arizona from enforcing its ban on so-called ballot harvesting, a practice favoured by Democrats because it allows voters in remote areas to have their ballots brought to the polls by another person. In June, the court threw out an earlier ruling striking California’s strict laws on who can carry concealed weapons. Still, a three-judge panel may be reluctant to allow the temporary order to remain in effect because the law is very restrictive when it comes to allowing states to represent others, said John Banzhaf, a professor at George Washington University Law School. “The idea that one judge in one jurisdiction after a relative brief hearing shut down an entire governmental operation directed by the president is somewhat disconcerting to many people,” Banzhaf said. “It is very unusual, almost rare but not unprecedented, for a district court to issue an order covering not only the United States of America but dozens of people in foreign countries. The court may blanch at that.” More from USA Rain Enhancement Science winner files patent The titanium clue... What comes next in Trump travel ban case? Peru orders warrant for ex-president Toledo Man lost for five years walks 10,000 miles Trump welcomes Abe with warm embrace 08:49 am Trump mulls revised travel ban 08:49 am Trump to Iran president: ‘Better be careful’ 08:49 am tags from this storyDonald Trump follow this tag on MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsNewsAmericasUSA tagsDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN+ MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In USARain Enhancement Science winner files patent Framed Gallery Saturday Snapshots: Till the last hurdle crossed Tornadoes rip through Louisiana GNTV Videos PlayWatch: A look at Karama's graffiti art Watch: Highlights from the GN Fun Drive 2017 Follow us Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Trump bashes retailer for Ivanka treatment 02Trump travel ban 'lawful': US government 03US appeals court denies Trump ban request Play Watch: A look at Karama's graffiti art Jan 16, 2017 Play Watch: Inside Boutique Le Chocolat Dec 26, 2016 Play Watch: Highlights from the GN Fun Drive 2017 Jan 14, 2017 Play Dubai Police chief Al Mazeina laid to rest Nov 25, 2016 12Images Giant waves smash commuter train Feb 05, 2017 1Image Obama kiteboards in Caribbean with Branson Feb 08, 2017 10Images Pictures: Snow on Jebel Jais Feb 03, 2017 8Images Here's what happened on Dubai Car-Free Day Feb 05, 2017 USA: Weather today today-weatherNew YorkLos Angeles Miami weather-volume Celcius Fahrenheit Most Popular on Gulf News New UAE entry visa system approved Man who bought No 1 car plate goes on trial 2017 UAE holidays Meet Dubai's first female royal pilot Man tried to set himself on fire at Kaaba Newly-wed woman on bike killed in RAK Jet ski scam costs tourists Dh20,000 What excess sugar in diet does to your body UAE to adopt new entry visa system Close Recommended For You Musician charged with having gun on flightPUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Rosie O’Donnell takes on Steve Bannon on TwitterPUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Polish prime minister hurt in car crashPUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter The Download, Feb 6, 2017: Tech Dominates the Super Bowl, AI and Christianity, and a 3-D Printed Spaceship The most fascinating and important news in technology and innovation delivered straight to your inbox, every day. by Michael Reilly February 6, 2017 Three Things You Need to Know Today Recommended for You As Goldman Embraces Automation, Even the Masters of the Universe Are Threatened This Technology Could Finally Make Brain Implants Practical Watch This $100 Drone Try to Do a Bumblebee’s Job The Next Big Encryption Fight Collection of 13,500 Nastygrams Could Advance War on Trolls Recommended for You As Goldman Embraces Automation, Even the Masters of the Universe Are Threatened This Technology Could Finally Make Brain Implants Practical Watch This $100 Drone Try to Do a Bumblebee’s Job The Next Big Encryption Fight Collection of 13,500 Nastygrams Could Advance War on Trolls Tech’s Super Ads Last night’s Super Bowl was, as always, all about the commercials, and technology companies were a bigger part of the party than ever before. Google got things started with a minute-long spot that touted its voice-activated assistant, Google Home (which apparently also set off the devices in people’s houses, thanks to the ad’s repetition of “Okay, Google”). Not to be outdone, Amazon plugged its own version, the Echo, and threw in a teaser for the arrival of its drone delivery service. Airbnb got political, which is a bit ironic given its problems with racism. Hyundai and Intel, meanwhile, each went big on 360-degree video. Even IBM’s Watson (whatever it is) made an(other) appearance, as did services ranging from web hosting to robotic investment advisors. As for the business of Super Bowl advertising? It’s booming: a record $5 million for each thirty seconds of air time proved that cord-cutting isn’t harming America’s biggest night in television—at least not yet. Do you need The Download? Sign up here to get it for free in your inbox. Companies Come Out in Support of Immigration With the Trump administration’s immigration ban on hold since Friday, Tech companies have taken the opportunity to weigh in. News emerged last night that 97 companies—from Apple to Zynga, as Bloomberg put it—had filed an amicus brief in federal appeals court in support of the State of Washington’s case against Trump. Apart from quoting John F. Kennedy and arguing that ban of immigrants from seven predominantly Muslim nations violates the Constitution, the brief states that the ban “is inflicting substantial harm on U.S. companies,” mainly because it “hinders the ability of American companies to attract great talent” and “makes it more difficult for American firms to compete in the international marketplace.” You can read the brief in its entirety here. A decision on the Department of Justice’s appeal is expected sometime this week, after which the case may end up before the Supreme Court. Encryption Fight, Redux Last year’s showdown between Apple and the FBI over an encrypted iPhone fizzled without a clear resolution. Encryption in consumer services and devices is only growing, though, and our own Mike Orcutt examines how things could play out when (not if) the issue rears its head again. Among the possibilities: If the feds don’t want a repeat performance of the Apple standoff, they might instead seek to compel a messaging service like WhatsApp to help investigators read messages written by suspected criminals. Failing that, action could come from Congress or the Trump administration—last year, Donald Trump called for a boycott of Apple when it defied the feds, while an encryption working group in the House of Representatives said weakening encryption was “against the national interest.” No matter where things head next, one thing is sure: this fight is far from over. Ten Fascinating Things That swarm of 300 drones flying above Lady Gaga at the Super Bowl halftime show was pretty cool. But there are two things you should know about it: First, it was pre-recorded, mainly because of FAA restrictions. Second, Intel and Disney have been collaborating on the Shooting Stars, as they’re called, for a while now. They’ve been putting on a show at Disney World, and Intel upped the swarm to a Guinness record 500 drones during a flight over Sydney last year. The company says its system could handle a swarm of up to 10,000 at once. Boeing has announced that its next-generation crewed space capsule, the Starliner, will be built using hundreds of 3-D printed parts. In the last week, the new FCC chief Ajit Pai has quiety rolled back a slew of regulations that businesses fought for years. With policies like net neutrality on the chopping block, we examined what the Internet might look like in the near future. It’s a simple question, with profound implications: Does AI pose a threat to Christianity? So, China now leads the world in installed solar energy capacity. But don’t be fooled—the country’s solar boom has resulted in huge amounts of clean power going to waste. A vigilante hacker has executed a massive takedown of a Dark Web hosting service, apparently in retaliation for allowing child pornography sites to proliferate. France will hold its presidential election in April, and Facebook is partnering with eight French media companies to set up a system for fighting fake news. Can the federal government order tech companies to cough up records stored overseas for use in U.S. investigations? Microsoft and Google have fought big court battles over this question—Microsoft won theirs, but Google just lost. As the center of China’s plans to strengthen its military is a new reliance on the power of AI. Quote of the Day "Everybody is concerned about trade wars. If trade stops, war starts." —Alibaba CEO Jack Ma speaking over the weekend about his concerns that the Trump administration’s opposition to global trade deals could lead to more than just disputes over the exchange of goods. Become an MIT Technology Review Insider for in-depth analysis and unparalleled perspective. Subscribe today Tagged The Download Michael Reilly Senior Editor, News and Commentary I’m senior editor for news and commentary, so if there’s something in the news, I probably have something to say about it. I also created our main newsletter, The Download – you should subscribe to it. Before joining… More MIT Technology Review, I was Boston bureau chief for New Scientist. I’ve written about just about every topic in science and technology, and I have a hard time picking a favorite (though as a former geologist, I do enjoy a good volcano story). Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $15 per month. Insider Premium $179.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. From Our Advertisers In partnership with Alibaba Alibaba Targets the Global Market with Apsara Aliware Platform In partnership with Lenovo Video: 5 Data-Center Hyperconvergence Myths In partnership with Lenovo Video: Is That Data for Here or to Go? In partnership with Lenovo Video: Working in the Big Data Mine Want more award-winning journalism? Subscribe to Insider Plus. Insider Plus {! insider.prices.plus !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Everything included in Insider Basic, plus ad-free web experience, select discounts to partner offerings and MIT Technology Review events {! insider.buttons.plus.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience * {! insider.display.footerLabel !} See international prices See U.S. prices Revert to MIT Enterprise Forum pricing Revert to standard pricing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Press Room Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In World More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance World US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East New to Canada Rest of World Mad, Mad World Photos Videos ALL News » World News » US News » Tech companies challenge Trump ban in fight over vision of US as immigrant nation Shah Rukh Khan's 'Raees' won't release in Pakistan Kashmir is core dispute between India and Pakistan: PoK locals take to streets against Pakistan's Avalanche kills 13 people in Pakistan's north Envoy Abdul Basit tipped to be Pakistan's foreign Hafiz Saeed’s Jamaat-ud Dawa at it again, changes 'It's a miracle for me': 5-year-old Pakistani boy Abdul Basit to be appointed as Pakistan Foreign Days after crackdown by Pakistan, Hafiz Saeed-led India should join CPEC instead of opposing it, says Halt work on hydro projects in JK: Pak tells India China gives Pak 2 ships for CPEC sea route security How toxic water destroyed Pakistan's largest lake China says it is trying to ensure return of Chinese troops conduct drills with advanced Beijing vows 30% cut in coal use in 2017 to fight Fire in China foot massage parlour kills at least Chinese firms on US sanctions list say only Combined value of Chinese banks overtake US banks: China warns Donald Trump not to push it for talks Exile, jail, abduction: The hazardous lives of China official says US should stop using Dalai Lama US Defense Secretary James Mattis says no need for Alert for more smog in China's northern province China smog war moves to courts  Smog-hit province of Hebei says has learnt its Trump watches Super Bowl at Golf Club Pictures of the week Seattle judge blocks Trump's travel ban amid protests Obama rejects Trump immigration ban, backs protests Pet snake gets stuck in woman's earlobe Being President Trump New IV spas opening up across US Turned away previously, Iranian researcher arrives in New York Donald & Melania Trump at Super Bowl party Massive anti-govt protest fills Bucharest More than 780 migrants arrive in Sicily US: Thousands march to protest against Trump's travel ban in Florida Tech companies challenge Trump ban in fight over vision of US as immigrant nationChidanand Rajghatta Nearly 100 US tech companies, including Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Intel, eBay, Uber and Twitter, have filed a joint legal brief arguing against President Donald Trump's travel ban, saying it ''inflicts significant harm on American business, innovation, and growth.'' | TNN | Updated: Feb 6, 2017, 10.14 PM IST Highlights 100 US tech companies filed a joint legal brief arguing against Trump's travel ban Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Intel, eBay are among the petitioners Two former Secretaries of State, John Kerry and Madeleine Albright, have also backed the challenge WASHINGTON: Nearly 100 US tech companies, including Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Intel, eBay, Uber and Twitter, have filed a joint legal brief arguing against President Donald Trump's travel ban, saying it ''inflicts significant harm on American business, innovation, and growth.'' Two former Secretaries of State, John Kerry and Madeleine Albright, have also backed the challenge saying Trump's order undermines national security and will endanger US troops in the field, even as the matter is headed to the U.S Supreme Court. The amicus curiae (literally, friend of the court) brief that allows someone who is not party to the case to pitch in with arguments was filed after a federal judge in Seattle temporarily suspended Trump's order pending a wider legal review. The ruling has opened the door for refugees and visa holders from seven red-flagged Muslim-majority countries to re-enter the US again, amid outrage from President Trump who on Sunday said the judge had put the country in peril and suggested he and the court system should be held responsible ''if something happens.'' ''The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy!" Trump tweeted on Sunday, after mocking what he termed as a ''ridiculous'' ruling of the ''so-called'' judge. Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 5, 2017 I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 5, 2017 ''Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!'' he added. But the best of American businesses stood up for immigrants, who many believe are the eventual targets of the travel restrictions that has begun with the ban on nationals of the seven Muslim-majority countries. There have been sporadic reports of immigrants, including Indians, being targeted by hate groups who believe the Trump election is a mandate to roll back immigration and what they see as the ''browning of America.'' That fringe view, prevalent mostly in Middle America, is being vigorously contested by US businesses, mostly based on the East Coast and West Coast that have thrived on immigration. Some of the concern also goes back to widely cited remarks by Trump's chief strategist Steve Bannon during his days as a radio host that there are far too many Asian CEOs in Silicon Valley and a country is more than its economy. In their brief, US tech companies argued that ''Immigrants make many of the nation's greatest discoveries, and create some of the country's most innovative and iconic companies,'' while maintaining that the tremendous impact of immigrants on America -- and on American business -- is not happenstance. ''People who choose to leave everything that is familiar and journey to an unknown land to make a new life necessarily are endowed with drive, creativity, determination - and just plain guts,'' they said, adding that ''The energy they bring to America, is a key reason why the American economy has been the greatest engine of prosperity and innovation in history.'' The brief also recognized the importance of security saying America ''has long recognized the importance of protecting ourselves against those who would do us harm...but it has done so while maintaining our fundamental commitment to welcoming immigrants - through increased background checks and other controls on people seeking to enter our country.'' The brief was filed late on Sunday with the US Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco and is expected to come up for hearing on Monday evening. Legal experts see the matter landing very quickly in the US Supreme Court which is currently tied at 4-4 between liberal and conservative justices with a Trump nominated conservative judge yet to be confirmed by the Senate where Democrats have pledged to oppose him. A tie in the Supreme Court will leave the decisions of the lower courts intact. The signatories to the brief include non-tech companies such as jeans legend Levi Strauss &co and yogurt-maker Chobani, besides familiar new-age Silicon Valley names such as AirBnB, PayPal, LinkedIn etc. Some of the companies have been rattled by pressure from users who are typically better-educated and higher-earning than Trump constituents. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Top 10 Low Budget Movies That Became Blockbusters Bollywood Union Save Mother of two young boys from Cancer! Milaap Top 10 Highest Paid Playback Singers In Bollywood BollywoodUnion More from The Times of India NRI woman trapped men to get money to marry one she loved The Indira Gandhi the world will never know All is well between Tejashree and Shashank? From the Web More From The Times of India She lost her Baby after a terrible fall!Milaap Bollywood superstars who made it big despite a flop debutCRITICSUNION Pre-Launch Godrej Greens @ Undri Pune 2 BHK from 40Lac+Godrej Pune Properties Most Googled Bollywood actresses of 2016CRITICSUNION Help this Arsenal fan to fight brain cancer!Milaap Ankita Sharma to play the antagonist in Rangrasiya NMMC: NMMC seals 21 commercial establishments Divas by the pool Pics Shah Rukh Khan's 'Darr' to be rebooted as a mini-series Amitabh Bachchan supports ex-boss' son Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Sasikala to be next Tamil Nadu chief minister, Panneerselvam resigns US revokes visa ban after court rules against Donald Trump's order Tata Motors launches new sub-brand 'TAMO' Help this student recover from Brain Damage! Ad: Milaap UP polls: SP-Congress alliance will get over 300 seats, says Akhilesh Yadav ‘Jo jansamarthan hai, mujhe ummeed hai SP-Congress mil kar 300 se upar seat laayenge’, said Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav ahead of upcoming assembly polls in Sitapur district of UP. Akhilesh further asserted that he is confident of the SP-Congress alliance victory in Uttar Pradesh. Uttar Pradesh: BJP workers in PM Narendra Modi's constituency angry over ticket distribution Resentment over ticket distribution continues to grow in the BJP. This time many ordinary workers of the party are up in arms against Saurabh Srivastava, the BJP candidate from Varanasi Cantt seat. From around the Web Help this 11-year-old fight acute Cancer! Milaap Toyota - Less browsing, more dancing Toyota Astrology for life path@Spiritual fellow Samir Desai Pre-Launching Godrej Greens Pune 2/3 BHK from 40Lacs+ Godrej Pune - New Projects More From The Times of India Is Virat Kohli risking his relationship with Anushka? Times of India Satnam Singh drafted in NBA, selected by Dallas Mavericks TOI Website ‘Sleep with a brahmin to rid yourself of doshas' TOI Website Read MoreUS Supreme CourtUS immigration banSupreme CourtSan FranciscoDonald Trump Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Will keep attending business council meetings: Elon Musk Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner help prevent reduction in LGBT rights Travelers arrive in US to hugs and tears after ban is lifted Donald Trump agrees to meet NATO leaders in Europe in May 1Tech companies challenge Trump ban in fight over vision of US as immigrant nation 2Will keep attending business council meetings: Elon Musk 3Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner help prevent reduction in LGBT rights 4Travelers arrive in US to hugs and tears after ban is lifted 5Donald Trump agrees to meet NATO leaders in Europe in May About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | BMC Election 2017 | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | PMC Election 2017 | India Budget 2017 News FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Elections 2017 Live: UP Elections 2017 Sasikala as CM Live Updates: Elections 2017 Live: Budget Session of Parliament Sasikala Live:Punjab Election 2017 Cyrus Mistry Box Office Collection Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter Close Sign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Desktop Hardware Desktop Software Laptops Alphr Cloud Pro Channel Pro Search Search Sections News Reviews In-depth App Business travel Innovation at Work Leadership Whitepapers You are here: Home Strategy News Slack and Tesla join tech firms fighting Trump's travel ban Slack and Tesla join tech firms fighting Trump's travel ban Share twitter linkedin facebook google+ email Adam Shepherd, Joe Curtis News 7 Feb, 2017 127 tech firms now support legal challenge to Trump's executive order Dozens more tech firms have lent their support to a legal challenge to President Donald Trump's controversial immigration ban, joining 96 other signatories. In total, more than 120 companies are backing an 'amicus brief', a legal document offering official support to the State of Washington in its case against the president's 90-day travel ban affecting seven countries whose populations are mostly Muslim. The executive order, issued by the president in late January, blocked travellers from seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the US, before being temporarily struck down by a federal judge. A fierce battle is now underway in attempts to determine the legitimacy of the ban. As well as public condemnation from activists, civil rights groups and world leaders, the travel ban has also drawn sharp criticism from Silicon Valley. Virtually every major tech company has slammed the order, and the list of firms officially opposing it is now a who's-who of top tech talent. Alongside luminaries like Google, Facebook, Citrix and Microsoft, the list is now joined by HP Inc, Adobe, Slack, Brocade and more. In what may be a particularly embarrassing blow to the president, Elon Musk's companies, Tesla and SpaceX, are also part of the latest batch of additions. Musk sits on the president's Strategic and Policy Forum, an advisory panel that meets with Trump regularly. Although Musk's role on the panel has drawn condemnation from some quarters, he maintains that he does not support or endorse the current administration, He also argued that it was important he advise Trump - precisely because he does not agree with him. Activists should be pushing for more moderates to advise President, not fewer. How could having only extremists advise him possibly be good? — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) February 5, 2017 The brief was filed on Sunday on behalf of 96 tech signatories, saying Trump's travel ban was harmful to business. Travellers from Syria, Iran, Iraq, Libya, Sudan, Yemen and Somalia were affected by the ban, but a Washington state legal challenge led to a federal judge temporarily blocking the order. An appeals court rejected a White appeal, and now a full case must be heard from the justice department as well as two states who mounted the legal challenge, Washington and Minnesota. A decision is expected later this month, but will only determine whether the travel ban should be kept on hold or not while courts decide on its legality. 06/02/2017: 100 tech firms say Trump's travel ban is bad for business Nearly 100 tech companies including Apple, Box, Intel and Google have signed a legal document saying their "operations are affected" by US President Donald Trump's travel ban. The executive order imposing the 90-day ban on travel from seven Muslim-majority countries is already the subject of several legal challenges, including one from the state of Washington, which has called it "unlawful and unconstitutional". A total of 97 tech firms filed an amicus brief to the US's Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, arguing that the travel ban is economically harmful and that it represents a significant break with the US's previous immigration stance. "The Order represents a significant departure from the principles of fairness and predictability that have governed the immigration system of the United States for more than fifty years," the brief, also signed by the likes of Airbnb, Microsoft and Lyft, states. "The Order inflicts significant harm on American business, innovation, and growth as a result. The Order makes it more difficult and expensive for US companies to recruit, hire, and retain some of the world's best employees. It disrupts ongoing business operations. And it threatens companies' ability to attract talent, business, and investment to the United States." By filing the brief, the companies hope to demonstrate the travel ban will harm US businesses' operations and that it is unlawful. Trump's executive order, issued on 27 January, banned travellers and refugees from Syria, Iran, Iraq, Libya, Sudan, Yemen and Somalia. Critics claim the ban is anti-religious, something the Trump administration denies. During his campaign, Trump discussed the idea of building a database of Muslims. Washington state's attorney general, Bob Ferguson, filed the legal challenge to Trump's travel ban that resulted in a Seattle federal judge temporarily blocking the order from being enforced nationwide last Friday. An appeals court rejected the White House's appeal on Saturday, meaning the case must be heard in full, with both Washington and Minnesota states, as well as the justice department, being asked to give more evidence today, before an expected decision later this month. That decision only concerns whether the ban should remain on hold while courts decide on its legality. Main image: Tony Webster See related  TechUK brands Tier 2 immigration visa reforms 'disappointing' US voter traffic crashes New Zealand immigration site What can - or should - tech do about Trump's travel ban? 01/02/2017: Amazon offers legal backing to fight Trump travel ban Amazon boss Jeff Bezos has said he'll fight against Donald Trump's controversial immigration policies in court in letter sent to employees at the company. Bezos explained he's supporting the Washington State attorney general, the first state official to say they will be suing Trump over his executive order. “We reached out to congressional leaders on both sides of the aisle to explore legislative options. Our legal team has prepared a declaration of support for the Washington state attorney general who will be filing suit against the order. We are working other legal options as well,” said Bezos. On Saturday evening, Amazon issued its first letter to employees saying anyone affected by Trump's immigration policy will recieve the full support of the company. It urged those affected by the ban not to leave the country and said it would offer legal resources for those originating from the seven countries Trump has blacklisted, as well as their families. "From the very beginning, Amazon has been committed to equal rights, tolerance and diversity – and we always will be," the company said in its statement. Bezos joins other tech leaders including Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and Netflix CEO Reed Hastings, who have both offered their support for company employees who may be affected by the policy. Travel service Expedia's boss also announced his distaste for Trump's executive order. “The president’s order represents the worst of his proclivity toward rash action versus thoughtfulness. Ours is a nation of immigrants. These are our roots, this is our soul. All erased with the stroke of a pen.” 30/01/2017: Tim Cook slams Trump's immigration policies Apple's CEO, Tim Cook, has hit out at US president Donald Trump's immigration policies, saying the company would not exist if it weren't for immigrants being allowed to move freely across borders. “Apple would not exist without immigration, let alone thrive and innovate the way we do,” wrote Cook in an email to Apple staff obtained by tech website Recode. “I've heard from many of you who are deeply concerned about the executive order issued yesterday restricting immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries. I share your concerns. It is not a policy we support.” He quoted civil rights campaigner Martin Luther King in the email, saying: "We may have all come on different ships, but we are in the same boat now," which at least went some way to explain how Apple would support those who may no longer be able to re-enter the country or could be subjected to tougher reforms in the future. He told employees Apple would support any employee who feels they are at risk and he will work closely with the company's HR, legal and security teams to give them the help they need to remain in the country. "As I've said many times, diversity makes our team stronger," he said. "And if there’s one thing I know about the people at Apple, it’s the depth of our empathy and support for one another. It’s as important now as it’s ever been, and it will not weaken one bit. I know I can count on all of you to make sure everyone at Apple feels welcome, respected and valued." President Trump's executive order restricts immigration from seven Muslim countries for 90 days, suspends any refugees trying to enter the country for 120 days and bars all Syrians seeking refuge indefinitely. Read more about Strategy Donald Trump Apple Tim Cook View the discussion thread. Get the ITPro Newsletter Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies. Click here Featured Whitepapers Latest in Strategy IT spending to hit $2.4 trillion in 2017 News Tim Cook on Brexit: it'll be fine News What is DevOps? In-depth Is Intel's US factory pledge all that it seems? Analysis Driverless cars: UK to introduce two-in-one insurance for driverless cars News See all Popular Raspberry Pi 4: Raspberry Pi gets AI Desktop Hardware Tim Cook on Brexit: it'll be fine Strategy GDS prioritises data and digital skills in new strategy Government IT Strategy Oculus Rift release date, price and system requirements: Zuckerberg shows off prototype Rift gloves for VR typing Desktop Hardware Android Nougat release date, name and features: Google is getting rid of Android's Google Now Launcher Android Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Useful links Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Auto Express Evo Coach Micro Mart Alphr Know Your Mobile Classic & Performance Car Expert Reviews Channel Pro Digital SLR Photography Den of Geek The Week Computer Shopper Magazines Health & Fitness CarBuyer Cloud Pro MagBooks Cyclist TablePouncer © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios Chicago Proud Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us POLITICS Apple, Facebook, Google and 94 others join legal fight against Trump travel ban Email share share tweet email AP (Susan Walsh) CNN Monday, February 06, 2017 07:51AM America's biggest tech firms have stepped into the legal fight against President Donald Trump's travel ban. A total of 97 companies -- including Apple, Facebook, Google, Intel, Microsoft, Netflix and Twitter -- filed a court motion Sunday night declaring that Trump's executive order on immigration "violates the immigration laws and the Constitution." Almost all the companies that signed on in support are tech companies. The few exceptions include yogurt producer Chobani, snack maker Kind and fashion brand Levi Strauss. All three companies were founded by immigrants. The ban represents "a sudden shift in the rules governing entry into the United States, and is inflicting substantial harm on U.S. companies," says the court document. It's the latest move by the tech industry to oppose Trump's controversial order, which has run into hurdles in the U.S. court system. The motion was filed with the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, which on Sunday morning denied the U.S. government's emergency request to resume Trump's travel ban. The appeals court has asked for both sides to file legal briefs before it makes a final decision. The lawsuit in question was filed by the attorneys general of Washington state and Minnesota. The motion from the 97 companies seeks permission to file what's known as an amicus ("friend of the court") brief in the case. The San Francisco-based Ninth Circuit has a reputation as one of the most liberal in the nation. No matter how it rules, the next stop for the case is likely be the U.S. Supreme Court. Trump's executive order bars citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the U.S. for 90 days and all refugees from entering for 120 days. It also indefinitely halts refugees from Syria. Tech companies have been at the vanguard of businesses opposing the ban. Their court motion filed Sunday night emphasizes the important role of immigration in the U.S. economy. "Immigrants make many of the Nation's greatest discoveries, and create some of the country's most innovative and iconic companies," it says. "At the same time, America has long recognized the importance of protecting ourselves against those who would do us harm," it adds. "But it has done so while maintaining the fundamental commitment to welcoming immigrants -- through increased background checks and other controls on people seeking to enter our country." It's not the first legal move by tech firms over Trump's ban. Amazon and Expedia filed motions last week in the Washington attorney general's lawsuit. They argued the immigration order will hurt their employees and their businesses. Uber CEO Travis Kalanick on Thursday dropped out of Trump's business advisory council, citing the ban. "The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," Kalanick wrote in a memo to employees. "Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there's a growing fear the U.S. is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants." Uber and its rival Lyft both support the motion filed Sunday. Tesla CEO Elon Musk has defended his decision to take part in the advisory council, saying it's better to be on the inside where he can push Trump on issues like immigration and climate change. Tesla is not a signatory to the motion. Copyright 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Related Topics: politicsu.s. & worldfacebookgoogleappletechnologyPresident Donald Trumpdonald trump Email share share tweet email Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. POLITICS Mexican mayors meet with Emanuel Chicago Civic Federation proposes sweeping budget fixes Trump backs Kellyanne Conway after she promoted Ivanka's brand on TV White House: Conway 'counseled' for Ivanka pitch Emanuel renews push for O'Hare express train More Politics Top Stories Woman killed in police-involved shooting in North Center Mystery voicemails about ComEd bills lead to another company's sales pitch Niles West high school coach charged with sexual assault of student 2017 Chicago Auto Show Guide I-Team: Mysterious Voicemails Orland Park police investigating woman's death Pedestrian fatally struck by Metra near Cicero Show More 2 teenage boys shot in Roseland 50-year-old man stabbed in Waukegan McDonalds Mike Ilitch, owner of Tigers and Red Wings, dies at age 87 Girl, 17, carjacked in her driveway in Western Springs PHOTOS: Wackiest vehicles at 2017 Chicago Auto Show More News Photos PHOTOS: Wackiest vehicles at 2017 Chicago Auto Show PHOTOS: Inside the Obamas' new D.C. home PHOTOS: Debut models at the 2017 Chicago Auto Show 108 arrested in Illinois in sex sting; 752 arrested across US More Photos Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories Video Photos U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios Chicago Proud Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios Chicago Proud Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios Chicago Proud Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago
null
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources 5 Ways Scalia’s Death Changed the Supreme Court Tony Mauro The National Law Journal CONTINUE 3 Ways In-House Counsel Can Navigate International Data Regulations Ricci Dipshan Law.Com Ninth Circuit Rules Against President Trump While Twitter Explodes With Responses Carley Meiners Foreclosure Litigation Strategy Takes Aim at Seniors, Attorneys Say Samantha Joseph Daily Business Review The Technology Behind Attorney Response Efforts Following Trump’s Travel Ban Gabrielle Orum Hernández Legaltech News Track the Cases: How Trump Opponents Are Using the Courts to Block His Agenda › News Big Law Joins Opposition To Trump's Refugee Ban By Katelyn Polantz|The National Law Journal Expert Opinion On the Bright Side, Lawyers Are Suddenly Popular In-Depth Analysis Small D.C. Law Firm Maps Defense, Offense Plays Against Trump News Law Profs Butt Heads Over Suit Filed Against Trump Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL HEADLINES KWM Partners Rejected Repeated Attempts to Raise Capital in Years Before Collapse Rose Walker Legal Week Setback for President Trump: Ninth Circuit Keeps Nationwide Block on Travel Ban in Place Ross Todd The Recorder Minority Law Students Subsidize Scholarships, Study Finds Karen Sloan Whistleblower Lawyers Fret Over Leaks After Akin Gump Partner’s Arrest Ben Hancock The National Law Journal Alternative Legal Service Provider Adoption All About Cost Savings? Perhaps Not Zach Warren Law.Com For Companies, Trump's Tweets Create 'New Category of Risk' C. Ryan Barber The National Law Journal I Got A’s! My Buddy Didn’t. 1L Awkwardness. Robert McClendon PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas Litigation in Twitter Nation: When You Can and Can’t Tweet in #Court L. David Russell, Christopher C. Chiou and Sean D. Nelson Death by a Thousand Views: Keeping Deposition Videos Off the Internet L. David Russell, Christopher C. Chiou and Sean D. Nelson 5 Hot Takes on Future of E-Discovery in Legal Industry Gabrielle Orum Hernández MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS New national minimum wage rates announced Draft legislation implementing increases to national minimum wage rates from 1 April 2017 has been published. Download What is half of nothing? Wrongful trading developments in the ‘Robin Hood’ case Case law on wrongful trading has developed significantly over the past two years. This briefing takes a closer look. Download New Cyprus-India treaty for the avoidance of double taxation Cyprus and India have signed a new double tax treaty which is expected to foster increased use of Cyprus as a gateway for investment both into and out of India. Download Insurance and reinsurance disputes annual review 2016 HSF provides an overview and analysis of the key cases and developments affecting those engaged in or with contentious matters in the insurance and reinsurance market. Download Defining foreign private issuers: Are you a wizard or a muggle? Companies defined as “foreign private issuers” enjoy a number of important advantages under special SEC rules and accommodations. Download The gig economy and employment status Does your business use flexible labour? If so, can it take a 10% hike in its payroll costs? If not, listen to this podcast or read the transcript. Download The blockchain revolution An analysis of regulation and technology related to Distributed Ledger Technologies. Download 10 top tips to remain safe online Bond Dickinson looks at what businesses and individuals alike need to do to protect themselves and remain safe on the Internet. Download Kenya’s new mining act The new Act is a modern piece of legislation that is clear in terms of timelines and structures, but still has a few challenges that need to be addressed. Download When does workplace banter become sexual harassment? Despite being outlawed by the Equality Act 2010, it seems sexual harassment remains prevalent within the workplace. Download Popular     Akin Gump Partner's Arrest Highlights Hiring Risks for Firms Setback for President Trump: Ninth Circuit Keeps Nationwide Block on Travel Ban in Place Gorsuch Scores Points by Distancing Himself From Trump Will My Law Career Always Feel This Toxic? Do Firms Care When Women Bolt? PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Far-Flung Places: The Travails and Travels of a Product Liability Litigator Common Sense Investing Isn’t So Common Defend Trade Secrets Act: Considerations for the Year Ahead A Constitutional Checklist Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, New York, NY 10279 212-341-7900 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Ohio Innocence Project Handed $15 Million Donation When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Home Search Silicon IP Search Verification IP Latest News Industry Articles Industry Expert Blogs Videos Slides Events ≡ Menu Design And Reuse Login | Subscribe Company | design-reuse.cn | dr-embedded.com | D&R Products | English Chinese Login | Subscribe to D&R SoC News Alert Design And Reuse Search IP Categories Silicon IP Analog & Mixed Signal Storage Controller & PHY Graphic & Peripheral Interface Controller & PHY Processors & Microcontrollers Memory & Logic Library Security Multimedia Wireline Communication Wireless Communication Silicon IP Vendors   Verification IP Search / Browse Verification IP Vendors Software IP Search / Browse Software IP Vendors     Additional Services Wanted IPs IP Analytics Featured Products Advanced Encryption Standard (AES-128) core with AMBA AHB interface ARM Cortex-based broadcast and interactive set-top box SoCs MIPI Compliant M-PHY Fixed-size streaming FFT News Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Fabless / IDM Deals Legal Business Financial Results People Commentary / Analysis 20 Most Popular News Latest News Intel Supports American Innovation with $7 Billion Investment in Next-Generation Semiconductor Factory in Arizona Thursday Feb. 09, 2017 Data Center Calls for 800GE Spec Thursday Feb. 09, 2017 Rambus Introduces High Bandwidth Memory PHY on GLOBALFOUNDRIES FX-14 ASIC Platform using 14nm LPP Process Technology Wednesday Feb. 08, 2017 Industry Articles Categories IP/SoC Products Embedded Systems Foundries FPGA Business 20 Most Popular Articles Featured Articles Configurable Microprocessor for Life Essential Devices Monday Feb. 06, 2017 A Knowledge Sharing Framework for Fabs, SoC Design Houses and IP Vendors Monday Jan. 30, 2017 A Cost-Effective Reuse Method of Off-the-Shelf MIMO Wireless LAN IPs with a Nested Spatial Mapping Monday Jan. 23, 2017 Blogs Industry Expert Blogs Intel Alternative Facts! SemiWiki - Robert Maire Tom Quan on TSMC's Automotive Strategy Breakfast Bytes - Paul McLellan The Impact of PCIe 4.0 Specification for Designers SemiWiki - Eric Esteve Videos Slides Events IP-SOC Days 2017 IP-SOC 2016 Archives IP-SOC 2016 IP-SOC 2015 IP-SOC 2014 IP-SOC 2013 IP-SOC 2012 IP-SOC 2011 IP-SOC 2010 Choose a filter Full Site Search Silicon IP Verification IP Software IP News Industry Articles Configurable Microprocessor for Life Essential Devices Fergus Casey and Thang Tran (Synopsys Inc.) Abstract: As new use cases emerge in the personal electronics market, the processors that run them must evolve to meet the changing requirements. In 1990, the productivity era drove growth in personal computers and laptops. In 2000, the connectivity era brought with it smart phones and tablets. And in 2010, with assistance of WiFi, the world became connected in real time everywhere through social media (FaceTime, IM, Skype, Twitter), live streaming, and interactive gaming. A new era of essential devices to improve quality of life is now upon us. These essential devices, also known as the Internet of Things (IoT), require a step function improvement in power and performance efficiency together with extreme reliability requirements. This paper will explore how processors have evolved with attributes such as configurability and extensibility to enable the next generation of electronics. I. INTRODUCTION In the productivity era of the 1990s, PCs and laptops eventually reached a point that more performance from their processors did not add any value. Other features and electronics started to evolve around the PC/laptop such as thin, light, large screen monitors, portable mice, faster modems and routers. Then came an era focused on connectivity and mobility where the smart phone and tablet were at the center of innovation. But now even they are reaching maturity, any further performance improvement for the microprocessor seems unnecessary. The maturity is evident by: The smart phone camera goes over 10 mega pixels The audio and video quality of smart phone is as good as business video conferencing Kids watch video on smart phone rather than TV More games are played on smart phone than portable game consoles Now we are seeing the emergence of new connected devices such smart cars, medical monitors, and smart cards that are becoming “life-essential” [1]. Many fall into the category commonly known as the internet of things (IoT) and are driving processor requirements beyond what was needed by PCs and smart phones. Some of the unique requirements for life-essential devices include financial and medical security and reliability, ultra-low power capabilities for weeks/months of battery life, support for safety standards to enable autonomous driving, and reliability to sustain device lifespans of 15+ years. These requirements are driving the evolution of a new type of processor in which application optimized with configurability and extensibility. This paper explores the evolution of processors over the years and explains the reason for the genesis of a new wave of processors for the next-generation applications for the next 20 years II. BACKGROUND Microprocessors are an important differentiation for many companies [2]. Intel® became the largest semiconductor company in the world with X86 processors. Intel and AMD are integrated circuit producers that provide microprocessor design, full software support, fabrication, assembly, packaging, and production test. The microprocessor chip can be purchased off the shelf and built into the PC/laptop. For smart phones and tablets, a new model emerged – processor as an intellectual property (IP) where the customer pays for a license to use the core in the design of a chip and pays a royalty fee based on the number of chips sold. The business model is completely different, with the processor IP becoming part of system-on-chip (SoC) design. This processor IP business is successful as illustrated by the recent acquisition of ARM® by Softbank for 32 billion dollars. The processor IP was still a fixed design and compiler that was provided off the shelf. Customers could not modify the RTL and had very limited options in terms of configurability. The SoC design is harder to copy, but most components on the SoC are off-the-shelf IPs. As the market evolves to include more life-essential devices such as smart cards, medical devices and fitness monitors, yet another type of processor IP is needed. The ability to configure and extend a processor to meet the requirements of the application is a promising new technology model for processors. It provides high degrees of flexibility with the ability for the SoC developer to include custom instructions that are unknown to their competitors. The SoC design can also reach the optimal tradeoffs in performance, power and area by customize the processor IP to the application requirements. Also, the customization of processor technology provides the ability to meet evolving standards. With the wide variety of applications and requirements today, from consumer to automotive, there are just too many different types of applications to standardize on a single fixed processor IP. Synopsys’ DesignWare® ARC® processors are an example of a configurable and extensible processor that is well positioned to ride the wave of the era of lifeessential devices. III. BUSINESS MODEL FOR CONFIGURABLE PROCESSOR Design flexibility is enhanced in this wave of processor designs. The IP model allows significant customer adaptation in the SoC design where power, performance, and area (PPA ), security, and flexibility are the highest priorities. Key attributes of a processor to drive successful next-generation designs include: Significant improvement in power and area. With configurability, processors can be tailored to achieve an optimum PPA for a given target application and specific type of memory. Ease of adding custom instructions and hardware accelerators. Ability to add security features that can be customized to an application as well as to the semiconductor; using obfuscation techniques known only to the SoC developer and no one else. Processor IP that comes with certification from industry recognized consultants or standards bodies, for example ISO 26262 ASIL D ready certification. Highly integrated synthesis flow for optimal PPA. Simple business model, in which the processor IP is licensed with mix and match of hardware accelerators per the customer’s need. Having the same processor IP platform with many possible configurations makes it easier for customers to provide product variation and support future upgrades. As previously stated, the configurability provides the customers with (1) product differentiation and (2) faster time to market without the burden (and expense) of hiring a full processor design team. This generation of processor covers all aspects of PPA for the specific application, resulting in a tailored processor within the PPA triangle as shown in Figure 1. The optimal solution for a design is moving toward the center of the PPA triangle. The configurable processor IP allows simpler trade-offs to reach the optimal design. Fig. 1. Microprocessors PPA Triangle An SoC generally consists of many cores, one or multiple application CPUs, a graphic processing unit, hardware accelerators for audio/video/imaging, and a power-management core. The configurable and extensible processor can provide options to unify many of these cores. All the cores could use variants of a single ISA and both hardware and software can be reused. Synopsys’ ARCv2 ISA is an extensible instruction set, with support for optional and predefined extensions, and a mechanism for creating variable-length extensions. The compiler technology includes the extensible instructions. IV. APPLICATIONS OF CONFIGURABLE MICROPROCESSOR A. Advantages of configurable processors One key advantage of configurable processors is that the same processor ISA can used for all designs. Processors can be adapted to the application with the addition of custom instructions and configurable functional units. The advantages of adding custom instruction that are included in the compiler are: Ease of software pipelining, the custom instructions are part of the instruction set which are optimized by the compiler. Ease of adding custom instructions and hardware accelerators, the hardware accelerator operations are part of the instruction pipeline execution; no need for interrupts or status polling. Ease of adding and removing functional units, i.e. if integer divide is not used in application code, then it should not be part of the processor. Ease of configuring instruction and data memories. The exact size and type of memory, close coupled or cache, are used for optimal size and power. The configurable microprocessor provides the exact requirements for an application with ease of integration. Another main goal of configurable and extensible microprocessor is to shorten the customers design B. Extremely Low Power and Security Many applications, such as drones, smart cards, medical monitor devices, and wearable devices, need extremely low power to operate because of its size or extended required operation time. Some applications devices such as medical devices and smart bank cards require security features which should be known only by the developer. The combination of low power and security is a very tough goal to achieve. The below example of SHA-256 cryptographic standard implementations help demonstrate the trade-offs achieved through the use of extensibility to create a hybrid hardware/software. The diagram below illustrates the performance and area trade-offs of a “pure” software implementation of SHA- 256 (running on a baseline core), a “pure” hardware solution, and the hybrid solution based on using hardware extensions to accelerate a software algorithm. As seen in Figure 2, with the addition of simple extension instructions allowing specific bit manipulation and shifting tailored to the algorithm, significant performance can be achieved with very low gate count. In the hybrid solution, the SHA-256 algorithm instructions are part of the ISA with inline execution and minimal hardware addition; the control logic and state machine of the hardware SHA solution is part of the microprocessor. Fig. 2. ARC EM processor Security Options C. Tools and Design Flow As mentioned earlier, Synopsys ARC processors exemplify the qualities of a processor ideal for the next generation of SoC design. As an example, the ARC EM processors exhibit leadership PPA with 1.81 DMIPs/MHz performance efficiency, as little as 3uW/MHz power consumption, and as low as 0.01mm2 area in a 28-nm HPM process. ARC EM processors also provide a full range of configurable features such as the ability to tailor the design to the specific application requirements, extensibility with custom instructions/hardware through APEX technology, and certifications for automotive safety applications. Furthermore, Synopsys’ ARChitect configuration tool eases the process of putting it all together (Figure 3). The ARC processor environment includes compilers, debuggers, simulators, synthesis, backend and development systems. It is important for a processor IP vendor to supply all necessary tools to shorten the time to market for customers. Click to enlarge Fig. 3. Architect Tool for SoC Configuration Two things that life-essential devices generally have in common are that they incorporate sensors to collect data and connectivity to transmit and receive data. For example, the smart band design includes medical monitoring, a gyroscope to detect falling, and Bluetooth to connect to the internet for sending information directly to medical providers. As noted above, the exact configuration and extensibility to include the sensors as part of the processor provide the optimal power for these applications. As many SoC developers know, designing a system does not stop at the core. Memory, peripherals, drivers and software libraries all factor into the design process. This is a key reason that Synopsys offers ARC-based subsystems, including the DesignWare Smart Sensor and Control Subsystem, which consist of an ARC EM processor, tightly-coupled peripherals and memory, application specific hardware accelerators, and production ready software libraries (Figure 4): Host Interface: AHB bus, JTAG, UART, I2C Slave Sensor and Actuator Connectivity: Power Management UART DAC/ADC GPIO SPI I2C APB Interface CREG Hardware accelerators: Filtering Accelerators Interpolation Vector Processing Fast Math Accelerators Fig. 4. DesignWare Smart Sensor and Control Subsystem [3] The ARC EM processor based subsystem targets many different types of applications, including: Industrial: real-time control, robotics Automotive: ABS, digital motor control, electric power steering, in-vehicle networking Consumer: mobile phone/tablet sensor, E-metering, home automation, connected appliances, Portable medical devices: blood-pressure monitors, heart-rate monitor, digital thermometer D. Intelligent Sensor Application Example Intelligent Sensor, a reference design, provided in the ARC Databook [4] is shown in Figure 5. The following ARC EM5D processor features are configurable, allowing the customer to remove them if not required: DSP fixed point functions: SINCOS, SQRT 16-bit program counter (PC) 8-bit loop counter (LC) registers Sixteen core registers 16 KB closely coupled memories for instructions 4 KB closely coupled memories for data Seven external interrupts I/O functions: ADC Master, CREG Control, CREG Observation, I2C Slave Software drivers that are part of the I/O library Implement a process that frequently processes raw sensory data that is acquired by the AD Controller. Fig. 5. Intelligent Sensor Hardware Block Diagram Figure 6 shows the energy consumption comparison between the Synopsys’ Smart Sensor and Control Subsystem and the ARM M0 & M4, demonstrating the power efficiencies that can be achieved through the use of the ARC configurable and extensible architecture optimized to sensor domain applications. Fig. 6. Performance Comparison SUMMARY The characteristic of the last two generations of the microprocessor-related products, the PC/laptop and the smart phone/tablet, is the mass worldwide appeal to young and old and for personal and business use. The next big market is not a single product but an explosion of a multitude of life-essential applications. The processor market is faced with a variety of challenges as demands for higher performance coupled with longer battery life and the need for security grow in emerging applications. The configurable and extensible processor is the next generation in the processor family tree. It is exciting to talk about the evolving capacities enabled by the new class of processors for smart automobiles, smart cards, smart homes, drones, and connected medical monitoring devices. This new class of processor enables many possibilities and many opportunities to enhance the quality of life. ACKNOWLEDGMENT Acknowledge contributions from marketing department of Synopsys. REFERENCES [1] [Source: http://semiengineering.com/executive-insight-aart-de-geus-3/] [2] Tran, T., “Microprocessor: Past, Present, and Future.” 2016 International Conference on IC Design and Technology (ICICDT), 2016. [3] “DesignWare Sensor and Control IP Subsystem User Guide.” ARC Synopsys, Version 4027-006, February 2015. [4] “DesignWare Sensor and Control IP Subsystem Infrastructure Databook,” ARC Synopsys, Version 4022- 004, February 2015. If you wish to download a copy of this white paper, click here     Contact Synopsys, Inc. Fill out this form for contacting a Synopsys, Inc. representative. Your Name: Your E-mail address: Your Company address: Your Phone Number: Write your message:     Search Silicon IP 16,000 IP Cores from 450 Vendors Example: Processor IP Cores   Search Verification IP 1,000 Verification IPs from 50 Vendors   Synopsys, Inc. Hot IP USB 3.1 PHY (10G/5G) - TSMC 16FFC x1 OTG, North/South Poly Orientation ARC SEM110 Security Processor for Low Power Embedded Applications Bluetooth Smart PHY IP (Radio+MODEM) in TSMC180 SuperSpeed USB 3.1 DRD Controller USB 2.0 nanoPHY - TSMC 40G, LP, 2-3-4-Port, OTG   See Synopsys, Inc. IP >> Related Articles Turning cars into mobile devices: MIPI Fully-programmable SoCs -- A new breed of devices Functional Safety and the FPGA World Strong identity for devices tackles hidden costs in IoT security Automotive Is the New Black   See Synopsys, Inc. Latest Articles >> New Articles Achieving FPGA Design Performance Quickly Debugging hard faults in ARM Cortex-M0 based SoCs 5G: Can You Hear Me Now? Configurable Microprocessor for Life Essential Devices A Review Paper on CMOS, SOI and FinFET Technology   See New Articles >> Most Popular How to calculate CPU utilization Dynamic Memory Allocation and Fragmentation in C and C++ A Review Paper on CMOS, SOI and FinFET Technology Achieving FPGA Design Performance Quickly Method for Booting ARM Based Multi-Core SoCs   See the Top 20 >> E-mail This Article Printer-Friendly Page EETimes © 2017 Design And Reuse All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be copied, retransmitted, reposted, duplicated or otherwise used without the express written permission of Design And Reuse. Partner with us Visit our new Partnership Portal for more information. Partner with us List your Products Suppliers, list your IPs for free. List your Products Design-Reuse.com Contact Us About us D&R Partner Program Advertise with Us Privacy Policy
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Big data headaches? Massive memory capacity flattens server costs You don't have to wait for Intel and Micron. Diablo's Memory1 DIMMs are now qualified with several vendors and the price/performance is stunning. Here's what you need to know. By Robin Harris for Storage Bits | February 6, 2017 -- 13:22 GMT (05:22 PST) | Topic: Storage There are new peaks to scale.Robin Harris We don't have to wait for Intel and Micron. Diablo's Memory1 product is now qualified on HP's Cloudline, SuperMicro, and Inspur servers for internet service providers. It's real and it's here today. Currently, a Memory1 DIMM is 128GB, but expect 256GB versions later this year. Even with the current kit, a 1U server can support up to 2TB of physical memory - perfect for Big Data applications. Spark! special feature The Evolution of Enterprise Storage How to plan, manage, and optimize enterprise storage to keep up with the data deluge. Read More Big Data apps hammer storage subsystems because their bandwidth demands swamp high-end I/O capacities. Putting mass storage on the even faster memory bus solves that problem. You could use 128GB DRAM DIMMs, but they are both costly and power/cooling hungry. Memory1 uses NAND flash, which is much cheaper than DRAM, in conjunction with their Linux DMX driver, to provide massive capacity at an affordable price, while using far less power. Tests run on the Apache Spark analytics platform show what massive memory capacity can do for cloud economics. A financial customer ran a Spark SQL test and found they got 24 percent faster response times with one quarter the number of servers. Obviously, that's a major financial benefit. MySQL In another customer benchmark, the large capacity of Memory1 increased MySQL performance by 13x, response time latency by 10x, while reducing capital expense by 86 percent. That last number will put a smile on even the most dour CFO's face. The Storage Bits take After decades in the industry, I'm a confirmed skeptic of all shiny new technologies. But I see a straight line benefit from high-capacity flash-based memory to your bottom line: more performance; fewer servers; lower costs; equals more bang for the buck. This is NOT a PC technology today, but Diablo stresses that their DMX driver, which handles data placement to maximize performance, is technology independent. When and if 3D XPoint makes it to the market, or any other DRAM substitute, such as Nantero's carbon nanotube memory, DMX can optimize it for server use. If Big Data is giving you headaches, you owe it to yourself to see what Diablo's Memory1 can do for your servers. In a world where CPU performance is flat, putting massive capacity on the memory bus is the Next Big Thing for performance and cost improvement. Courteous comments welcome, of course. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Storage You may be owed $10 for each DVD drive in PCs you bought years ago Cloud Fox Film picks Brazilian cloud provider Storage Can flash storage bring certainty to the chaotic world of tech? SMBs Synology Cloud Sync: Create a hybrid cloud using Dropbox, Google Drive, and more × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars MARKETING Guest Mixed reality will soon mean big business for brands Keith Curtin, See Digital@kfcurtin February 6, 2017 5:40 AM Tags: Apple, AR, augmented reality, brands, iPhone, marketing, Marketing Weekly, Mixed Reality, MR, ve, virtual reality Image Credit: See Digital Are brands ready for mixed reality? The answer is a resounding no!  Fortunately, there’s still time left to prepare for one of the biggest digital transformations of all time. Reports suggest that a collection of the world’s leading tech companies, including Microsoft, Apple, Samsung, Huawei, LG, Acer, Intel, Meta, Magic Leap, and ODG are all planning to double down on mixed reality (MR) this year by bringing affordable devices to the masses. In particular, excitement continues to grow over speculation that Apple may be ready to unveil its MR device in the coming months to coincide with the 10-year anniversary of the iPhone. Tim Cook has recently made bold statements about augmented reality (AR), indicating his company will have a major horse in the race. Many analysts believe that horse will be the dominant front-runner. ‘AR is going to be as important as eating three meals a day, and once it’s arrived, we will wonder how we ever lived without it, similar to how we feel about our phones’ – Tim Cook If rumors are true, Apple could instantly flip the switch on mixed reality and seed the globe with first-weekend sales that potentially exceed 40-60 million units, based on prior iPhone launch statistics. Having AR-capable devices delivered at such speed and scale would certainly send both brands and consumers into a frenzy over the immediate demand for readily available content. (This is the same issue we are currently seeing with VR.) ‘Users will start expecting brands to have mixed reality experiences in 2018. The big money will show up in 2020’ – Robert Scoble To prepare, every brand needs to have an AR strategy now! Some unique brand benefits: Products become “Always On” digital media channels Products and objects will extract valuable and unique consumer data sets Spatial mapping and eye sensors will allow brands to “see” much further Targeting and retargeting capabilities will become more precise and relevant Engagement rates and dwell times will tip the scale Engagement and exposure will trigger increased consumer spending on goods Products = next-gen websites and portals Consumers will soon ditch today’s clunky devices in favor of mixed reality glasses with spatial computing powers. These new lenses will pull up interactive 3D holograms, games, websites, video, telecommunications, virtual desktops, and much more. What this means for brands is that products and objects are going to become next-generation websites filled with 3D content that users can touch, hold, speak to, and learn from. This entirely new medium will give brands and advertisers the ability to engage with – and learn about – their consumers in ways that never existed before. It will close the gap between the physical and digital, allowing brands to create platforms and communities that far exceed limitations posed through today’s existing media channels.  This will also profoundly impact product sales, brand loyalties, and consumer engagement at unimaginable rates. As adoption ignites and MR becomes scalable, consumers will soon expect digital content from every product they come in contact with. For example, a Coca-Cola product will now deliver a realistic 3D gaming, music, or sporting event experience. Food products like Hellman’s Mayonnaise or Extra Virgin Olive Oil will be able to deliver exclusive 3D recipe tutorials given by a Rachel Ray hologram (You may even want to hold and interact with a 3D catalog of her cookware set). Many of the items that make it into your grocery cart will have digital discounts and product benefits displayed straight from the package as you walk down the aisle and shop. For brands, mixed reality means that everything in the world can now become a media channel and ANY creative concept imaginable can be executed. Next-gen search engine = visual search Because we will rely on these new MR glasses for practically everything we do, and because we could potentially wear them throughout most of our day, there will be a significant increase in the amount of content we consume on a daily basis. For brands, this could mean more advertising opportunities that allow them to capture — and learn from — behavioral data. Ultimately, however, this will also mean that trillions of physical objects in our world must be indexed in order to have some type of relevant content associated with them. So how will all this messaging and content be segmented so that it’s delivered in all the right places and to all the right audiences? Eye Tracking This is certainly not a new feature; Samsung has included eye tracking in its phones for several years, but it’s quickly becoming a very important ingredient in mixed reality headsets. Eye-tracking technology has seen heavy investment from the world’s largest tech companies, including Google (Eyefluence), Apple (Primesense), Facebook (The Eye Tribe), Microsoft (in-house development), and several others. This means MR devices will have the ability to track exactly where and what you are looking at. Machine Learning In addition to understanding where you are looking, a computer’s ability to determine what we are actually looking at is another important factor. [In simple terms, machine learning is when a computer is trained to act based on recognizing patterns rather than being explicitly programmed.] The more examples a computer sees, the better it gets at understanding what it’s seeing. Coupled with advanced computer vision, eye tracking and machine learning are vital ingredients for implementing the next-generation of “visual” search engines. Below is a word cloud taken from a massive dataset that Google and YouTube-8M recently released for developers to help facilitate machine learning capabilities. IoT in mixed reality = the ‘Internet ON Things’   Imagine the ability to look at your dog or cat and instantly activate important information needed to care for your pet. You might learn about nearby veterinarians and dog parks or research and purchase Purina pet supplies straight from Amazon Prime. Data collected will allow further content to be contextual and precisely targeted back to your dog’s breed, age, gender, exercise habits, diet, etc. There will even be content and virtual products that you can hold and interact with through hand gestures within this new search interface. Brand marketing in Visual Search will become incredibly intuitive, establishing personal and emotional connections with consumers like never before. Data collection and ad targeting Brands will collect BIG data within our personal environments. With most recent technological advancements, there are concerns about privacy and the collection of data. What’s being collected, and who knows what about us? Mixed reality will have its share of privacy concerns. Who will initially own and distribute this data is still a big question. Because MR devices work by scanning and mapping our physical spaces, the amounts of data collected within our personal environments will be staggering. Soon marketers and corporations will be able to actually “see” into consumers homes and gather knowledge they can leverage by targeting ads and products with pinpoint accuracy. For example, the baby high chair in the background will likely be indexed and stored as meta-data somewhere in the cloud while you are busy trying out new sofas from a 3D IKEA catalog. When passed off to marketers, that data will let retailers like Target, for example, understand there are young children in your household, paving the way for targeted ads, products, and content options from Gerber, Huggies, Fischer Price, etc. But remember, much of this content can be delivered in a more immersive way, making it desirable and helpful. This type of marketing will be less perceived as spam than today’s web banners and pop-ups. Spam and governance  Brands will now have the ability to leave content waiting for you, sitting on top of real-world objects and locations, similar to Pokémon Go. This can be done through geolocation, or by simply dropping pixels into previously mapped environments so that they can activate 3D experiences and branded content when viewed. Much of the content we engage with through our new MR lenses will be content consumers actually want, so it will be pull-based through interactions with objects and products, becoming valuable to both the advertiser and consumer. But, as with all quality advertising and messaging, there will also be fierce competition by advertisers looking to push as much unwanted messaging directly within your line of sight as possible. Because everything in the world will now become prime real estate for brand marketing, new filters and restrictions will need to be put in place and adhered to in an effort to protect consumers and their privacy. In a recent article, Behance founder and VC investor Scott Belsky offered five predictions for the future of tech (all of which I agree with). He suggests that ad blockers may be a suitable solution for these concerns. He also cites the need for industry governance through a professional association that can establish a clear set of rules and guidelines for advertising within the new world of mixed reality. Brands should start with mobile AR in 2017 While we await further news surrounding advancements and mass market distribution plans for these highly anticipated first-gen MR devices, mobile AR is still the best solution for brands looking to test and learn for the short term. The good news is mobile AR has been around for a number of years, and unbelievable innovation already exists that can be readily implemented at mass scale, with a sizable number of solutions to choose from. Now is a great time for brands to start developing strategies and learning what works with consumers and what doesn’t so they are ready to make the transition and to commit to longer-term investments when the optics market ignites. Keith Curtin is an Entrepreneur, Brand Marketing Executive & Founder of See Digital, a consultancy firm specializing in augmented reality, virtual reality & mixed reality. He has recently been named #1 on Onayltica’s “Augmented Reality Top 100 Brands & Influencers” list. Keith has consulted with hundreds of Fortune 1000 global brands to develop and execute their first augmented reality & mixed reality campaigns including: Coca-Cola, Pepsico, Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Nestle, Kraft Foods, Kellogg’s, Mondelez, Mars Foods, Disney, Nickelodeon, Walmart, Anheuser Busch, Heineken, LVMH, Diageo and many others. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News Casa Systems Demos an Industry First Virtualized Fixed Mobile Convergence Solution at CableLabs Winter Conference 2017 ANDOVER, Mass., Feb. 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Casa Systems, a worldwide leader in next-generation fixed, wireless and Wi-Fi access, today announced it will demonstrate a first-of-its-kind virtualized fixed mobile convergence solution that enables cable service providers to offer a full complement of robust mobile services in addition to fixed offerings to subscribers.  Cable service providers are adopting a myriad of paths to compete for mobile services. Whether activating MVNO agreements, buying licensed spectrum or employing a lightly licensed alternative, competition is increasing between cable service providers and traditional mobile network operators. At CableLabs 2017 Winter Conference, Casa Systems will introduce a virtualized fixed mobile converged solution running on Intel® Xeon® processor based server platforms that allows service providers to bolster their mobile service platform and deliver a better customer experience. This proof of concept featuring the Intel® Puma™ 7 SoC Gateway, will demonstrate a Wi-Fi call powered by Casa’s Distributed Access Architecture (DAA) and AxyomTM common core software solution supporting both fixed and wireless network functions including vCCAP (fixed broadband), ePDG (Wi-Fi) and PGW (mobile) services.   „Casa Systems has a long-standing track record of capitalizing on technology inflections in the cable industry,” said Jerry Guo, CEO of Casa Systems. „This proof of concept furthers our ultra-broadband vision to deliver a full suite of network core solutions and technologies that allow our customers to meet market demands today and in the future.” Casa’s ultra broadband Axyom software framework leverages fixed infrastructure for mobile services and delivers competitive Wi-Fi first services. It is built to deliver optimal performance and flexible deployment of core and edge access functions that free service providers from access dependencies. Based on open source technology, the Axyom solution provides versatility to accommodate deployments where they make the most sense – on-premise, at the metro edge or at a centralized data center. It features a suite of virtual network functions designed to help providers simplify their access networks with a single software architecture that provides security, management simplicity and the ability to provide end users with the highest quality experience. It eliminates inherent performance trade-offs present in many of today’s solutions with a common security framework that is optimized for multi-dimensional scaling. „It is exciting to see that the convergence of wireless and wireline end user access is well underway,” said Dan Rodriguez, Vice President Data Center Group and General Manager of Intel’s Network Platforms Group, Communications Infrastructure Division. „The migration to Intel Architecture including software-based implementations running on industry standard, high volume processors allows service providers to deliver services to their customers more flexibly and cost effectively.” About Casa Systems, Inc. Casa Systems, Inc. is a leading provider of fixed, mobile and Wi-Fi network solutions for ultra-broadband services. As the original supplier of commercially deployed CCAP systems that deliver voice, video, and data over a single port, Casa continues a tradition that brings leading edge solutions to hundreds of service providers around the world. For more information, please visit us at http://www.casa-systems.com. „Intel, Puma and Xeon are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries.”                CONTACT INFORMATION: Alicia Thomas Casa Systems, Inc. 100 Old River Road Andover, Mass. 01810                                    +1.817.909.8921 Alicia.thomas@casa-systems.com                   SOURCE Casa Systems CategoriesUncategorized Tagsdivision, general, Industry, Markets, New Products & Services, service, Technology, Trade Show News, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious BrainStorm CEO to Present at the BIO CEO & Investor Conference Next PostNext Cerritos College Selected for Space Grant Partnership to Enhance STEM Education Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
France 24 - International news 24/7 International News 24/7 Top stories Filter the page : News Wires 24h Videos Videos Shows France Africa Middle east Europe Americas Asia / pacific Sports Business / tech Culture Documentaries In depth Infographics The observers   Don't miss Replay LATEST SHOWS EYE ON AFRICA South Sudan :1.5 million people have fled to neighbouring countries Read more MEDIAWATCH #Schulzexpress: A whole lot of love for Martin Schulz Read more THE WORLD THIS WEEK Trump vs. the Courts, French Payroll Scandals (part 1) Read more THE WORLD THIS WEEK Martin Schulz, Police Brutality in France, Cameroon's Language Divide (part 2) Read more FRANCE IN FOCUS Outsourcing industry: Should it be 'France first'? Read more #TECH 24 The true price of smartphones Read more PEOPLE & PROFIT De-regulating Wall Street: The beginning of the end for Dodd-Frank reforms Read more FOCUS Meeting Syrian refugees left in limbo by Trump's travel ban Read more YOU ARE HERE Behind the scenes at France's Sèvres ceramics workshop Read more All shows COMMENT(S) TV guide  comments TV Guide Donald Trump immigration Google Americas Tech giants Apple, Google file legal brief opposing Trump’s immigration ban Tweet print © AFP Text by FRANCE 24 Follow france24_en on twitter Latest update : 2017-02-06 Several technology giants, including Apple, Google and Microsoft, banded together on Sunday to file a legal brief opposing President Donald Trump's temporary immigration ban, arguing that it "inflicts significant harm on American business". The brief, filed in the US Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit, included other top tech firms including Facebook, Twitter and Intel, as well as non-tech companies such as Levi Strauss and Chobani. In all nearly 100 firms, including eBay, Netflix and Uber signed onto the brief. Trump's temporary immigration ban, the most contentious policy move of his first two weeks in offices, faces crucial legal hurdles. His administration has a deadline on Monday to justify the executive order temporarily barring immigrants from seven mostly Muslim countries and the entry of refugees, after a federal judge in Seattle blocked it with a temporary restraining order on Friday. "The Order represents a significant departure from the principles of fairness and predictability that have governed the immigration system of the United States for more than fifty years," the brief stated. "The Order inflicts significant harm on American business, innovation, and growth as a result," it added. "Immigrants or their children founded more than 200 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list." US tech firms have been among the more vocal sectors speaking out against the policy, with many of its staff made up of foreign-born nationals. Trump in Twitter campaign against court ruling The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco over the weekend denied the Trump administration's request for an immediate stay of the federal judge's temporary restraining order that blocked nationwide the implementation of key parts of the travel ban. But the court said it would reconsider the government's request after receiving more information. The court ruling prompted an ongoing Twitter rant by Trump, who dismissed US District Court Judge James Robart as a "so-called judge" and his decision "ridiculous". Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 4, 2017 Trump renewed his Twitter attacks against Robart on Sunday. "Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!" He followed with another tweet saying he had instructed the Homeland Security Department to check people coming into the country but that "the courts are making the job very difficult!"  (FRANCE with REUTERS and AP) Date created : 2017-02-06 Tweet print USA Trump slams ‘so-called judge’ who issued temporary travel ban Read more USA Trump US immigration ban triggers global backlash Read more USA The story of one resident’s fight to enter the US after immigration ban Read more COMMENT(S) Top stories Trump considers 'brand new order' on travel ban Read more Top IS recruiter Rachid Kassim targeted in US drone strike Read more At least 17 killed in stampede at Angola football stadium Read more A family affair: Nepotism in French politics goes beyond ‘Penelopegate’ Read more Russia halts Assad's army, rebels clash near Syrian town Read more Trump says US committed to Japan’s security Read more Presidential hopeful Macron tells US climate scientists: ‘Come to France’ Read more Sudan temples shed light on ‘secrets of Africa’ Read more French anti-terror arrests thwart ‘imminent attack’ Read more Rose Nathike: S. Sudan athlete’s race for a better life Read more French 'rebel valley' farmer fined for helping migrants Read more 'Iran ready to stand up to US pressure', says adviser to Supreme Leader Read more Live news All the news 09:00 AFP Guggenheim celebrates immigrant roots in age of Trump Read more 08:47 F24 ANGOLA At least 17 killed in stampede at Angola football stadium Read more 08:40 AFP Scott mines Jesus, Elvis in anti-Trump fashion show Read more 08:20 AFP Zhakiyanov survives knockdowns to dethrone Warren Read more All the news The Observers Read more Featured Sorry the easiest word as Fillon rallies Fren... Read more European neighbours help French tourism rebou... Read more In Brussels, as in Paris, far-right party kee... Read more Paris to erect bulletproof wall around Eiffel... Read more 'Allo 'Allo: When French politicians speak En... Read more Everyone’s talking corruption, but ignoring s... Read more News Top stories France Africa Middle East Americas Europe Asia/Pacific Business/Tech Sports Culture Oped On TV France 24 live Accessibility Shows Documentaries Press review Podcasts Beyond the news The Observers Webdocumentaries In depth Mashable FR Online services Newsletters My Account Mobiles / Tablets Connected TV RSS feeds Join the community France 24 on social media Facebook Twitter Google + Dailymotion Youtube Foursquare Soundcloud Watch us on TV About France 24 Press Press kit Advertising Contact us Site map Terms of use © 2017 Copyright France 24 – All rights reserved France 24 is not responsible for the content of external websites search Term Search Filters France Médias Monde The Observers Mashable FR RFI RFI Music Learn French Monte Carlo Doualiya Académie France Médias Monde Watch us on TV Travel Français English عربي Accessibility My account Sign in Presentation Help My profile Presentation Help Logout Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from...{* loginWidget *} With a traditional account...{* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account{* /signInForm *} Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}{* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In Welcome back! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In{* /signInForm *} Use another account Deactivated Account Your account has been deactivated. Email address Not Verified You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email.{* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in.{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* phone *} {* addressCity *} {* addressCountry *} By clicking "Create Account", you confirm that you accept our  terms of service  and have read and understand  privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Sign In{* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* phone *} {* addressCity *} {* addressCountry *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", you confirm that you accept our  terms of service  and have read and understand  privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to  {* emailAddressData *}.  Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password.{* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |}{| moreInfoText |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In{* /signInForm *} Resend Email Verification Thank you for verifiying your email address.{* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. Sign in Change password{* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Close We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one.{* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Edit Your Account Profile Photo {* photoManager *} Linked Accounts {* linkedAccounts *} {* #linkAccountContainer *} Link your accounts Allows you to sign in to your account using that provider in the future. {* loginWidget *}{* /linkAccountContainer *} Password Change Password Deactivate Account Deactivate Account Account Info {* #editProfileModalForm *} Account Info{* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* gender *} {* birthdate *} {* displayName *} {* emailAddress *} {* resendLink *} {* phone *} {* addressStreetAddress1 *} {* addressStreetAddress2 *} {* addressCity *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* addressState *} {* addressCountry *} {* publicPrivate *} {* journalistContact *} {* aboutMe *} {* usernameTwPublic *} {* preferedContactLanguages *} {* arabicUsername *} {* persianUsername *} {* skypeId *} {* usernameTw *} {* journalistContact *} {* publicPrivate *} {* profession *} Subscribe to newsletters {* newsMenu *} {* optinalert *} {* optinBestofWeek *} {* optinBestofWEnd *} {* optinBestofObs *} {* newsMenuEn *} {* optinalertEn *} {* optinBestofWeekEn *} {* optinBestofWEndEn *} {* optinBestofObsEn *} {* newsMenuAr *} {* optinalertAr *} {* optinBestofWeekAr *} {* optinBestofWEndAr *} {* optinBestofObsAr *} {* optinQuotidienne *} {* optinBreaking *} {* optinAutopromo *} {* optinPartenaires *} {* optinActuMonde *} {* optinActuAfrique *} {* optinAlert *} {* optinRfiAfriqueFootFr *} {* optinMfi *} {* optinActuMusique *} {* optinOffreRfi *} {* optinOffrePartenaire *} {* savedProfileMessage *}{* /editProfileModalForm *} Change password{* #changePasswordForm *} {* currentPassword *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordForm *} Deactivate your Account Are you sure you want to deactivate your account? You will no longer have access to your profile.{* deactivateAccountForm *} No{* /deactivateAccountForm *}
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Casa Systems Demos an Industry First Virtualized Fixed Mobile Convergence Solution at CableLabs Winter Conference 2017 News provided by Casa Systems Feb 06, 2017, 07:00 ET Share this article ANDOVER, Mass., Feb. 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Casa Systems, a worldwide leader in next-generation fixed, wireless and Wi-Fi access, today announced it will demonstrate a first-of-its-kind virtualized fixed mobile convergence solution that enables cable service providers to offer a full complement of robust mobile services in addition to fixed offerings to subscribers.  Cable service providers are adopting a myriad of paths to compete for mobile services. Whether activating MVNO agreements, buying licensed spectrum or employing a lightly licensed alternative, competition is increasing between cable service providers and traditional mobile network operators. At CableLabs 2017 Winter Conference, Casa Systems will introduce a virtualized fixed mobile converged solution running on Intel® Xeon® processor based server platforms that allows service providers to bolster their mobile service platform and deliver a better customer experience. This proof of concept featuring the Intel® Puma™ 7 SoC Gateway, will demonstrate a Wi-Fi call powered by Casa's Distributed Access Architecture (DAA) and AxyomTM common core software solution supporting both fixed and wireless network functions including vCCAP (fixed broadband), ePDG (Wi-Fi) and PGW (mobile) services.   "Casa Systems has a long-standing track record of capitalizing on technology inflections in the cable industry," said Jerry Guo, CEO of Casa Systems. "This proof of concept furthers our ultra-broadband vision to deliver a full suite of network core solutions and technologies that allow our customers to meet market demands today and in the future." Casa's ultra broadband Axyom software framework leverages fixed infrastructure for mobile services and delivers competitive Wi-Fi first services. It is built to deliver optimal performance and flexible deployment of core and edge access functions that free service providers from access dependencies. Based on open source technology, the Axyom solution provides versatility to accommodate deployments where they make the most sense – on-premise, at the metro edge or at a centralized data center. It features a suite of virtual network functions designed to help providers simplify their access networks with a single software architecture that provides security, management simplicity and the ability to provide end users with the highest quality experience. It eliminates inherent performance trade-offs present in many of today's solutions with a common security framework that is optimized for multi-dimensional scaling. "It is exciting to see that the convergence of wireless and wireline end user access is well underway," said Dan Rodriguez, Vice President Data Center Group and General Manager of Intel's Network Platforms Group, Communications Infrastructure Division. "The migration to Intel Architecture including software-based implementations running on industry standard, high volume processors allows service providers to deliver services to their customers more flexibly and cost effectively." About Casa Systems, Inc. Casa Systems, Inc. is a leading provider of fixed, mobile and Wi-Fi network solutions for ultra-broadband services. As the original supplier of commercially deployed CCAP systems that deliver voice, video, and data over a single port, Casa continues a tradition that brings leading edge solutions to hundreds of service providers around the world. For more information, please visit us at http://www.casa-systems.com. "Intel, Puma and Xeon are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries."                CONTACT INFORMATION: Alicia Thomas Casa Systems, Inc. 100 Old River Road Andover, Mass. 01810                                    +1.817.909.8921 Alicia.thomas@casa-systems.com                   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/casa-systems-demos-an-industry-first-virtualized-fixed-mobile-convergence-solution-at-cablelabs-winter-conference-2017-300401180.html SOURCE Casa Systems Related Links http://www.casa-systems.com Dec 07, 2016, 08:30 ET Preview: Mediacom Communications Expands Deployment of Casa Systems C100G CCAP Preparing Its Broadband Network to be Gigabit-Ready by Year-End My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Dec 07, 2016, 08:30 ETMediacom Communications Expands Deployment of Casa Systems C100G... Sep 26, 2016, 09:00 ETCasa Systems Unveils Virtual CCAP for Distributed Access at SCTE... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Consumer Electronics Mobile Entertainment Wireless Communications New Products & Services You just read: Casa Systems Demos an Industry First Virtualized Fixed Mobile Convergence Solution at CableLabs Winter Conference 2017 News provided by Casa Systems Feb 06, 2017, 07:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Don't Miss: CW@50: A look back at Y2K in cartoons 5 new threats to your personal data Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Drive cloning in Windows 10 with free tools The IT-business gap remains 10 ways tech pros can take charge of their professional development Review: Microsoft's Nano Server offers mega advantages More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home IT Management IT Industry News Key tech companies oppose Trump immigration order in court Companies like Apple, Google and Facebook say their operations will be impacted by the executive order of Jan. 27 By John Ribeiro | Follow Bangalore Correspondent, IDG News Service | Feb 6, 2017 4:03 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Magdalena Petrova More like this Amazon, Expedia tell U.S. court Trump immigration order affects business Tech stance against immigration ban aims to protect employees Trump's ban becomes an H-1B fight Video Smart Cities: Montreal Google, Facebook, Intel, Netflix, Microsoft, Apple and Twitter are among a large group of companies that have filed a brief in opposition to an immigration order by President Donald Trump, citing the benefits to industry from liberal immigration rules and the disruption to business as a result of the regulation. A total of 97 companies from technology and other sectors asked permission late Sunday from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit to file an amici curiae, also known as a friends-of-the-court brief, in favor of maintaining a restraining order from a lower court on Trump’s decision that restricts the entry of certain classes of visitors from seven Muslim-majority countries. "Immigrants are among our leading entrepreneurs, politicians, artists, and philanthropists," according to the filing, which stated that in the past the U.S. has maintained its commitment to welcoming immigrants, while also protecting the country through increased background checks and other controls on people seeking to enter the country. [ Further reading: Trump immigration ban means a war with tech ] The executive order signed by Trump on Jan. 27 suspended for 90 days entry into the U.S. of immigrants and non-immigrants from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen, leading to a storm of criticism, including from the tech industry. Tech companies see the restrictions as the first in a number of curbs planned by the Trump administration on the entry to the U.S. of skilled workers the industry relies on, including probably a tighter H-1B visa program. Trump's executive order was challenged by Washington State Attorney General Bob Ferguson, who asked the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Washington to invalidate parts of the executive order for a number of reasons, including that it discriminates in the issuance of immigrant visas on the basis of race, nationality, place of birth, or place of residence. District Court Senior Judge James L. Robart granted Friday a temporary restraining order on the travel restrictions, which the federal government asked the appeals court to stay through an emergency motion. [ To comment on this story, visit Computerworld's Facebook page. ] Trump’s executive order “hinders the ability of American companies to attract great talent; increases costs imposed on business; makes it more difficult for American firms to compete in the international market- place; and gives global enterprises a new, significant incentive to build operations -- and hire new employees -- outside the United States,” according to the filing by the tech industry on Sunday. The tech companies said they were also concerned that the executive order had said that the number of countries covered could be extended under certain conditions, generating considerable uncertainty for companies and their employees. The tech companies join Amazon.com and Expedia who had earlier filed declarations in the District Court, claiming that the recent immigration order is disrupting their business and affecting employees. The appeals court has refused the government an immediate stay and instead asked the Washington state government to file its opposition brief Sunday to be followed by the federal government’s response by 3:00 p.m. PST on Monday. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: IT Industry Technology Law & Regulation Daily Briefing John Ribeiro covers outsourcing and general technology breaking news from India for the IDG News Service. Prices still climbing for enterprise mobility management software You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Popular Resources White Paper 2015 Latin American Mid-Market Enterprise Communications Platforms Growth Excellence Leadership Award Research/Infographic Sponsored 4 Steps to E-Rate Simplification Research/Infographic Sponsored 5 Ways Cloud Changes Everything Video/Webcast Sponsored Best Practices in Managing Digital Media Rights for the Connected World White Paper Big Data, Bad Data, Good Data: The Link Between Information Governance and Big Data Outcomes Go Top Stories Ford to invest $1B in A.I. startup toward self-driving cars Ford plans to invest $1 billion over the next five years in Argo AI, an artificial intelligence startup... Trump eyes end to an H-1B system that favors largest outsourcers The companies most hurt by the random H-1B distribution system are those that submit only a few... Review: Samsung Chromebook Pro brings touch computing up a notch The Samsung Chromebook Pro is a convertible laptop/tablet that comes with an excellent touch display... How to root out bias in your data Analytics is a top priority for savvy CIOs. But if implicit biases are hiding under the surface of your... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. KitGuru The KitGuru System Home News Reviews Gaming Lifestyle Mobile Professional Forum Home / Channel / General Tech / Intel drones were behind Lady Gaga Superbowl half-time show Intel drones were behind Lady Gaga Superbowl half-time show Jon Martindale 5 days ago General Tech Our cousins across the pond celebrated their biggest ‘football’ event this weekend and that means that the internet has largely ignored the results and spent a lot of time talking about the entertainment offered elsewhere during the game. The half-time show, for example, featured singer Lady Gaga doing her thing, but made use of as many as 300 Intel drones for a coordinated light show as her backdrop. Perhaps it’s because American football doesn’t have an enormous fan base outside of its home country and that everyone knows how to enjoy a song, but Superbowl half-time entertainment has made far more headlines in recent years than the game itself; whether it’s a middle finger or a nipple. No doubt Intel knew that when it hopped on board with this year’s show. Source: Intel The drones used in the show were Intel’s Shooting Stars, which have previously been used in light shows by the Disney company. They provided a colourful formation flight as a backdrop for Lady Gaga’s show, before coalescing into an American flag to close it out. An opportunity was taken for a quick advert spot too, with the drones forming the Pepsi logo at one point. The Intel drones are specifically designed with this sort of show in mind. They are unmanned and are built to be safe for mass use and follow pre-designed routines using their quad-rotors for propulsion. Featuring large, LED lights they can display millions of different colour combinations and can be programmed to create all sorts of static images and animations. Discuss on our Facebook page, HERE. KitGuru Says: I want to see how far these sorts of light shows can be taken. How many drones can you conceivably put in a light display like this? Thousands? Tens of thousands? The coordination would be massively complex, but I’d be interested to see how this could be used as an alternative to fireworks. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags Drones Gaga half-time Light Show news superbowl Previous South Korea tightens battery rules after Samsung Note 7 issues Next Google, Facebook to combat fake-news during French election Check Also Fire prone Samsung batteries caused a fire in its manufacturing plant The facility at Samsung SDI which produced some of the batteries for the Note 7 smartphone … Polls Which system memory next? Corsair Crucial G.Skill Geil HyperX Patriot Samsung Other View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Archives Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010  Contact Us © Copyright 2017, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved
Co-Sponsor Associate Sponsor Home India Elections Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Politics Latest News Immersive Gossip Compare India Hockey League News18 Movie Awards 2017 Home India Elections Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Elections Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Politics Latest NewsImmersiveGossipCompare IndiaHockey LeagueNews18 Movie Awards 2017 Latest News Immersive Gossip Compare India Hockey League News18 Movie Awards 2017 Apple, Google, Microsoft And Others File Legal Brief Opposing Trump's Immigration Ban Bitcoin Trading Takes a Hit Under Chinese Government's Scrutiny You May Spot a Green Comet Pass by Earth in Few Days New Horizons Spacecraft Healthy After Hiccup, Says NASA News18 » Tech 1-min read Apple, Google, Microsoft And Others File Legal Brief Opposing Trump's Immigration Ban Reuters First published: February 6, 2017, 5:19 PM IST | Updated: 4 days ago The brief, filed in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit, included other top tech firms including Facebook, Twitter and Intel, as well as non-tech companies such as Levi Strauss and Chobani. In all nearly 100 firms, including eBay, Netflix and Uber signed onto the brief. (Image: Reuters) Several technology giants, including Apple, Google and Microsoft, banded together on Sunday to file a legal brief opposing President Donald Trump's temporary immigration ban, arguing that it "inflicts significant harm on American business." The brief, filed in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit, included other top tech firms including Facebook, Twitter and Intel, as well as non-tech companies such as Levi Strauss and Chobani. In all nearly 100 firms, including eBay, Netflix and Uber signed onto the brief. Also read: Top 5 Android Smartphones Under Rs 15,000 We Reviewed Recently Trump's temporary immigration ban, the most contentious policy move of his first two weeks in offices, faces crucial legal hurdles. His administration has a deadline on Monday to justify the executive order temporarily barring immigrants from seven mostly Muslim countries and the entry of refugees, after a federal judge in Seattle blocked it with a temporary restraining order on Friday. "The Order represents a significant departure from the principles of fairness and predictability that have governed the immigration system of the United States for more than fifty years," the brief stated. Also read: TCS CEO Natarajan Chandrasekaran Skips RBI Pre-note Ban Meet "The Order inflicts significant harm on American business, innovation, and growth as a result," it added. "Immigrants or their children founded more than 200 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list." U.S. tech firms have been among the more vocal sectors speaking out against the policy, with many of its staff made up of foreign-born nationals. The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco over the weekend denied the Trump administration's request for an immediate stay of the federal judge's temporary restraining order that blocked nationwide the implementation of key parts of the travel ban. But the court said it would reconsider the government's request after receiving more information. Apple donald trump Google immigration ban Recommended For You New 2017 Hyundai Grand i10 Review: It's Not Going to Be Easy for Ignis Naam Shabana Trailer: Taapsee- Akshay Kumar Starrer Looks Thrilling Virat Kohli & Wriddhiman Saha: The New Masters of DRS SRK, Aamir Khan Click Their Very First Picture Together and It's Classic Apple AirPods Review: Contrary To Popular Belief, They are Just Brilliant About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News K Pandiarajan: Minister Who Jumped Ship to Rattle Chinnamma's Camp Ghost Villages of Uttarakhand Wait For Electoral Promises Ritz Paris, Andrew Fairlie Crowned 'Grandes Tables du Monde' For 2017 Tamil Nadu Education Minister Pandiarajan Joins Panneerselvam Avengers: Infinity War Behind The Scene Teaser is Here and It Has Everything That We Expected! Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Pakistan Today 15 New Articles today February 11, 2017 Is Lady Gaga dating her agent? Sharjeel Khan allegedly received Rs 20 lakh for stopping two balls Hrithik trolls Tommy Hilfiger on Twitter Mohammad Irfan not facing immediate suspension: PSL Chairman PSL fixing scandal investigation expands, 10 more players being investigated PSL fixing scandal: Imran Khan slams PSL chairman, calls him ‘election fixer’ Chinese soldier Wang Qi to visit home after 50 years in India Streaming revolution takes over Grammys Sharjeel Khan has done nothing wrong, says father KJo feels ‘terrible’ about ADHM apology video I’m not just a pretty face: Sushmita Sen Debenhams will become first major department store to sell hijabs from May Indian BSF soldier Tej Bahadur has 500 Facebook friends from Pakistan Pakistani teenager ranks third in the world’s ‘highest earning gamer’ list How algorithms (secretly) run the world DW Focus Headlines City Karachi Lahore Islamabad National Business Foreign Entertainment Sports Comment Editorials Columns Whites lies Cartoons Editor’s mail E-Paper Lahore Karachi Islamabad Paperazzi DNA Features Trending Is Lady Gaga dating her agent? - 3 mins ago Sharjeel Khan allegedly received Rs 20 lakh for stopping two balls - 10 mins ago Hrithik trolls Tommy Hilfiger on Twitter - 19 mins ago Mohammad Irfan not facing immediate suspension: PSL Chairman - 34 mins ago PSL fixing scandal investigation expands, 10 more players being investigated - 54 mins ago 97 tech giants are suing Trump for immigration ban  ForeignFebruary 6, 2017 BY Monitoring Report Alphabet, Google, Apple, Facebook, Microsoft, Twitter, Intel and 90 other technology companies have filed a legal brief opposing Trump’s immigration ban on the grounds that it will harm companies’ business. Donald Trump won the Presidential election in November 2016. He held the office as President of the United States a couple of weeks ago and immediately banned Muslim immigrants in the US. There have been many protests globally against the ban orders. The ban will also affect world’s leading tech companies as they’ve employees from all over the world and it will be difficult for businesses to recruit and hire more talent. It will threaten the stability and competitiveness of American companies. The uncertainties will have an adverse impact on employees as well as the global marketplace. The lawsuit titled “Motion for leave to file brief of technology companies and other businesses as amicus curiae in support of appellees” was filed in Washington court on Sunday 5, 2017. Share this on WhatsApp Related posts Trump’s border wall would cost $21.6 billion: report In setback for Trump, judges reject travel ban Live stream of alleged gang-rape shocks Sweden Headlines Is Lady Gaga dating her agent? Sharjeel Khan allegedly received Rs 20 lakh for stopping two balls Hrithik trolls Tommy Hilfiger on Twitter Mohammad Irfan not facing immediate suspension: PSL Chairman PSL fixing scandal investigation expands, 10 more players being investigated PSL fixing scandal: Imran Khan slams PSL chairman, calls him ‘election fixer’ Chinese soldier Wang Qi to visit home after 50 years in India Streaming revolution takes over Grammys Sharjeel Khan has done nothing wrong, says father KJo feels ‘terrible’ about ADHM apology video Tags China Court Cricket Ecp Gilani Government Govt Health Imran Khan India Iran Islamabad Karachi Killed Lahore Lhc Mqm Musharraf Nab Nato Nawaz Nawaz Sharif New Obama Pakistan Pcb PM PML-N Police Power Ppp Protest Pti Punjab Russia Sc Security Sindh Syria Taliban Terrorism Un US Violence Zardari Pakistan Today Foreign 97 tech giants are suing Trump for immigration ban  Site index Pages Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Apps Android iPhone 4 iPhone 5 iPad BlackBerry Social Twitter Facebook Google+ "Dedicated to the legacy of the late Hameed Nizami" Arif Nizami (Editor) 4-Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, Lahore Ph: +92 42 36375963-5 Fax: 042-36298302 Ph: +92 51 2287273 Islamabad, Ph: +92 21 35381208-9 Karachi Email: editorial@pakistantoday.com.pk Powered by: Mindblaze Technologies High Performance Product Development Top
Photos Videos Topics Live BAN 250/6 (74.5) - IND 687/6 (166) Live SL 296/8 (50) - SA 384/6 (50) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Rahul Gandhi Sasikala Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Raees Home Sci/Tech How to: Convert an old PC into a home video streaming box Openelec is a free media-centric operating system that enables you to take control of your movies, TV shows, music and photos. Shares12 Marco D'Souza | Mon, 6 Feb 2017-04:32pm , Mumbai , DNA Use a powerful and free software called Openelec to help you take control of all your movies and TV shows. Even with Netflix and Amazon Prime offering plenty of good video, many users still rely on their own collections of movies and TV shows stored on a computer or external hard disk. These files often end up scattered across locations, resulting in a sprawl of media that winds up becoming impossible to track. Not anymore -- by using a powerful, free media-centric OS called Openelec, you can repurpose any old laptop, desktop (or even one of those palm-sized Raspberry Pi devices) as a dedicated media server. You’ll be able to view all of your media in a visual showcase, complete with album art, artiste information, access to trailers and more -- all from the comfort of your sofa. Here’s how to install Openelec on an old Intel/AMD laptop or desktop you might have lying around. Step 1: Using your primary computer, head over to the Openelec website and download the stable release of Openelec for your relevant platform -- for a laptop or desktop it will be the ‘x80 Generic Intel/AMD/Nvidia build’. Step 2: Extract the file you downloaded using a program like 7zip. Step 3: Insert a USB drive or SD card into your computer--Openelec OS will be installed to this device (remember it will erase the original contents.) Run a program like Win32DiskImager or Rufus USB Image Writer, select the Image file you extracted and specify the target drive letter for the USB/SD card to write the image to the drive. Step 4: After the write process completes, remove the USB/SD card and insert it into the system you’ll be using as your media server. When starting the computer, ensure that the boot sequence prioritizes the USB drive -- you may need to set this in BIOS by hitting ‘Del’ during startup. Step 5: Now follow the on-screen instructions as Openelec formats the target drive and installs Openelec on the computer. When complete, reboot the system remembering to remove the USB drive you used to set it up. Openelec should now load, going through the initial setup screens -- remember you can even select shared folders on the network the computer is connected to. When complete, you should now have a full-fledged media server running. Remember to install ‘Kore’ or the ‘Official Kodi Remote’ for Android and iOS phones respectively, enabling you to control your your Openelec box right from your phone. For more detailed information on setting up and installing Openelec on your computer, refer to these resources. Marco D'Souza Info Marco is an inveterate geek. His other roles include photographer, writer and dad (though not necessarily in that order). He’s also the editor of technology-based content at the Zee Media Corporation. His idea of downtime? A freewheeling chat on the latest personal technology trend, or heading outdoors with his DSLR in sling. TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech 3 excellent mobile games to calm your mind Sci/Tech Heard the term Blockchain? Before it changes your life, here's what you need to know Sci/Tech Shawna Pandya clears the air on rumours of space travel Sci/Tech WhatsApp steps up user security, begins rolling out two-step verification Sci/Tech Latest Windows 10 build teases new features, design tweaks Sci/Tech Watch: New Sony sensor offers super slow motion for smartphones Video WATCH: Priyanka Chopra says "Bollywood has been reduced to a Zumba class" Watch: This video urges you to stop asking women to cover up Shocking: Man climbs fence to avoid paying zoo ticket, gets mauled to death by tiger View all Tags Openelec Media Center movie management software home theater Home Media organise home video free os Kodi tech how to SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Special children: Govt, civil society should join hands Akhilesh, Rahul release 10-pt common minimum programme for UP Iraq won't take part in regional conflict, Abadi says after Trump phone call Three arrested for conspiring and selling prime plot Minor fire breaks out at Tata Memorial Hospital in Parel Sport Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe Golf-Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe "The timing could not have been better. A lot of quality Golf-Willett on target for first win since U.S. Masters triumph Star-packed North favourites to lift T20 inter-zonals Entertainment 'Kaabil' director Sanjay Gupta begins work on his next! Varun mum on Govinda's remarks on father David Dhawan WATCH: Robert Downey Jr, Chris Pratt & Tom Holland on day 1 of 'Avengers: Infinity War' shoot Akshay Kumar's 'Crack' SHELVED or not? Director Neeraj Pandey BREAKS SILENCE on his delayed film Box Office: Akshay Kumar's 'Jolly LLB 2' takes 2nd BIGGEST opening of 2017! Money Copper, nickel strengthen on global cues, firm demand ICRA's Board approves buyback of its equity shares from open market through stock exchange Kirana: Select spices, led by black pepper and jeera, In New York Comex trade, gold for delivery in April Bullion: Gold prices maintained its bullishness for Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Computer  |  Features  | CES 2017: Asus Announces ROG GT51CH Gaming PC With Windows 10 OS CES 2017: Asus Announces ROG GT51CH Gaming PC With Windows 10 OS Asus unveils ROG GT51CH Gaming PC at CES 2017. By: Sneha Saha Published: Wednesday, January 4, 2017, 13:29 [IST] The hottest topic of discussion in the tech world today is CES 2017. At the global consumer electronics and consumer technology tradeshow 2017, most tech giants showcase their flagships and announce other products. Leading the race, Asus, the Taiwanese-based company today announced a new powerhouse gaming PC at CES 2017 today, namely the Republic Of Gamers (ROG) GT51CH. So, if you have a keen interest to opt for a new gaming desktop, Asus ROG GT51CH is a good option, reveals report. Adding on to its line of gaming tower computers, Asus unveils ROG GT51CH desktop, which is expected to run on Windows 10 operating system and might come packed with 7th generation Intel Core i7 Processor and SLI'd GeForce GTX 1080. Well, the gaming PC will supposedly come with a wide range of other new features. Let's check all the features in details. The newly announced Asus desktop is designed using the NVIDA SLI Technology, which allows the user to add two different graphic cards at the same time. Moving ahead, Asus' ROG GT51CH gaming PC also sports Aegis III application, a ROG-exclusive which let the user provide huge performance boost to the system and easily overclick the desktop's processor, graphics card as well as the memory settings. Adding on, Asus in an official statement asserts that they use Intel XMP technology that help the users to adjust the system memory and boost the PC performance by up to 17%. SEE ALSO: Acer CES 2017 Roundup: The Atrocious Predator 21X, Eye-Tracking Monitors, are the Highlights The Asus ROG GT51CH will also bear an Intel Z270 chipset with a Kaby Lake Intel Core i7-7700K processor, 3 terabytes of SATA 6Gbps HDD storage, along with options for additional SSDs, which includes RAID 0 M.2 SSDs. The specs don't just end here, as the gaming computer is designed with ASUS Aura lighting effects system which lits the central air intake and motherboard with mounted LEDs. However, the user will be able to customize the setting and chose the LED color light they chose to put, from the wide range of different colors range available.  Although the Taiwanese based firm unveiled the features that the new Asus gaming PC might come packed with, the company officials didn't mention a word about the availability and the price of the device. However, if certain media reports are to be believed, Asus will be launching the ROG GT51CH desktop by the second quarter of 2017. Source Click Here for New Smartphones Best Online Deals ASUS X53SC-SX536D/2nd Gen Ci5/4 GB/750 GB/1GB graphics/DOS Asus 1015CX-BLK011W Laptop (2nd Gen Atom Dual Core/ 1GB/ 320GB/ Linux) Specifications Specifications Read More About asus | pc | desktop | CES 2017 | news Other articles published on Jan 4, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Galaxy S7 edge explodes while Samsung is prepping to launch Galaxy S8 Tired of spam emails? Try these services to create temporary, disposable email addresses Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro up for pre-orders: Alternative smartphones with 6GB RAM Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Draft guidelines on digital payments soon, says Ravi Shankar Prasad Xiaomi releases MIUI 8 Global Beta ROM 7.2.9 update Amazon Echo with Alexa AI assistant to launch in India soon Gionee A1 and A1 Plus launch set for February 27 Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 smartphone spotted online again Moto G5 Plus live images hit the web showing metal body at its rear Kumar Mangalam Birla is likely to head the new entity BlackBerry sends out MWC 2017 press invites for February 25 BHIM app already has over 14 million registrations, says IT Minister Xiaomi builds its own Pinecone SoC; ditches Qualcomm and MediaTek Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Asus Zenfone 3S MaxIntex Aqua Amaze PlusSwipe Elite PowerVivo V5 PlusXiaomi Redmi Note 4Lava A55Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace (G532G)Lenovo P2Samsung Galaxy J1 4GXOLO Era 2XLYF Water 7SLava X19Videocon Virat V3BCAsus ZenFone Go (ZB500KL)iBall 2.4H Supremo B3 Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Computer  |  News  | The New Asus Chromebook Flip is a Premium Hybrid Machine The New Asus Chromebook Flip is a Premium Hybrid Machine The latest iteration of Chromebook Flip by Asus is a premium hybrid with a 12.5-inch Full HD multi-touch display that can rotate 360 degrees. By: Rohit Arora Updated: Thursday, January 5, 2017, 9:45 [IST] Asus has announced the latest iteration of its Chromebook Flip which brings some noticeable updates in terms of design, hardware and features. The new Chromebook Flip flaunts a 12.5-inch Full HD multi-touch display that rotates 360 degrees to offer tablet-PC functionality, making it a hybrid machine for users who are looking for a portable but feature-loaded computing machine. SEE ALSO: Asus Zenfone 3 Zoom is the Company's Take on Dual Camera Space Asus Chromebook Flip will come in two variants, one featuring Intel's M3 CPU paired with 4GB/8GB RAM, and the other packing Intel's M7 processor paired with 4GB/8GB to take care of multitasking. As far as storage is concerned, consumers will be able to choose between 32/64/128 GB storage variants. SEE ALSO: Industry's First Tango and Daydream Ready Smartphone, Asus Zenfone AR Goes Official at the CES 2017 With the new Chromebook Flip, Asus wants to tap on the higher end of the market that demands performance and style. The new Chromebook Flip weighs less than 1.2 kg and is 13.7mm thick. The 360-degree hinge that supports the full HD display allows you to use the hybrid machine in several modes including tent Mode, tablet mode, stand mode and as a full-fledged laptop.The new Chromebook Flip has two fast USB 3.1 Type-C ports, one microSD card reader and a 3.5mm headset jack. As far as connectivity is concerned, the new hybrid machine has 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.2. SEE ALSO: CES 2017: This Sticker Can Add Wireless Charging to Any Smartphone or Tablet Asus Chromebook FLip is backed by a 39 Wh battrey that as per ASUS promises up to 10 hours of battery life. The chromebook runs Chrome OS, which gives access to a plethora of Chrome apps in the Web Store, and also let users install the Android apps from the Play Store. Asus Chromebook Flip is priced at $499 for the base variant in th US market. Asus has not mentioned anything about the global availability of the hybrid machine, but we expect the Taiwanese tech giant to make an announcement soon. Read More About pc | news | CES 2017 | technology | mobiles | asus Story first published: Thursday, January 5, 2017, 9:37 [IST] Other articles published on Jan 5, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Motorola Moto Z with Android 7.1.1 Nougat spotted on Geekbench Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro up for pre-orders: Alternative smartphones with 6GB RAM Nokia to buy Comptel for $370 million to strengthen its software arm Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Draft guidelines on digital payments soon, says Ravi Shankar Prasad Xiaomi releases MIUI 8 Global Beta ROM 7.2.9 update Amazon Echo with Alexa AI assistant to launch in India soon Gionee A1 and A1 Plus launch set for February 27 Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 smartphone spotted online again Moto G5 Plus live images hit the web showing metal body at its rear Kumar Mangalam Birla is likely to head the new entity BlackBerry sends out MWC 2017 press invites for February 25 BHIM app already has over 14 million registrations, says IT Minister Xiaomi builds its own Pinecone SoC; ditches Qualcomm and MediaTek Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Asus Zenfone 3S MaxIntex Aqua Amaze PlusSwipe Elite PowerVivo V5 PlusXiaomi Redmi Note 4Lava A55Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace (G532G)Lenovo P2Samsung Galaxy J1 4GXOLO Era 2XLYF Water 7SLava X19Videocon Virat V3BCAsus ZenFone Go (ZB500KL)iBall 2.4H Supremo B3 Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Feb 11, 3:59 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology ‘Mobius Final Fantasy’ PC Requirements Revealed: What You Need To Run Square Enix’s Free-To-Play RPG By Mike Luces On 02/06/17 AT 5:58 AM Close As promised, “Mobius Final Fantasy” arrived on Steam this Monday, Feb. 6, more than a week after it was announced that the PC version of the free-to-download mobile game is launching early February. For interested players, the system requirements to run Square Enix’s free-to-play RPG on PC have also been revealed. As stated on its own Steam page, the minimum OS requirement for the RPG is listed as Windows 7 with 64-bit architecture. Windows 8.1 and Windows 10 — both 64-bit only — are also recommended for this game. When it comes to processors, the game works well with Intel Core 2 Quad 2.66GHz or higher and Core i5 2.4GHz or higher. A dual-core 1.6GHz Intel or AMD processor would also suffice. Graphics-wise, Nvidia GeForce GTX 460 series or GeForce GTX 750 or higher as well as ATI Radeon HD 5770 512MB or higher are recommended. The minimum requirement, on the other hand, is the Nvidia GeForce 8800 GT or the GeForce GT 240. The ATI Radeon HD 4770 512MB is also acceptable. “Mobius Final Fantasy” works best when the computer has 3 GB of RAM, but 2 GB is still doable. Related Stories Director Updates Status Of 'Kingdom Hearts 3,' 'Final Fantasy VII Remake' Ariana Grande 'In Love' With New 'Touch It' Arrangement For Mobile Game 'Final Fantasy XV' Leak Reveals Cut Multiplayer, Luna Story & More Square Enix indicated that the game requires 10 GB of space and a DirectSound-compatible sound card. The Japanese developer and publisher pointed out as well that the new game does not have support for touchscreen input devices as of this time. Unlike the mobile version, the PC game has higher resolution. It is even compatible with 4K resolution screens and performs well with 60 frames-per-second. As for the gameplay, players won’t find changes at all because the PC version has the same gameplay as the one found on the mobile RPG. In fact, saved data on the mobile game can be carried over to the Steam variant, as per Eurogamer. Meanwhile, Square Enix has already announced the crossover event between “Final Fantasy VII Remake” and “Mobius Final Fantasy.” The crossover is set to happen on Tuesday, Feb. 7, and there is already confirmation that the powerful Sephiroth will be making an appearance, as reported by RPG Fan. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business US Companies Continue Moving Jobs To Mexico Despite the threats of a 35 percent tariff, American companies are moving forward to lay off hundreds of US jobs. Technology Leaked Branding Hints At Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus A popular tech informant has shared the name of one of the Galaxy S8 models. World Snowden Says Report Proves He Never Spied For Russia Edward Snowden, who was given refuge in Russia in 2013, is facing espionage charges in the U.S. for leaking documents about secret mass surveillance programs. National Dossier On Trump-Russia Ties Gaining Credibility: Report While people didn't take the documents seriously when they first came to light, a large number are reassessing their stance following Trump’s stand on Russia during his campaign. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 33633 137 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Hyundai's 'live' commercial puts deployed soldiers at Super Bowl with families The greatest comeback in Super Bowl history ended in overtime. How could it get better than that? Post to Facebook Hyundai's 'live' commercial puts deployed soldiers at Super Bowl with families The greatest comeback in Super Bowl history ended in overtime. How could it get better than that?  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kDF4RW {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Hyundai's 'live' commercial puts deployed soldiers at Super Bowl with families Erik Brady , USA TODAY Sports Published 12:00 a.m. ET Feb. 6, 2017 | Updated 5:14 a.m. ET Feb. 6, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Hyundai's post-Super Bowl ad pays tribute to the troops and their families. USA TODAY Sports Hyundai's "live" Super Bowl ad gave deployed U.S. soldiers inside the game experience with their families at their side. (Photo: Hyundai) 33633 CONNECTTWEET 137 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE The greatest comeback in Super Bowl history ended in overtime. How could it get better than that? And then it did. You could see it in the faces of three soldiers serving overseas who got to see the game — and, in a virtual sort of way, their families — by way of world-bending, whiz-bang technology. The 90-second Hyundai ad that ran in the so-called “post-gun” slot just after the game ended was a heart-tugging TV first. The game plan on how to pull it off was as intricate and secretive as the game plans of the teams in the game. USA TODAY Watch all the 2017 Super Bowl commercials Hyundai threw a Super Bowl party at a U.S. Military Base in Zagan, Poland, with big-screen TVs and food and drink. Three soldiers from the 4th Infantry Division – Sgt. Richard Morrill, SPC Erik Guerrero and Cpl. Trista Strauch – were selected by the military to watch the game in a special way: They watched the game in individual 360-degree immersive pods that made them feel as if they were in Hyundai’s luxury box at NRG Stadium. What they didn’t know was that their families would be in the box and they would feel as if they were right there with them. When something like the Super Bowl comes up, it kind of reinforces that homesickness” that soldiers feel overseas, said Peter Berg, the Hollywood director who helmed the spot. “People wish they were home. People associate the Super Bowl with family and being with family.” Berg spoke to USA TODAY Sports on Friday. Executives of Hyundai and the ad agency that produced the spot also spoke with us ahead of time, all under the condition that we not publish until after the ad ran so as not to spoil the surprise for viewers and, especially, the three soldiers. "No one can get enough of the military surprising their loved ones” when they come home from overseas, said Eric Springer, chief creative officer of the ad agency Innocean USA. “We see that all the time. What we’ve never seen, (or at least) what we couldn’t find, was any soldier who was surprised by their loved ones.” ‘LIKE BEING THERE’  The immersive pods, which look from the outside like above-ground swimming pools, allowed the soldiers to feel as if they were with their families. In the stadium box, a camouflage-clad teddy bear representing each soldier housed a 360-degree camera that allowed each soldier to feel as if he or she was sitting where their bear sat. And the bears held video screens where families could see their loved ones. "We thought this was the best and most advanced way to feel like being there without being there,” said Dean Evans, Hyundai’s chief marketing officer. "It’s not virtual reality,” Springer said. “It’s not something that’s ever been used before or seen before.” The soldiers entered their own pods and once the doors closed found themselves in complete darkness until the pods morphed into the luxury box and they suddenly found themselves seated among their loved ones, at least virtually. The looks on their faces as they saw their families, and their families saw them, was poignantly joyous. "It is as if we transported the soldier from the pod directly to the Super Bowl,” Springer said. “To pull all this off, we couldn’t have wished for a better partner (than Berg) to bring these worlds together — football and the military.” Among Berg’s many movie credits are Friday Night Lights and Lone Survivor. Berg and his team were charged with filming, editing and producing the ad on the fly. He called it, with classic understatement, an aggressive timeline. "We’ll shoot it during the first quarter,” he explained Friday. “We’ll have pretty much the second quarter and halftime to get it put together, then we’ll show it to the Department of Defense. They have to sign off on it. The NFL has to sign off on it. And Fox has to sign off on it. And of course Hyundai, our client, has to sign off on it. That gives us pretty much the third quarter to make changes and the fourth quarter to lock it in.” ‘EXTRAORDINARILY COMPLEX’ Berg is known for celebrating everyday heroes in his films. "My father was a Marine,” he said. “I did not serve, but I was certainly brought up to have a very strong sense of appreciation and respect for the men and women of our military. And anytime I can find material that showcases the grace and dignity and courage of so many of our armed forces, I believe it is part of my responsibility to tell those stories.” Berg said he and his team had an extra spring in their step — not to mention elevated blood pressure — in the days before filming, given the complexity of what they were about to tackle. "I’d be lying if I said it wasn’t a bit impressive and actually somewhat intimidating when I think about what we’re trying to pull off,” Berg said. “It’s extraordinarily complex. I think it is the most complex thing I’ve ever been involved in.” Hyundai won USA TODAY’s Ad Meter last year for best ad in the Super Bowl, as selected by consumer vote. That one was a funny ad starring Kevin Hart. This ad is not eligible because it ran after the game. (Only ads that air between the coin toss and the two-minute warning are eligible for Ad Meter.) Even so, this spot could emerge as one of the most talked-about of Super Sunday. "Days like this, the Super Bowl, when we can eat as many chicken wings and drink as many Budweisers as we want,” Springer said, “is because of our troops out and about throughout the world, doing what they do to give us that right.” Video playlist: Every Super Bowl ad CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Kia | 0:00 With the help of the new hybrid Kia Niro, actress Melissa McCarthy saves the world. Kia 1 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Sprite | 0:30 LeBron James wants you to drink Sprite, even if he won't say so. 2 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Alfa Romeo - Mozzafiato | 0:30 Alfa Romeo debuts a cinematic commercial for this year's Super Bowl. 3 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Turkish Airlines | 0:45 Morgan Freeman stars in Turkish Airlines' new Super Bowl ad. 4 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Tide | 0:15 Tide debuts the second part of it's humorous Super Bowl ad. 5 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAD Meter 2017: Paramount - Baywatch | 0:30 Paramount debuts it's trailer for the upcoming movie Baywatch. 6 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Amazon | 0:30 Amazon releases it's humorous Super Bowl commercial. 7 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #NSFWireless | 1:00 Kristen Schaal stars in this humorous T-Mobile Super Bowl ad. 8 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: 20th Century Fox - A Cure For Wellness | 0:39 20th Century Fox debuts the trailer for A Cure For Wellness. 9 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Coca-Cola | 0:30 Coca-Cola's mouth-watering Super Bowl ad features foodies preparing (and eating) a variety of gourmet meals. 10 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Persil | 0:30 Persil's new Super Bowl commercial features famous scientist Bill Nye. 11 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Airbnb | 0:30 Airbnb debuts it Super Bowl LI commercial with a message of acceptance. 12 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Snickers | 0:31 Snickers debuts it's live Super Bowl commercial. 13 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Universal - The Fate of the Furious | 1:00 Universal debuts the latest installment in the Fast and Furious series. 14 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Alfa Romeo - Riding Dragons | 1:00 Alfa Romeo debuts one of it's powerful commercials which will air during the Super Bowl. 15 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: It's a 10 Haircare | 0:30 It's a 10 Haircare makes it Super Bowl commercial debut. 16 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Netflix - Stranger Things | 0:36 Netflix debuts the trailer for the new season of Stranger Things. 17 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: TurboTax | 0:45 Turbo Tax debuts it's humorous Super Bowl ad featuring Humpty Dumpty. 18 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Paramount - Transformers | 0:32 The trailer for the latest film in the Transformers series. 19 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: 20th Century Fox - Logan | 0:30 20th Century Fox debuts it's commercial for the movie Logan. 20 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Bai | 0:30 Justin Timberlake and Christopher Walken star in Bai's Super Bowl ad. 21 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd meter 2017: Disney - Pirates of the Caribbean | 0:45 Disney debuts it's trailer for Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales. 22 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Tide | 1:15 Terry Bradshaw stars in Tide's new Super Bowl ad. 23 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: H&R Block | 1:00 Jon Hamm stars in H&R blocks new Super Bowl commercial. 24 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Mobile Strike | 0:30 Mobile Strike debuts it's new commercial at Super Bowl LI. 25 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Avocados From Mexico | 0:30 A secret society has trouble keeping secrets, including the health benefits of avocados. (Also, Jon Lovitz shows up.) 26 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Google | 1:00 Google introduces "Google Home" in its new Super Bowl ad. 27 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: NFL - Inside These Lines | 1:00 The NFL debuts its dramatic commercial for this year's Super Bowl. 28 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #BagOfUnlimited | 0:30 Martha Stewart and Snoop Dogg star in a hilarious Super Bowl ad for T-Mobile. 29 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #Punished | 0:30 Kristen Schaal stars in a steamy Super Bowl ad for T-Mobile. 30 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: American Petroleum Institute | 0:31 On Sunday, the American Petroleum Institute will air its first-ever Super Bowl ad. 31 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wix | 0:30 Action stars Gal Gadot and Jason Statham wreaking havoc inside a restaurant inspires the chef. 32 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wargaming - Real Awful Moms | 0:15 An episode of fictional show Real Awful Moms is interrupted in this spot for video game World of Tanks. 33 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wargaming - Teensy House Hunters | 0:15 An episode of fictional show Teensy House Buyers is interrupted in this ad for video game World of Tanks. 34 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Michelin | 0:30 Michelin tires help people safely make it home to their families. 35 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: 84 Lumber | 1:30 84 Lumber's first Super Bowl ad tells the story of an immigrant family's journey to America. 36 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Hulu | 0:30 A trailer for The Handmaid’s Tale, a new Hulu series featuring Mad Men star Elisabeth Moss. 37 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Michelob Ultra | 0:30 Fitness enthusiasts bond over their shared passion in this Michelob ULTRA spot, which features the theme song from 'Cheers', 38 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: WeatherTech | 0:30 WeatherTech, which makes its car floor mats in America, shows just how far it will go to protect your vehicle. 39 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: NFL | 0:30 The NFL's Super Bowl ad is the definition of adorable. NFL 40 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Honda | 1:00 Yearbook photos of celebrities such as Steve Carell, Tina Fey, and Magic Johnson come to life in this ad, a celebration of the 20th birthday of the Honda CR-V. 41 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: T-Mobile | 1:00 Justin Bieber, Rob Gronkowski, and Terrell Owens take us through the history of the touchdown dance. 42 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Bud Light | 1:31 Bud Light Icon Spuds MacKenzie returns in the new Super Bowl Ad as a man's best friend to show that it was never about the parties, but friendships made along the way. 43 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Top Games | 0:30 Actors Aaron Eckhart, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, and Fan Bingbing star in "The Battle of Evony" a short movie promoting the mobile game Evony: The King’s Return. 44 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Audi | 1:00 Audi's Super Bowl ad, featuring a man watching her daughter win on the race track, advocates for equal pay. 45 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Sprint | 0:30 A man fakes his own death to get out of his Verizon contract before being convinced to switch to Sprint. 46 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Nintendo | 0:30 Nintendo introduces the new Switch console with clips from the game The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. 47 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wonderful Pistachios | 0:15 Ernie the Elephant, voiced by WWE star John Cena, discovers the benefits of Wonderful Pistachios. 48 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Ford | 1:43 Narrated by actor Bryan Cranston, Ford's Super Bowl LI ad focuses on the automaker's future plans. 49 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Squarespace | 0:30 Actor John Malkovich struggles to secure the domain name JohnMalkovich.com in Squarespace's new ad. 50 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: King's Hawaiian | 0:30 A man trying to stash away his King's Hawaiian rolls chooses a hiding place that isn't as secret as he thinks it is. 51 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: LIFEWTR | 0:30 John Legend and PepsiCo's new LIFEWTR bottled water brings color to a drab world. 52 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Busch | 0:30 Busch's first ever Super Bowl ad reintroduces the beer to the world by embracing the great outdoors. 53 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: KFC | 0:15 KFC's first Super Bowl ad stars actors Billy Zane and Rob Riggle as dueling versions of Colonel Sanders. 54 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Buick | 1:00 In the latest installment of the automaker's "That's a Buick?" campaign, NFL star Cam Newton and supermodel Miranda Kerr each make a surprise appearance at a pee wee football game. 55 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: GoDaddy | 0:30 GoDaddy's Super Bowl spot stars a man who completely embodies the most fun parts of the Internet. 56 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Budweiser | 1:00 The story of Adolphus Busch, the German immigrant who co-founded Anheuser-Busch in the 1800s. 57 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Intel | 0:30 With its new 360-degree replay technology, Intel spices up Tom Brady's morning routine. 58 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Skittles | 0:30 A teenager trying to get a girl's attention with Skittles unknowingly gets more than he bargained for. 59 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Mr. Clean | 0:30 The newly buff Mr. Clean dazzles in his first Super Bowl ad. 60 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Febreze | 0:30 Febreze vows to make sure that your football halftime bathroom break won't stink. 61 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Fiji Water | 0:15 Fiji Water's new Super Bowl commercial stresses the importance of untouched water. 62 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wendy's | 0:31 Wendy's touts its fresh beef and pokes fun of its competitors' frozen burgers. 63 of 63Last VideoNext Video Ad Meter 2017: Kia Ad Meter 2017: Sprite Ad Meter 2017: Alfa Romeo - Mozzafiato Ad Meter 2017: Turkish Airlines Ad Meter 2017: Tide AD Meter 2017: Paramount - Baywatch Ad Meter 2017: Amazon Ad Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #NSFWireless Ad Meter 2017: 20th Century Fox - A Cure For Wellness Ad Meter 2017: Coca-Cola Ad Meter 2017: Persil Ad Meter 2017: Airbnb Ad Meter 2017: Snickers Ad Meter 2017: Universal - The Fate of the Furious Ad Meter 2017: Alfa Romeo - Riding Dragons Ad Meter 2017: It's a 10 Haircare Ad Meter 2017: Netflix - Stranger Things Ad Meter 2017: TurboTax Ad Meter 2017: Paramount - Transformers Ad Meter 2017: 20th Century Fox - Logan Ad Meter 2017: Bai Ad meter 2017: Disney - Pirates of the Caribbean Ad Meter 2017: Tide Ad Meter 2017: H&R Block Ad Meter 2017: Mobile Strike Ad Meter 2017: Avocados From Mexico Ad Meter 2017: Google Ad Meter 2017: NFL - Inside These Lines Ad Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #BagOfUnlimited Ad Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #Punished Ad Meter 2017: American Petroleum Institute Ad Meter 2017: Wix Ad Meter 2017: Wargaming - Real Awful Moms Ad Meter 2017: Wargaming - Teensy House Hunters Ad Meter 2017: Michelin Ad Meter 2017: 84 Lumber Ad Meter 2017: Hulu Ad Meter 2017: Michelob Ultra Ad Meter 2017: WeatherTech Ad Meter 2017: NFL Ad Meter 2017: Honda Ad Meter 2017: T-Mobile Ad Meter 2017: Bud Light Ad Meter 2017: Top Games Ad Meter 2017: Audi Ad Meter 2017: Sprint Ad Meter 2017: Nintendo Ad Meter 2017: Wonderful Pistachios Ad Meter 2017: Ford Ad Meter 2017: Squarespace Ad Meter 2017: King's Hawaiian Ad Meter 2017: LIFEWTR Ad Meter 2017: Busch Ad Meter 2017: KFC Ad Meter 2017: Buick Ad Meter 2017: GoDaddy Ad Meter 2017: Budweiser Ad Meter 2017: Intel Ad Meter 2017: Skittles Ad Meter 2017: Mr. Clean Ad Meter 2017: Febreze Ad Meter 2017: Fiji Water Ad Meter 2017: Wendy's   PHOTOS: Super Bowl's best shots FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Patriots win Super Bowl LI with epic rally  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Tom Brady hoists the Lombardi Trophy after the Patriots beat the Falcons to win Super Bowl LI. Brady and New England won 34-28 in the first-ever Super Bowl to go to overtime.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady hoists the Lombardi Trophy for the fifth time, most of any quarterback ever.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Winning the Super Bowl appears to be one of the rare things that can get Patriots head coach Bill Belichick to crack a smile.  Daniel Powers, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots owner Robert Kraft hoists the Lombardi Trophy.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback celebrates with coach Bill Belichick after winning their fifth Super Bowl title together.  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell greets Patriots coach Bill Belichick after the game.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots linebacker Dont'a Hightower (54) celebrates with defensive coordinator Matt Patricia.  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots receiver Julian Edelman celebrates.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots offensive tackle Marcus Cannon celebrates with the Lombardi Trophy.  Troy Taormina, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots coach Bill Belichick, right, celebrates with receiver Danny Amendola.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Tom Brady couldn't believe it either after becoming the first quarterback to win five Super Bowl titles.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Tom Brady shares a moment with Bill Belichick on the podium after winning the Super Bowl.  Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots running back LeGarrette Blount celebrates.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots linebacker Kyle Van Noy celebrates.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots coach Bill Belichick celebrates with linebacker Elandon Roberts.  Daniel Powers, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) shakes hands with and his Falcons counterpart Matt Ryan (2) after the game.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen A despondent Matt Ryan leaves the field after the Falcons lost Super Bowl LI.  Eric Seals, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons receiver Julio Jones leaves the field in disappointment.  Eric Seals, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Tom Brady (12), Julian Edelman (11) and the Patriots celebrate.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots running back James White (28) fights his way into the end zone to score the game-winning touchdown in overtime.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots running back James White (28) stretches acorss the goal line to score the game-winning touchdown in overtime.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) celebrates after James White scored the game-winning touchdown in overtime.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots receiver Danny Amendola (80) fights his way into the end zone to score the game-tying two-point conversion late in the fourth quarter.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots running back James White (28) plunges into the end zone to score late in the fourth-quarter.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots running back James White celebrates his fourth-quarter touchdown run that helped tie the score.  John David Mercer, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots running back James White celebrates his fourth-quarter touchdown.  John David Mercer, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons receiver Julio Jones (11) makes an out-stretched catch over Patriots cornerback Eric Rowe (25) during the fourth quarter.  Troy Taormina, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons receiver Julio Jones (11) hauls in an incredible catch along the sideline behind Patriots cornerback Eric Rowe (25) during the fourth quarter.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons receiver Julio Jones (11) just gets both feet down for a fourth-quarter catch against Patriots cornerback Eric Rowe (25).  Eric Seals, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons receiver Mohamed Sanu (12) tries to stiff-arm his way past Patriots cornerback Logan Ryan (26) during the fourth quarter.  Eric Seals, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots receiver Julian Edelman (11) dives to make a crucial fourth-quarter catch against Falcons safety Keanu Neal (22).  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots receiver Julian Edelman (11) cradles the ball just before it hits the turf for a fourth-quarter catch against Falcons defenders Keanu Neal (22) and Ricardo Allen (37).  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady celebrates a successful two-point conversion during the fourth quarter.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots receiver Danny Amendola (80) hauls in a fourth-quarter touchdown catch.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots linebacker Dont'a Hightower (54) forces a fumble by Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan (2) during the fourth quarter.  John David Mercer, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons running back Devonta Freeman (24) races by Patriots linebacker Elandon Roberts (52) on a fourth-quarter carry.  Eric Seals, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons defensive tackle Grady Jarrett (97) drops Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) for a fourth-quarter sack.  John David Mercer, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons defensive tackle Grady Jarrett (97) celebrates his fourth-quarter sack with Jonathan Babineaux (95).  Eric Seals, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) picks himself up after a fourth-quarter sack as the Falcons celebrate behind him.  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons defensive tackle Grady Jarrett (97) sacks Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) during the fourth quarter.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots tight end Martellus Bennett (88) hauls in a fourth-quarter catch behind Falcons safety Keanu Neal (22).  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady leaves the field after a fourth-quarter drive stalled.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons cornerback Jalen Collins (32) tackles Patriots receiver Malcolm Mitchell (19) after a fourth-quarter catch.  John David Mercer, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons defensive tackle Grady Jarrett (97) takes down Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) for a sack during the fourth quarter.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons running back Tevin Coleman (26) celebrates his third-quarter touchdown with Matt Ryan (2) and Justin Hardy (16).  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons running back Tevin Coleman (26) scampers past Patriots linebacker Rob Ninkovich (50) into the end zone for a touchdown during the third quarter.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots running back James White (28) stretches across the goal line to score between a trio of Falcons defenders during the third quarter.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan (2) commands the huddle during the third quarter.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) pulls it down and runs for a first down during the third quarter.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots receiver Julian Edelman (11) passes on a third-quarter trick play.  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots running back James White (28) runs past Falcons defender Keanu Neal on a third-quarter carry.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons running back Tevin Coleman (26) finds a hole in the line on a third-quarter rush.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, left, confers with offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels, center and head coach Bill Belichick during the third quarter.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan (2) directs the offense during the third quarter.  Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons cornerback Jalen Collins (32) breaks up a third-quarter pass intended for Patriots receiver Chris Hogan (15).  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan (2) eludes Patriots defensive end Trey Flowers (98) on a third-quarter throw.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons safety Keanu Neal (22) brings down Patriots running back Dion Lewis (33) during the third quarter.  John David Mercer, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons cornerback Robert Alford (23) takes his second-quarter interception all the back for a touchdown.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady tries to pick himself up off the turf after throwing a pick-six during the second quarter.  Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons cornerback Robert Alford (23) leaves Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) in his dust on an interception return for a touchdown during the second quarter.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons cornerback Robert Alford (23) eludes Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) on his way to returning an interception for a touchdown during the second quarter.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons cornerback Robert Alford (23) celebrates his second-quarter touchdown with Devonta Freeman (24) and Eric Weems (14).  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) picks himself off the turf after throwing a pick-six during the second quarter.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons linebacker Vic Beasley (44) pressures Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) during the second quarter.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons safety Keanu Neal (22) knocks Patriots running back James White (28) out of bounds on a second-quarter carry.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons cornerback Brian Poole (34) exchanges heated words with Patriots receiver Danny Amendola (80) during the second quarter.  John David Mercer, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots safety Patrick Chung (23) breaks up a pass intended for Falcons tight end Austin Hooper (81) at the goal line during the second quarter.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots tight end Martellus Bennett (88) eludes would-be Falcons tackler Jalen Collins (32) after a second-quarter catch.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) directs the offense during the second quarter.  John David Mercer, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons tight end Austin Hooper (81) celebrates his second-quarter touchdown catch with guard Andy Levitre (67).  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons tight end Austin Hooper (81) beats Patriots safety Patrick Chung (23) to bring in a second-quarter touchdown catch.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots receiver Julian Edelman can't come up with a second-quarter pass.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots coach Bill Belichick expresses his displeasure with a call during the second quarter.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons receiver Julio Jones (11) gets both feet in for a second-quarter catch in front of Patriots cornerback Eric Rowe (25).  Troy Taormina, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons running back Devonta Freeman dives across the goal line to score during the second quarter.  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons running back Devonta Freeman dives into the end zone for a second-quarter touchdown.  Daniel Powers, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons running back Devonta Freeman celebrates his second-quarter touchdown run.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons cornerback Robert Alford (23) pounces on a fumble ahead of Patriots receiver Julian Edelman (11) during the second quarter.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons receiver Julio Jones (11) hauls in a second-quarter catch in front of Patriots defenders Duron Harmon (30) and Logan Ryan (26).  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots running back James White (28) hauls in a first-quarter catch against Falcons defender Deion Jones (45).  Troy Taormina, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons cornerback Robert Alford (23) tackles Patriots receiver Julian Edelman (11) after a first-quarter catch.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons cornerback Jalen Collins (32) takes down Patriots receiver Chris Hogan (15) during the first quarter.  Daniel Powers, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons defensive end Courtney Upshaw (91) takes down Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) for a first-quarter sack.  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons defensive end Courtney Upshaw celebrates a first-quarter sack.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots receiver Julian Edelman (11) gets upended by Falcons linebacker Philip Wheeler (41) after a first-quarter catch.  John David Mercer, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) looks to pass over Falcons linebacker Vic Beasley (44) during the first quarter.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots defensive end Trey Flowers (98) brings down Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan (2) for a first-quarter sack.  Daniel Powers, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons running back Devonta Freeman (24) eludes Patriots linebacker Rob Ninkovich (50) on a first-quarter rush.  John David Mercer, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots receiver Julian Edelman (11) gets upended by Falcons linebacker Philip Wheeler (41) after a first-quarter catch.  Troy Taormina, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots wide receiver Malcolm Mitchell (19) hauls in a first-quarter catch.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) just gets rid of the ball under pressure from Falcons defensive tackle Ra'Shede Hageman (77) during the first quarter.  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen A trio of Patriots defenders brings down Falcons running back Devonta Freeman (24) on a first-quarter carry.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady gets fired up ahead of kickoff.  Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons receiver Eric Weems gives a young fan a souvenir football during warm-ups.  Eric Seals, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons quarterback and newly-minted league MVP Matt Ryan warms up prior to kickoff.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady gets a hug from former teammate Randy Moss before the game.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The Patriots mascot prepares for the big game.  Eric Seals, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Linebacker LaRoy Reynolds, center, gathers a group of Falcons together prior to kickoff.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons owner Arthur Blank, right, greets Patriots owner Robert Kraft on the field before the game.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons coach Dan Quinn talks with linebacker Deion Jones (45) ahead of kickoff.  Daniel Powers, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons running back Devonta Freeman stretches before kickoff.  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots safety Devin McCourty, center, speaks with his defensive backfield teammates before kickoff.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 102 2 of 102 3 of 102 4 of 102 5 of 102 6 of 102 7 of 102 8 of 102 9 of 102 10 of 102 11 of 102 12 of 102 13 of 102 14 of 102 15 of 102 16 of 102 17 of 102 18 of 102 19 of 102 20 of 102 21 of 102 22 of 102 23 of 102 24 of 102 25 of 102 26 of 102 27 of 102 28 of 102 29 of 102 30 of 102 31 of 102 32 of 102 33 of 102 34 of 102 35 of 102 36 of 102 37 of 102 38 of 102 39 of 102 40 of 102 41 of 102 42 of 102 43 of 102 44 of 102 45 of 102 46 of 102 47 of 102 48 of 102 49 of 102 50 of 102 51 of 102 52 of 102 53 of 102 54 of 102 55 of 102 56 of 102 57 of 102 58 of 102 59 of 102 60 of 102 61 of 102 62 of 102 63 of 102 64 of 102 65 of 102 66 of 102 67 of 102 68 of 102 69 of 102 70 of 102 71 of 102 72 of 102 73 of 102 74 of 102 75 of 102 76 of 102 77 of 102 78 of 102 79 of 102 80 of 102 81 of 102 82 of 102 83 of 102 84 of 102 85 of 102 86 of 102 87 of 102 88 of 102 89 of 102 90 of 102 91 of 102 92 of 102 93 of 102 94 of 102 95 of 102 96 of 102 97 of 102 98 of 102 99 of 102 100 of 102 101 of 102 102 of 102 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 33633 CONNECTTWEET 137 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE NEVER MISS OUT Sports Stay in the know and in the zone, 7 days a week, with scores, analysis, and in-depth features and commentary. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Sports NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Technology Stories» Next Blue-Collar Revolution Has Already Arrived Samsung Battery Supplier Hit by ... Yes, Fire Banned at Wikipedia: The 'Unreliable' Daily Mail Man Blames Uber for Divorce, Sues for $45M Man Charged in Burning His Home Busted by Pacemaker New Apple HQ Takes Attention to Detail to Insane Heights No Easy Fix for Russian Hack That Scams Casinos Finally, an App for Haters Who Want a Lover When Car Salesmen Don't Lie: Oldsmobile Ad Goes Viral Entrepreneur Earns $350K With Kickstarter Knockoffs Don't Marry Mario: 'Locked-in' Patients Can Finally 'Talk' Snapchat Is Going Public, Seeking Up to $3 Billion Technology / drones Go to Grid|Next Story Single Computer Operated Fleet of Drones for Gaga Show 300 drones formed shapes in sky By Rob Quinn,  Newser Staff Posted Feb 6, 2017 3:39 AM CST 34 comments Comments Single Computer Operated Fleet of Drones for Gaga Show The 'Shooting Stars' perform as Gaga sings. (YouTube) Back to story » (Newser) – The opening of Lady Gaga's halftime show at the Super Bowl featured an amazing sight you can expect to see more of in the future: a fleet of 300 drones lighting up the sky and transforming into an American flag. The drones, dubbed the "Shooting Stars," did not communicate with each other but were controlled by a person using a single computer with technology that maker Intel says can be used to operate fleets of more than 10,000 drones, TechCrunch reports. The basketball-sized Intel drones are a new, simple type of drone "designed for entertainment purposes such as festivals and entertainment events" and are capable of creating up to 4 billion color combinations, Intel says in a press release. Because of FAA and Super Bowl restrictions, as well as the unpredictability of the weather, the stunning drone show was pre-recorded earlier in the week. The drones were also used to create a Pepsi logo. Federal regulations, including one that states drone operators must be in sight of the aircraft at all times, limit the applications of drone fleet technology for now, but its creators say they can see a future that goes far beyond entertainment. "I see them searching for a lost hiker with multiple drones at night with the right payloads looking for them," the leader of Intel's drone team tells Wired. "Or search and rescue efforts after a landslide, when it's hard to get people on the ground."   View 4 images My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   2% Hilarious 27% Intriguing 3% Depressing 62% Brilliant 2% Scary 3% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 34 comments Next on Newser: Judge Bans Teen From Sex Before Marriage Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 34 comments CrotalusHorridus Feb 6, 2017 3:29 PM CST Phenomenally cool! StandingStill Feb 6, 2017 2:10 PM CST "stunning drone show was pre-recorded earlier in the week" Meaning they could have just created the entire back ground using CGI, and perhaps they did. Bo Honk Feb 6, 2017 11:50 AM CST The future of terrorism. Can't wait. Only every tenth one needs to carry a threat. Good luck picking off just those. View all 34 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Man's Quest to Kill Roach in His Ear Has Unfortunate Result 1 Man Blames Uber for Divorce, Sues for $45M 2 Kitten Experiment in 4th-Grade Textbook Outrages Parents 3 2 Missing NM College Students Found Driving Slowly in Idaho 4 Clinton Burns Trump After Travel Ban Defeat 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Stalker Photoshops Herself Into Creepy Facebook Pics to Fake 4-Year Romance Is This Why Kanye Deleted All of His Pro-Trump Tweets? Jobs Most Likely to Be Taken Over by Robots in the Future Michael Bolton Is Back and Weirder Than Ever in a Valentine's Netflix Special Could These 2 Places Become Our 51st and 52nd States? Is Donald Trump Our Real President - or Is It Steve Bannon? Teacher Writes Creepy Letter to 16-Year-Old About Upgrading Their Sex Bed Partner Links Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners Protest Held Outside ICE Headquarters Over Trump’s Immigration Policies Expert Advises Resetting Your Relationship For Valentine’s Day New Yorkers Brave Slick, Slushy Streets And Sidewalks As Cleanup Continues Go to CBS Local The Instagram Travel Guide to ... Chicago The Story of the South’s First Black Millionaire Why Artificial Intelligence Might Replace Your Lawyer Go to Ozy Truck driver meets a tragic end when he drives across a bridge on during a very... Jimmy Kimmel broke character and tossed an audience member out of the studio... The father of the “cash me ousside” girl is finally speaking out about his... Go to Rare Science Says No One Actually Likes When You Post Selfies, So Put Down The Phone Tracee Ellis Ross Is Killing It In Her 40s, Proving You Only Get Better With Age Woman Gets Revenge On ‘Compulsive Liar’ Husband In FB Ad Selling Wedding Dress Go to Elite Daily Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login NBC: Russia 'considers' sending Snowden back to US California bill doesn't want Netflix to be taxed like a utility Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump livestream shut down for 'public safety' Latest in Culture NBC: Russia 'considers' sending Snowden back to US 8h ago View The Public Access Weekly: Ch-ch-ch-changes 13h ago View California bill doesn't want Netflix to be taxed like a utility 9h ago View Inauguration-protest arrests lead to Facebook data prosecution 11h ago View Image credit: Reuters/Brian Snyder save Save share 127 tech firms team up against Trump's immigration ban (updated) Google, Apple and more filed a brief supporting lawsuits against it. Steve Dent, @stevetdent 02.06.17 in Politics Comments 3373 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Student Behnam Partopour from Iran is greeted by friends at Logan Airport. Reuters/Brian Snyder As expected, Intel, Google, Microsoft, Apple and 93 other tech firms have filed an amicus brief in support of lawsuits against President Donald Trump's executive order barring immigrants from seven countries. "The Executive Order abandons these principals [of tolerance, equality and openness]," the brief, spotted by Ars Technica, states. "[It] inflicts significant harm on American business, innovation and growth as a result." After suits were filed against the order in Washington and other states, US District Judge James Robart blocked the order, effective immediately. The Department of Homeland Security said it would return to normal screening procedures, so many immigrants, including students with visas, green-card holders and others scrambled to get flights in case the restrictive rules were reinstated. However, the US Justice Department under Trump has vowed to appeal. "We'll win. For the safety of the country, we'll win," Trump told reporters at the Mar-a-Lago golf club in Florida. The new president also criticized Robart in a series of tweets, saying "the opinion of this so-called judge ... is ridiculous and will be overturned." The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 4, 2017 The letter, which has been in the works since before the order was overturned, aims to convince appeal courts that reinstating the rules would be illegal and harmful to their businesses. "The Order makes it more difficult and expensive for US companies to recruit, hire and retain some of the world's best employees," they wrote. "It disrupts ongoing business operations. And it threatens companies ability to attract talent, business and investment to the United States." According to a recent Reuters/Ipsos poll, the public is in favor of Trump's order by 49 percent against 41 percent who aren't. However, a legal expert told Reuters that tweets criticizing the judge -- a highly unusual action for a president -- may "poison the well" for future litigation. "It's hard for the president to demand that courts respect his inherent authority when he is disrespecting the inherent authority of the judiciary," legal expert Jonathan Turley told Reuters. This instability and uncertainty will make it far more difficult and expensive for US companies to hire some of the world's best talent -- and impede them from competing in the global marketplace. The tech companies added that the order could cause talented employees from other nations to simply go elsewhere, causing a brain-drain from the US. "This instability and uncertainty will make it far more difficult and expensive for US companies to hire some of the world's best talent -- and impede them from competing in the global marketplace," according to the brief. What's more, other nations could see the actions as hostile and simply take their balls and go home, the firms believe. "[It] could well lead to retaliatory actions by other countries, which would seriously hinder US companies ability to do business or negotiate business deals abroad." There are some notable exceptions. Amazon and Tesla, whose bosses both attended Trump's tech summit shortly after his election, notably didn't sign the order. However, Tesla's Musk has vowed to take the immigration issue up with the President directly. Update: Later in the afternoon, 30 other companies also joined the brief, including both Tesla and SpaceX. HP, Evernote, Linden Labs, Adobe and others signed on, however, Amazon declined to. That's because, according to Amazon, while it agrees with the brief, Washington's attorney general advised the company not to since it's a witness in the original case. The post has also been corrected to say that Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos attended Trump's first tech summit, but doesn't sit on his business advisory board. Amicus brief on behalf of 97 tech companies, including Box, opposing the executive order on immigration: https://t.co/KjRDqnEuKa— Aaron Levie (@levie) February 6, 2017 Source: Cyrius Farivar (Twitter), Reuters, Aaron Levie (Twitter), Yahoo Finance Coverage: Washington Post In this article: AmicusBrief, Apple, culture, DonaldTrump, facebook, Google, Immigration, Intel, Microsoft, politics 3373 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 4h 4h ago in Mobile Android's instant tethering is now officially available But still only for Pixel and Nexus devices running Nougat. By M. Moon,  4h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in Art HBO's 'Silicon Valley' returns April 23rd An anticipated 'Game of Thrones' delay won't stop Pied Piper. By R. Lawler,  4h ago save Save share View 6h 6h ago in Gadgetry Photo of Magic Leap AR prototype leaks out, backpack and all Obtained by Business Insider, it claims to show the company's "Product Equivalent" (PEQ) build. By R. Lawler,  6h ago save Save share View 8h 8h ago in Politics NBC: Russia 'considers' sending Snowden back to US Snowden: 'Irrefutable' proof I didn't cooperate with Russian intelligence. By R. Lawler,  8h ago save Save share View 13h 13h ago The Public Access Weekly: Ch-ch-ch-changes What's up with what's going down at Public Access By Amber Bouman,  13h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Oracle refuses to let Java copyright battle die – another appeal filed in war against Google Bugat-wielding hacker: Yes, I tried to nick $3.2m from US schools, oil biz Lovely. Now someone's ported IoT-menacing Mirai to Windows boxes Voila! Bazinga! Amazon turns Alexa into an annoying 'cool' aunt Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Take cover! Storage news barrage incoming Crims in £160m broadband scam facing 44 years of porridge Talking to Tintri's Alexa speechbot might not actually be all that crazy Oracle settles court spat with fired cloud 'sales inflation whistleblower' Oracle refuses to let Java copyright battle die – another appeal filed in war against Google It's 2017 so SAP's added a Siri clone and machine learning to ERP Zut alors! Uber wrecked my marriage, fumes French businessman Windows 10: What is it good for? Microsoft pitches to devs ahead of Creators Update Bugat-wielding hacker: Yes, I tried to nick $3.2m from US schools, oil biz Lovely. Now someone's ported IoT-menacing Mirai to Windows boxes Run this in April: UPDATE Azure SET SQLthreat_detection = 'generally available' Scottish court issues damages to couple over distress caused by neighbour's use of CCTV World to spend US$2.4 TRILLION on tech in 2017 Brought to you by UK.gov: 'Most ambitious programme of change of any government anywhere in the world' Wow, what an incredible 12 months: 2017's data center year in review MNOs will lose 5G rewards to new entrants if they will not share networks Continuous Lifecycle London: More workshops, more speakers Why software engineers should ditch Silicon Valley for Austin Docker polices secrets, in Iron Man suit no less To do DevOps right, beam down a UFO says Dynatrace Policy The Channel Verisign probed by US Dept of Justice over $135m .web auction Judge green lights Microsoft vs Uncle Sam gag order case Hortonworks brakes on breaking even, continues to burn cash Soz telcos you're 'low priority' post-Brexit, says leaked gov doc Voila! Bazinga! Amazon turns Alexa into an annoying 'cool' aunt Crack in black: Matte iPhones losing paint at alarming rate, gripe fans Samsung's Chromebook Pro: Overpriced vanilla PC with a stylus. 'Wow' Comcast lied and now it must STFU: Its cable broadband is not 'the fastest' in the US SPB Geek's Guide Stick glue on a drone. Fly it into a flower. World hunger solved, bee-lieve NASA bakes Venus-proof electronics Hyperloop sueball noose-man launches tube-travel rival Vintage Space Shuttle fuel tank destroyed by New Orleans tornado Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Nokia wheels out a complete MVNO package. Makes a change from WinPho That's cute. AI and IoT need 'ethics regulation', mumbles Lib Dem baron Teach undergrads ethics to ensure future AI is safe – compsci boffins Police drones, robo surgeons and chatbot civil servants. What could go wrong? Verity Stob Get orf the air over moi land Irish farmer roars at drones All of Blighty's attack submarines are out of action – report You want WHO?! Reg readers vote Tom Baker for Doctor 13. Of course Welcome to my world of The Unexplained – yes, you're welcome to it More like this Chips Servers Data Center Transformation Wow, what an incredible 12 months: 2017's data center year in review Predictions of the present past from today's future, or something 6 Feb 2017 at 07:29, Shahin Khan Comment The data center market is hot, especially now that we are getting a raft of funky new stuff, from promising non-Intel chips and system architectures to power and cooling optimizations. Since we're all thinking several quarters ahead anyway, we're practically in 2018. So from that point of view, we may as well look back at 2017 and tell you how it all went down and why. Thus, here is my “2017 Data Center Year in Review,” with ten byte-sized inevitable outcomes. Data center optimization is here Data centers are information factories with lots of components and moving parts. There was a time when companies started becoming much more complex, which fueled the massive enterprise resource planning market. Managing everything in the data center is in a similar place. To automate, monitor, troubleshoot, plan, optimize, cost-contain, report, etc, is a giant task, and we were happy to see new apps in this area. Data center infrastructure management was billed as the cool new way to provide visibility into and control of IT. Everyone realized how badly they needed it and wondered how they did without it. Some day, it will be one cohesive thing, but for now, because it’s such a big task, there are several companies addressing different parts of it. Azure will grow faster than AWS Cloud is the big wave, of course, and almost anything that touches it is on the right side of history. So, it was little surprise that private and hybrid clouds grew nicely and they even tempered the growth of public clouds. But the growth of public clouds continued to impress, despite increasing recognition that they are not the cheapest option. AWS led again, capturing most new apps. However, Azure grew faster, on the strength of landing new apps but also bringing along the existing apps, where Microsoft maintains a significant footprint. Moving Exchange, Office, and other apps to the cloud, in addition to operating lots of regional data centers and having lots of local feet on the ground, must have helped. Some of the same dynamics helped Oracle show a strong hand and get close to Google and IBM, and large telcos stayed very much in the game. Smaller players persevered and even grew, but they also started to realize that public clouds are their supplier or partner, not their competition! It was cheaper for them to OEM services from bigger players, or offer joint services, than to build and maintain their own public cloud. Great Wall of persistent memory will become a thing Just as the hottest thing in enterprise became Big Data, we find that the most expensive part of computing is moving all that data around. Figures, right? Naturally, we started seeing in-situ processing: instead of data going to compute, compute would go to data, processing it locally wherever data happens to be. But then the gap between CPU speed and storage speed separated apps and data. Memory became the bottleneck. In came storage class memory (mostly flash, with a nod to other promising technologies), getting larger, faster and cheaper. So, we started seeing examples of apps using a Great Wall of persistent memory, built by hardware and software solutions that bridge the size/speed/cost gap between traditional storage and DRAM. Eventually, we expect programming languages to naturally support byte-addressable persistent data. System vendors will announce racks, not servers Vendors already configured and sold racks, but they often populated them with servers that were designed as if they’d be used stand-alone. Vendors with rack-level thinking were doing better because designing the rack vs the single node let them add value to the rack, while removing unneeded value from server nodes. So server vendors started thinking of a rack, not a single-node, as the system they sell. Intel’s Rack Scale Architecture continued to be on the right track, a real competitive advantage, and an indication of how traditional server vendors must adapt. The server rack became the next level of integration and is now what a “typical system” looks like. Going forward, multi-rack systems are where server vendors have a shot at adding real value. HPC vendors have long been there. Server revenue growth will be lower than GDP growth Traditional enterprise apps – the bulk of what runs on servers – showed that they had access to enough compute capacity already. Most of that work is transactional, so their growth is correlated with the growth in GDP, minus efficiencies in processing. New apps, on the other hand, are hungry, but they are much more distributed, more focused on mobile clients, and more amenable to what we call high-density processing: algorithms that have a high ops/bytes ratio running on hardware that provides similarly high ops/byte capability – ie, compute accelerators like GPUs, FPGAs, vector processors, manycore CPUs, and ASICs. On top of that, there was more in-situ processing: processing the data wherever it happens to be, locally, vs sending it around to, say, the backend. This was made easier by the significant rise in client-side computing power and more capable switches and storage nodes that can do a lot of local processing. We also continued to see cloud computing and virtualization eliminate idle servers and increase the utilization rates of existing systems. Finally, commoditization of servers and racks, driven by fewer-but-larger buyers and standardization efforts like the Open Compute Project, put pressure on server costs and continued to limit the areas in which server vendors can add value. The old adage in servers: “I know how to build it so it costs $1m, but don’t know how to build it so it’s worth $1m” was never more true. These all combined to keep server revenues in check. We saw the 5G’s wow-speeds but modest roll-out, and thought it could drive a jump in video and some server-heavy apps, but that’d have to wait. Next page: OpenPOWER will emerge as the viable alternative to x86 Page: 1 2 Next → Tips and corrections 1 Comment More from The Register Apple weans itself off Intel with 'more ARM chips' for future Macs Cook bakes up another Chipzilla-free component for fruity computers – report 32 Comments Whiffy kitchen after last night's chips? Clear the air with SPACE PLASMA Experiment on International Space Station rivals Teflon's 'unexpectedly useful stuff from space program' crown 35 Comments Qualcomm wheels out new set of Snapdragon Wear chips Wearable-friendly silicon is aimed at lifestyle IoT items Touchy iPhone 6, 6 Plus chips prone to breaking down and giving up And Apple's Geniuses can't help you when it happens 28 Comments US watchdog sues Qualcomm for 'bribing' Apple to swallow chips Snapdragon biz broke monopoly laws, FTC claims in bombshell lawsuit 23 Comments Intel soundlessly emits Broadwell Xeon E5-4600 v4 quad-socket chips She's built like an E5 but handles like an E7 Whitepapers How enterprises can achieve their full potential in the age of disruption Winning digital Road map for the data driven enterprise Data, data everywhere, and not a drop to…. The value of cloud partner ecosystems Channel partners leverage cloud ecosystems to maximise growth Critical security and compliance considerations for hybrid cloud deployments A report from Custom Research commissioned by Hewlett Packard Enterprise Spotlight What might HPE do with SimpliVity? Digital transformation?! Your boss's PowerPoint New Year resolution, deconstructed Outage-hit Lloyds Bank in talks to outsource data centres to IBM Welcome to my world of The Unexplained – yes, you're welcome to it Cattle that fail, not pets that purr – the future of servers Small but perfectly formed: Dailymotion's object storage odyssey Speaking in Tech: So. Hard-boiled Brexit... will tech firms scramble? GDPR: Do not resist! Unless you want a visit from the data police Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.

Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Tech Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy This is what 300 drones flying in sync looks like By Chris Perez View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) February 6, 2017 | 2:42am | Updated February 6, 2017 | 2:44am Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy SEE ALSO One nation, under Gaga 0:0 Lady Gaga promised a Super Bowl halftime show infused with... Land of the free, home of the…drone?! The Super Bowl halftime show opened with Lady GaGa singing “God Bless America” and “This Land Is Your Land” with some special guests — hundreds of dancing drones, which formed the shape of the American flag. The 300 unmanned aerial vehicles, supplied by Intel, were GPS-controlled and fitted with advanced LED lights that first shined red and blue in the shape of the US — apparently illustrating the political divide in the country. They then came together to form the stars and stripes. The “Shooting Star” drones also formed two Pepsi logos and the Intel symbol to close out the show. While it appeared to be live, the mid-air performance was actually taped earlier this week, due to FAA regulations barring radio-controlled aircraft within 34.5 miles of Houston’s NRG Stadium during the Super Bowl. Intel had to request special permission to film the segment, CNN reported. The tech giant has used the Shooting Star drones — which are about a foot long square and weigh just over eight ounces — at events in the past. Their 4 billion color combinations make the devices great for light shows, with their most recent act taking place at Walt Disney World in Florida for their 2016 holiday season. With Post Wires Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under drones ,  intel ,  lady gaga ,  super bowl li Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Tech companies need to start protecting you from hackers Read Next Tech companies need to start protecting you from hackers Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 15,812 Josh Elliott's CBS 'farewell' stuns his bosses 13,604 Obit proves family couldn't be happier their 'evil' relative is dead 13,034 Jordanian pilot had no idea ISIS was about to burn him alive Now On Teyana Taylor: My daughter isn’t spoiled Kristen Taekman stressing her ‘shoe game’ at New York Fashion Week Tamron Hall set to walk the red carpet at Viennese Opera Ball SEE ALL Video 1:02 These shoes weren't made for walking Now On The Boundary-Pushing Sex Scenes of Lena Dunham SEE ALL More Stories pagesix Josh Elliott's CBS 'farewell' stuns his bosses Now On Decider People Are Cancelling Their Subscriptions To Boycott Netflix’s ‘Dear White People’ nypost Obit proves family couldn't be happier their 'evil' relative is dead New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Videos Photos Lists Live Artists Podcasts Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Chart Beat Super Bowl LI Billboard Subscribe Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Grammys 2017 News Music Festivals Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Style Country Dance Latin Rock Broadway K-Pop Business Pret-a-Reporter Hot 100 Billboard 200 Charts Year-End 2016 Greatest of All Time Artist 100 Spotify + Web Trending 140 Emerging Artists R&B/Hip-Hop Pop Dance/Electronic Country Rock Latin Breaking and Entering Christian/Gospel Holiday Sports International Additional Genres Videos Search Grammys 2017 Grammy Week 2017: Photos From All the Parties Grammys 2017: 10 Categories To Watch Led by Pharrell & Kanye, Grammy Red Carpet Casual Style Is Here to Stay Who Should Win the Grammy for Record of the Year? Vote! This is How to Get Lady Gaga's Super Bowl Look: Exclusive 2/5/2017 by Shira Karsen FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic Lady Gaga performs onstage during the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show at NRG Stadium on Feb. 5, 2017 in Houston.  On Sunday, Feb. 5, Lady Gaga stunned the crowd when she jumped from the roof of Houston's NRG Stadium with a sky of flying drones behind her and performed a six song mashup of the pop singer's greatest hits. But the "stars" (powered by Intel) weren't the only things sparkling; in addition to Gaga's custom silver Versace jumpsuit, the singer's makeup -- a matte red lip, purple eye shadow created with Marc Jacobs Beauty and clusters of carefully-placed eye mask crystals -- was perfectly on point. "I took inspiration from all of the iconic looks throughout Gaga’s career and just elevated it into something new," Sarah Nicole Tanno, Lady Gaga's makeup artist told Billboard. "I wanted her to be able to look at this 10 years from now and have it feel timeless.” The Eyes: Tanno started the look with the eyes by applying Marc Jacobs Beauty Twinkle Pop Stick Eyeshadow in Au Revoir 406, a pewter shimmer, as a base for the feminine yet bold shimmery eye. She then lined the eyes with Highliner Gel Eye Crayon in Violet Femme 82 and blended it into the base for a soft lavender effect. Next, she applied the purple shade of About Last Night Style Eye Con No. 20 eyeshadow palette to add depth to the crease of the eye and then brightened the purple tones of the crease with Style Eye Con No. 7 Plush Eyeshadow palette in The Tease 202.   For brightness and luminosity around the eye, Tanno highlighted the brow bone with the lightest pink shade from Style Eye Con No. 7 Plush Eyeshadow Palette in The Lover 220. To add definition and outline, she used Highliner Gel Eye Crayon Eyeliner in Blacquer 42 all along the lash line to create a dramatic wing and finished it with Magic Marc’er Precision Pen Waterproof Liquid Eyeliner in Blacquer to bring the wing to a sharp point. She proceeded to apply Highliner Matte Gel Eye Crayon Eyeliner in Pink of Me 59 in the water line to open the eyes. Tanno finished Gaga’s eyes by adding multiple layers of Velvet Noir Major Volume Mascara to the top lashes and Feather Noir Ultra-Skinny Lash Discovering Mascara to the bottom lashes for drama. Overall, Tanno wanted to keep the eye shimmery and glamorous to complement Gaga’s crystal eye mask for the beginning of the show, and keep them classic and feminine for the latter part.   LADY GAGA #superbowl #halftime Thank you for the incredible makeup and support @marcbeauty ------ I am so proud of my girl @ladygaga #ladygaga #marcbeauty #sarahtannomakeup @fredericaspiras @brandonmaxwell @versace_official @nfl A photo posted by Sarah Nicole Tanno (@sarahtannomakeup) on Feb 5, 2017 at 6:47pm PST The Brows: To punctuate the eye, Tanno created perfectly groomed brows on Gaga in two steps. First, she applied the Marc Jacobs Beauty Brow Wow Defining Longwear Eyebrow Pencil in Dark Brown 8 to fill in and create natural color. Then, she brushed the brows into place with Beauty Brow Tamer Grooming Gel. The Face: To prep the skin, Tanno applied a thin layer of Marc Jacobs BeautyUnder(cover) Perfecting Coconut Face Primer which soothes the skin, extends makeup wear and evens skin texture. To create depth, Tanno started by applying a small amount of Re(Marc)able Full Cover Concealer to the high points of gaga’s face and then applied Re(Marc)able Full Cover Concealer in 7 Bright to the sculpting points. For an even complexion, Tanno used Genius Gel Super–Charged Oil–Free Foundation in 44 Medium and finished by highlighting under her eyes and the bridge of her nose with Remedy Concealer Pen in 6 After Hours. To set the face, Tanno applied two beauty perfection powders: Featherweight Foundation in 360 Golden to add warmth and contour, and #instamarc Light Filtering Contour Powder in Dream Filter 20 on her cheekbones and forehead.   BAD ROMANCE @ladygaga @marcbeauty @nfl #ladygaga #superbowl #halftime #marcjacobsbeauty #sarahtannomakeup A photo posted by Sarah Nicole Tanno (@sarahtannomakeup) on Feb 5, 2017 at 6:56pm PST The Cheeks: To tie the eyes and lips into the look, Tanno used Air Blush Soft Glow Duo in 500 Lush & Libido on the apples of Gaga’s cheeks for a soft rose color that’s feminine and natural for a performance. The Lips: Tanno wanted to create an iconic bright red lip to serve as both the perfect classic juxtaposition to the sparkling glamor of Gaga’s crystal eye mask and the focal point for when she removed the mask. She started by prepping the lips with Lip Lock Moisture Balm to hydrate and moisturize and then followed with Le Marc Lip Crème Lipstick in Dashing 206. After the first layer, she blotted and then reapplied the same shade to create the perfect candy apple red lip. For a final touch of glamor, Tanno finished off the look with a touch of Enamored Hi-Shine Gloss Lip Lacquer Lipgloss 332 Hot Hot Hot.  FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Comments Magazine Customer Service Subscribe Buy this issue Billboard biz The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. Learn More Sharing Billboard Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Instagram Tumblr Pinterest Spotify Newsletter Explore Billboard Shop News Archive Photos Archive Videos Archive Magazine Archive Charts Archive Information Jobs Chart Licensing Billboard Events Contact Us Sitemap FAQ Feedback Lyrics Billboard Backstage Sonicbids © 2017 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Advertising Billboard.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 273 18 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Laughter is the name of the game for majority of Super Bowl ads While some went the serious route, a majority of commercials during Super Bowl LI went for laughs. Post to Facebook Laughter is the name of the game for majority of Super Bowl ads While some went the serious route, a majority of commercials during Super Bowl LI went for laughs.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kbMrMO {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Laughter is the name of the game for majority of Super Bowl ads Erik Brady , USA TODAY Sports 10:45 p.m. ET Feb. 5, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Kia | 0:00 With the help of the new hybrid Kia Niro, actress Melissa McCarthy saves the world. Kia 1 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Sprite | 0:30 LeBron James wants you to drink Sprite, even if he won't say so. 2 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Alfa Romeo - Mozzafiato | 0:30 Alfa Romeo debuts a cinematic commercial for this year's Super Bowl. 3 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Turkish Airlines | 0:45 Morgan Freeman stars in Turkish Airlines' new Super Bowl ad. 4 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Tide | 0:15 Tide debuts the second part of it's humorous Super Bowl ad. 5 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAD Meter 2017: Paramount - Baywatch | 0:30 Paramount debuts it's trailer for the upcoming movie Baywatch. 6 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Amazon | 0:30 Amazon releases it's humorous Super Bowl commercial. 7 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #NSFWireless | 1:00 Kristen Schaal stars in this humorous T-Mobile Super Bowl ad. 8 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: 20th Century Fox - A Cure For Wellness | 0:39 20th Century Fox debuts the trailer for A Cure For Wellness. 9 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Coca-Cola | 0:30 Coca-Cola's mouth-watering Super Bowl ad features foodies preparing (and eating) a variety of gourmet meals. 10 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Persil | 0:30 Persil's new Super Bowl commercial features famous scientist Bill Nye. 11 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Airbnb | 0:30 Airbnb debuts it Super Bowl LI commercial with a message of acceptance. 12 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Snickers | 0:31 Snickers debuts it's live Super Bowl commercial. 13 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Universal - The Fate of the Furious | 1:00 Universal debuts the latest installment in the Fast and Furious series. 14 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Alfa Romeo - Riding Dragons | 1:00 Alfa Romeo debuts one of it's powerful commercials which will air during the Super Bowl. 15 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: It's a 10 Haircare | 0:30 It's a 10 Haircare makes it Super Bowl commercial debut. 16 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Netflix - Stranger Things | 0:36 Netflix debuts the trailer for the new season of Stranger Things. 17 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: TurboTax | 0:45 Turbo Tax debuts it's humorous Super Bowl ad featuring Humpty Dumpty. 18 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Paramount - Transformers | 0:32 The trailer for the latest film in the Transformers series. 19 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: 20th Century Fox - Logan | 0:30 20th Century Fox debuts it's commercial for the movie Logan. 20 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Bai | 0:30 Justin Timberlake and Christopher Walken star in Bai's Super Bowl ad. 21 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd meter 2017: Disney - Pirates of the Caribbean | 0:45 Disney debuts it's trailer for Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales. 22 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Tide | 1:15 Terry Bradshaw stars in Tide's new Super Bowl ad. 23 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: H&R Block | 1:00 Jon Hamm stars in H&R blocks new Super Bowl commercial. 24 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Mobile Strike | 0:30 Mobile Strike debuts it's new commercial at Super Bowl LI. 25 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Avocados From Mexico | 0:30 A secret society has trouble keeping secrets, including the health benefits of avocados. (Also, Jon Lovitz shows up.) 26 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Google | 1:00 Google introduces "Google Home" in its new Super Bowl ad. 27 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: NFL - Inside These Lines | 1:00 The NFL debuts its dramatic commercial for this year's Super Bowl. 28 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #BagOfUnlimited | 0:30 Martha Stewart and Snoop Dogg star in a hilarious Super Bowl ad for T-Mobile. 29 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #Punished | 0:30 Kristen Schaal stars in a steamy Super Bowl ad for T-Mobile. 30 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: American Petroleum Institute | 0:31 On Sunday, the American Petroleum Institute will air its first-ever Super Bowl ad. 31 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wix | 0:30 Action stars Gal Gadot and Jason Statham wreaking havoc inside a restaurant inspires the chef. 32 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wargaming - Real Awful Moms | 0:15 An episode of fictional show Real Awful Moms is interrupted in this spot for video game World of Tanks. 33 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wargaming - Teensy House Hunters | 0:15 An episode of fictional show Teensy House Buyers is interrupted in this ad for video game World of Tanks. 34 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Michelin | 0:30 Michelin tires help people safely make it home to their families. 35 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: 84 Lumber | 1:30 84 Lumber's first Super Bowl ad tells the story of an immigrant family's journey to America. 36 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Hulu | 0:30 A trailer for The Handmaid’s Tale, a new Hulu series featuring Mad Men star Elisabeth Moss. 37 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Michelob Ultra | 0:30 Fitness enthusiasts bond over their shared passion in this Michelob ULTRA spot, which features the theme song from 'Cheers', 38 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: WeatherTech | 0:30 WeatherTech, which makes its car floor mats in America, shows just how far it will go to protect your vehicle. 39 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: NFL | 0:30 The NFL's Super Bowl ad is the definition of adorable. NFL 40 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Honda | 1:00 Yearbook photos of celebrities such as Steve Carell, Tina Fey, and Magic Johnson come to life in this ad, a celebration of the 20th birthday of the Honda CR-V. 41 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: T-Mobile | 1:00 Justin Bieber, Rob Gronkowski, and Terrell Owens take us through the history of the touchdown dance. 42 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Bud Light | 1:31 Bud Light Icon Spuds MacKenzie returns in the new Super Bowl Ad as a man's best friend to show that it was never about the parties, but friendships made along the way. 43 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Top Games | 0:30 Actors Aaron Eckhart, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, and Fan Bingbing star in "The Battle of Evony" a short movie promoting the mobile game Evony: The King’s Return. 44 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Audi | 1:00 Audi's Super Bowl ad, featuring a man watching her daughter win on the race track, advocates for equal pay. 45 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Sprint | 0:30 A man fakes his own death to get out of his Verizon contract before being convinced to switch to Sprint. 46 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Nintendo | 0:30 Nintendo introduces the new Switch console with clips from the game The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. 47 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wonderful Pistachios | 0:15 Ernie the Elephant, voiced by WWE star John Cena, discovers the benefits of Wonderful Pistachios. 48 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Ford | 1:43 Narrated by actor Bryan Cranston, Ford's Super Bowl LI ad focuses on the automaker's future plans. 49 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Squarespace | 0:30 Actor John Malkovich struggles to secure the domain name JohnMalkovich.com in Squarespace's new ad. 50 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: King's Hawaiian | 0:30 A man trying to stash away his King's Hawaiian rolls chooses a hiding place that isn't as secret as he thinks it is. 51 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: LIFEWTR | 0:30 John Legend and PepsiCo's new LIFEWTR bottled water brings color to a drab world. 52 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Busch | 0:30 Busch's first ever Super Bowl ad reintroduces the beer to the world by embracing the great outdoors. 53 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: KFC | 0:15 KFC's first Super Bowl ad stars actors Billy Zane and Rob Riggle as dueling versions of Colonel Sanders. 54 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Buick | 1:00 In the latest installment of the automaker's "That's a Buick?" campaign, NFL star Cam Newton and supermodel Miranda Kerr each make a surprise appearance at a pee wee football game. 55 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: GoDaddy | 0:30 GoDaddy's Super Bowl spot stars a man who completely embodies the most fun parts of the Internet. 56 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Budweiser | 1:00 The story of Adolphus Busch, the German immigrant who co-founded Anheuser-Busch in the 1800s. 57 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Intel | 0:30 With its new 360-degree replay technology, Intel spices up Tom Brady's morning routine. 58 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Skittles | 0:30 A teenager trying to get a girl's attention with Skittles unknowingly gets more than he bargained for. 59 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Mr. Clean | 0:30 The newly buff Mr. Clean dazzles in his first Super Bowl ad. 60 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Febreze | 0:30 Febreze vows to make sure that your football halftime bathroom break won't stink. 61 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Fiji Water | 0:15 Fiji Water's new Super Bowl commercial stresses the importance of untouched water. 62 of 63 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share EVERY SUPER BOWL 2017 COMMERCIAL AS THEY ARE RELEASEDAd Meter 2017: Wendy's | 0:31 Wendy's touts its fresh beef and pokes fun of its competitors' frozen burgers. 63 of 63Last VideoNext Video Ad Meter 2017: Kia Ad Meter 2017: Sprite Ad Meter 2017: Alfa Romeo - Mozzafiato Ad Meter 2017: Turkish Airlines Ad Meter 2017: Tide AD Meter 2017: Paramount - Baywatch Ad Meter 2017: Amazon Ad Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #NSFWireless Ad Meter 2017: 20th Century Fox - A Cure For Wellness Ad Meter 2017: Coca-Cola Ad Meter 2017: Persil Ad Meter 2017: Airbnb Ad Meter 2017: Snickers Ad Meter 2017: Universal - The Fate of the Furious Ad Meter 2017: Alfa Romeo - Riding Dragons Ad Meter 2017: It's a 10 Haircare Ad Meter 2017: Netflix - Stranger Things Ad Meter 2017: TurboTax Ad Meter 2017: Paramount - Transformers Ad Meter 2017: 20th Century Fox - Logan Ad Meter 2017: Bai Ad meter 2017: Disney - Pirates of the Caribbean Ad Meter 2017: Tide Ad Meter 2017: H&R Block Ad Meter 2017: Mobile Strike Ad Meter 2017: Avocados From Mexico Ad Meter 2017: Google Ad Meter 2017: NFL - Inside These Lines Ad Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #BagOfUnlimited Ad Meter 2017: T-Mobile - #Punished Ad Meter 2017: American Petroleum Institute Ad Meter 2017: Wix Ad Meter 2017: Wargaming - Real Awful Moms Ad Meter 2017: Wargaming - Teensy House Hunters Ad Meter 2017: Michelin Ad Meter 2017: 84 Lumber Ad Meter 2017: Hulu Ad Meter 2017: Michelob Ultra Ad Meter 2017: WeatherTech Ad Meter 2017: NFL Ad Meter 2017: Honda Ad Meter 2017: T-Mobile Ad Meter 2017: Bud Light Ad Meter 2017: Top Games Ad Meter 2017: Audi Ad Meter 2017: Sprint Ad Meter 2017: Nintendo Ad Meter 2017: Wonderful Pistachios Ad Meter 2017: Ford Ad Meter 2017: Squarespace Ad Meter 2017: King's Hawaiian Ad Meter 2017: LIFEWTR Ad Meter 2017: Busch Ad Meter 2017: KFC Ad Meter 2017: Buick Ad Meter 2017: GoDaddy Ad Meter 2017: Budweiser Ad Meter 2017: Intel Ad Meter 2017: Skittles Ad Meter 2017: Mr. Clean Ad Meter 2017: Febreze Ad Meter 2017: Fiji Water Ad Meter 2017: Wendy's Melissa McCarthy's funny spot for Kia was one of many Super Bowl commercials that went for humor. (Photo: Kia) 273 CONNECTTWEET 18 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Mark Twain didn’t care much for advertising – he said many a small thing has been made large by it – but he sure did like laughter. Twain called humor the great thing, the saving thing. "The minute it crops up,” he said, “all our irritations and resentments slip away and a sunny spirit takes their place.” That’s just what so many of the advertisers in Super Bowl LI were going for. Results of USA TODAY’s Ad Meter, decided by consumer vote, will be released Monday morning, but by halftime funny ads that had scored high marks included Melissa McCarthy running from rhinos for Kia, Terry Bradshaw going meta for Tide and old yearbooks springing to life for Honda. Humor is always a big deal in Super Bowl advertising. Regular advertising goes for laughs about 20% of the time while roughly half of Super Bowl ads do, according to Ace Metrix, a company that assesses the effectiveness of video ads. USA TODAY Watch all the 2017 Super Bowl commercials Shawn McBride, executive vice president, sports, at Ketchum Sports and Entertainment, previewed 36 ads that were posted in advance of the Super Bowl and found two-thirds featured a humorous approach. He says audiences are fatigued by deep divisions politically and that could be why it appears more brands than usual used humor this time. Some brands did go for serious messages. Budweiser got a lot of notice for its old-style immigrant’s tale and 84 Lumber for its modern take on that tale, though its website crashed when it asked viewers to see the rest of the story online. Airbnb scored big buzz with an ad boldly celebrating diversity, which felt notable in a way that it would not have a year ago. Amobee, a global marketing tech company that analyzes digital content engagement, said Airbnb’s ad and Coke’s pregame spot (with America the Beautiful amid many ethnicities) generated the most early real-time discussion on social media. And much of that discussion conveyed the polarizing divide in the country. Many other ads were awash in laughter – or at least the pursuit of it – from the deep secrets spilled by Avocados from Mexico (there are only 49 shades of gray) to Humpty Dumpty taking a great fall for Turbo Tax to Adam Driver’s live third-quarter slapstick bit for Snickers. "People like to laugh,” says Larry Chiagouris, professor of marketing at Pace University’s Lubin School of Business. “But the thing about humor is you either hit it out of the park or you die a slow death. There is not a lot of in between. Humor is the hardest thing to do.” Some of Sunday’s ads leavened humor with nostalgia. The ghost of Spuds McKenzie was back from the 1980s, taking a Bud Light drinker on a sort of out-of-body tour reminiscent of Dickens’ Christmas Carol. A dirty-dancing Mr. Clean, whose TV roots extend to the 1950s, gyrated his animated hips as he whirled around the room. And Peter Fonda was the punchline of Mercedes’ biker bar spoof of Easy Rider, the 1969 movie that traded its counterculture cred for a consumer-culture joy ride. Many of Sunday’s ads mixed humor with celebrity. Justin Bieber promoted T-Mobile while Arnold Schwarzenegger ballyhooed Mobile Strike. John Malkovich played himself in a dead-on, deadpan gag for Squarespace. And that Honda ad celebrated celebrity exponentially with talking photos of nine celebs, from Amy Adams to Robert Redford. And at least one of Sunday’s ads employed the sort of potty humor beloved by toddlers and frat boys – Febreze and its olfactory ode to the need for air fresheners in bathrooms across America at halftime. Photos: Best shots from Super Bowl LI FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Patriots win Super Bowl LI with epic rally  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Tom Brady hoists the Lombardi Trophy after the Patriots beat the Falcons to win Super Bowl LI. Brady and New England won 34-28 in the first-ever Super Bowl to go to overtime.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady hoists the Lombardi Trophy for the fifth time, most of any quarterback ever.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Winning the Super Bowl appears to be one of the rare things that can get Patriots head coach Bill Belichick to crack a smile.  Daniel Powers, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots owner Robert Kraft hoists the Lombardi Trophy.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback celebrates with coach Bill Belichick after winning their fifth Super Bowl title together.  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell greets Patriots coach Bill Belichick after the game.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots linebacker Dont'a Hightower (54) celebrates with defensive coordinator Matt Patricia.  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots receiver Julian Edelman celebrates.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots offensive tackle Marcus Cannon celebrates with the Lombardi Trophy.  Troy Taormina, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots coach Bill Belichick, right, celebrates with receiver Danny Amendola.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Tom Brady couldn't believe it either after becoming the first quarterback to win five Super Bowl titles.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Tom Brady shares a moment with Bill Belichick on the podium after winning the Super Bowl.  Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots running back LeGarrette Blount celebrates.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots linebacker Kyle Van Noy celebrates.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots coach Bill Belichick celebrates with linebacker Elandon Roberts.  Daniel Powers, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) shakes hands with and his Falcons counterpart Matt Ryan (2) after the game.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen A despondent Matt Ryan leaves the field after the Falcons lost Super Bowl LI.  Eric Seals, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons receiver Julio Jones leaves the field in disappointment.  Eric Seals, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Tom Brady (12), Julian Edelman (11) and the Patriots celebrate.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots running back James White (28) fights his way into the end zone to score the game-winning touchdown in overtime.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots running back James White (28) stretches acorss the goal line to score the game-winning touchdown in overtime.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) celebrates after James White scored the game-winning touchdown in overtime.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots receiver Danny Amendola (80) fights his way into the end zone to score the game-tying two-point conversion late in the fourth quarter.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots running back James White (28) plunges into the end zone to score late in the fourth-quarter.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots running back James White celebrates his fourth-quarter touchdown run that helped tie the score.  John David Mercer, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots running back James White celebrates his fourth-quarter touchdown.  John David Mercer, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons receiver Julio Jones (11) makes an out-stretched catch over Patriots cornerback Eric Rowe (25) during the fourth quarter.  Troy Taormina, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons receiver Julio Jones (11) hauls in an incredible catch along the sideline behind Patriots cornerback Eric Rowe (25) during the fourth quarter.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons receiver Julio Jones (11) just gets both feet down for a fourth-quarter catch against Patriots cornerback Eric Rowe (25).  Eric Seals, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons receiver Mohamed Sanu (12) tries to stiff-arm his way past Patriots cornerback Logan Ryan (26) during the fourth quarter.  Eric Seals, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots receiver Julian Edelman (11) dives to make a crucial fourth-quarter catch against Falcons safety Keanu Neal (22).  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots receiver Julian Edelman (11) cradles the ball just before it hits the turf for a fourth-quarter catch against Falcons defenders Keanu Neal (22) and Ricardo Allen (37).  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady celebrates a successful two-point conversion during the fourth quarter.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots receiver Danny Amendola (80) hauls in a fourth-quarter touchdown catch.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots linebacker Dont'a Hightower (54) forces a fumble by Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan (2) during the fourth quarter.  John David Mercer, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons running back Devonta Freeman (24) races by Patriots linebacker Elandon Roberts (52) on a fourth-quarter carry.  Eric Seals, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons defensive tackle Grady Jarrett (97) drops Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) for a fourth-quarter sack.  John David Mercer, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons defensive tackle Grady Jarrett (97) celebrates his fourth-quarter sack with Jonathan Babineaux (95).  Eric Seals, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) picks himself up after a fourth-quarter sack as the Falcons celebrate behind him.  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons defensive tackle Grady Jarrett (97) sacks Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) during the fourth quarter.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots tight end Martellus Bennett (88) hauls in a fourth-quarter catch behind Falcons safety Keanu Neal (22).  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady leaves the field after a fourth-quarter drive stalled.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons cornerback Jalen Collins (32) tackles Patriots receiver Malcolm Mitchell (19) after a fourth-quarter catch.  John David Mercer, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons defensive tackle Grady Jarrett (97) takes down Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) for a sack during the fourth quarter.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons running back Tevin Coleman (26) celebrates his third-quarter touchdown with Matt Ryan (2) and Justin Hardy (16).  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons running back Tevin Coleman (26) scampers past Patriots linebacker Rob Ninkovich (50) into the end zone for a touchdown during the third quarter.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots running back James White (28) stretches across the goal line to score between a trio of Falcons defenders during the third quarter.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan (2) commands the huddle during the third quarter.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) pulls it down and runs for a first down during the third quarter.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots receiver Julian Edelman (11) passes on a third-quarter trick play.  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots running back James White (28) runs past Falcons defender Keanu Neal on a third-quarter carry.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons running back Tevin Coleman (26) finds a hole in the line on a third-quarter rush.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, left, confers with offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels, center and head coach Bill Belichick during the third quarter.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan (2) directs the offense during the third quarter.  Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons cornerback Jalen Collins (32) breaks up a third-quarter pass intended for Patriots receiver Chris Hogan (15).  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan (2) eludes Patriots defensive end Trey Flowers (98) on a third-quarter throw.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons safety Keanu Neal (22) brings down Patriots running back Dion Lewis (33) during the third quarter.  John David Mercer, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons cornerback Robert Alford (23) takes his second-quarter interception all the back for a touchdown.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady tries to pick himself up off the turf after throwing a pick-six during the second quarter.  Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons cornerback Robert Alford (23) leaves Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) in his dust on an interception return for a touchdown during the second quarter.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons cornerback Robert Alford (23) eludes Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) on his way to returning an interception for a touchdown during the second quarter.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons cornerback Robert Alford (23) celebrates his second-quarter touchdown with Devonta Freeman (24) and Eric Weems (14).  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) picks himself off the turf after throwing a pick-six during the second quarter.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons linebacker Vic Beasley (44) pressures Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) during the second quarter.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons safety Keanu Neal (22) knocks Patriots running back James White (28) out of bounds on a second-quarter carry.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons cornerback Brian Poole (34) exchanges heated words with Patriots receiver Danny Amendola (80) during the second quarter.  John David Mercer, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots safety Patrick Chung (23) breaks up a pass intended for Falcons tight end Austin Hooper (81) at the goal line during the second quarter.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots tight end Martellus Bennett (88) eludes would-be Falcons tackler Jalen Collins (32) after a second-quarter catch.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) directs the offense during the second quarter.  John David Mercer, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons tight end Austin Hooper (81) celebrates his second-quarter touchdown catch with guard Andy Levitre (67).  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons tight end Austin Hooper (81) beats Patriots safety Patrick Chung (23) to bring in a second-quarter touchdown catch.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots receiver Julian Edelman can't come up with a second-quarter pass.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots coach Bill Belichick expresses his displeasure with a call during the second quarter.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons receiver Julio Jones (11) gets both feet in for a second-quarter catch in front of Patriots cornerback Eric Rowe (25).  Troy Taormina, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons running back Devonta Freeman dives across the goal line to score during the second quarter.  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons running back Devonta Freeman dives into the end zone for a second-quarter touchdown.  Daniel Powers, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons running back Devonta Freeman celebrates his second-quarter touchdown run.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons cornerback Robert Alford (23) pounces on a fumble ahead of Patriots receiver Julian Edelman (11) during the second quarter.  Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons receiver Julio Jones (11) hauls in a second-quarter catch in front of Patriots defenders Duron Harmon (30) and Logan Ryan (26).  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots running back James White (28) hauls in a first-quarter catch against Falcons defender Deion Jones (45).  Troy Taormina, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons cornerback Robert Alford (23) tackles Patriots receiver Julian Edelman (11) after a first-quarter catch.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons cornerback Jalen Collins (32) takes down Patriots receiver Chris Hogan (15) during the first quarter.  Daniel Powers, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons defensive end Courtney Upshaw (91) takes down Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) for a first-quarter sack.  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons defensive end Courtney Upshaw celebrates a first-quarter sack.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots receiver Julian Edelman (11) gets upended by Falcons linebacker Philip Wheeler (41) after a first-quarter catch.  John David Mercer, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) looks to pass over Falcons linebacker Vic Beasley (44) during the first quarter.  Mark J. Rebilas, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots defensive end Trey Flowers (98) brings down Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan (2) for a first-quarter sack.  Daniel Powers, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons running back Devonta Freeman (24) eludes Patriots linebacker Rob Ninkovich (50) on a first-quarter rush.  John David Mercer, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots receiver Julian Edelman (11) gets upended by Falcons linebacker Philip Wheeler (41) after a first-quarter catch.  Troy Taormina, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots wide receiver Malcolm Mitchell (19) hauls in a first-quarter catch.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (12) just gets rid of the ball under pressure from Falcons defensive tackle Ra'Shede Hageman (77) during the first quarter.  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen A trio of Patriots defenders brings down Falcons running back Devonta Freeman (24) on a first-quarter carry.  Kevin Jairaj, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady gets fired up ahead of kickoff.  Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons receiver Eric Weems gives a young fan a souvenir football during warm-ups.  Eric Seals, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons quarterback and newly-minted league MVP Matt Ryan warms up prior to kickoff.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots quarterback Tom Brady gets a hug from former teammate Randy Moss before the game.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The Patriots mascot prepares for the big game.  Eric Seals, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Linebacker LaRoy Reynolds, center, gathers a group of Falcons together prior to kickoff.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons owner Arthur Blank, right, greets Patriots owner Robert Kraft on the field before the game.  Richard Mackson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons coach Dan Quinn talks with linebacker Deion Jones (45) ahead of kickoff.  Daniel Powers, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Falcons running back Devonta Freeman stretches before kickoff.  Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Patriots safety Devin McCourty, center, speaks with his defensive backfield teammates before kickoff.  Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 102 2 of 102 3 of 102 4 of 102 5 of 102 6 of 102 7 of 102 8 of 102 9 of 102 10 of 102 11 of 102 12 of 102 13 of 102 14 of 102 15 of 102 16 of 102 17 of 102 18 of 102 19 of 102 20 of 102 21 of 102 22 of 102 23 of 102 24 of 102 25 of 102 26 of 102 27 of 102 28 of 102 29 of 102 30 of 102 31 of 102 32 of 102 33 of 102 34 of 102 35 of 102 36 of 102 37 of 102 38 of 102 39 of 102 40 of 102 41 of 102 42 of 102 43 of 102 44 of 102 45 of 102 46 of 102 47 of 102 48 of 102 49 of 102 50 of 102 51 of 102 52 of 102 53 of 102 54 of 102 55 of 102 56 of 102 57 of 102 58 of 102 59 of 102 60 of 102 61 of 102 62 of 102 63 of 102 64 of 102 65 of 102 66 of 102 67 of 102 68 of 102 69 of 102 70 of 102 71 of 102 72 of 102 73 of 102 74 of 102 75 of 102 76 of 102 77 of 102 78 of 102 79 of 102 80 of 102 81 of 102 82 of 102 83 of 102 84 of 102 85 of 102 86 of 102 87 of 102 88 of 102 89 of 102 90 of 102 91 of 102 92 of 102 93 of 102 94 of 102 95 of 102 96 of 102 97 of 102 98 of 102 99 of 102 100 of 102 101 of 102 102 of 102 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 273 CONNECTTWEET 18 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE NEVER MISS OUT Sports Stay in the know and in the zone, 7 days a week, with scores, analysis, and in-depth features and commentary. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Sports NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Sydney Morning Herald News site of the year Technology Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News NSW News National Environment Health Education Investigations Good Weekend Galleries Clique Photos Victoria News Queensland ACT News WA News Sport NRL Union AFL Football Cricket Racing Motorsport Basketball Netball Cycling Tennis Scores Golf US Sports Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorials Column 8 Obituaries Peter Hartcher Ross Gittins Jessica Irvine John Birmingham Satire Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage What's On in Sydney Video Shop Art Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports Home Tech Innovation February 6 2017 Save Print America's military AI superiority in doubt as China closes gap John Markoff and Matthew Rosenberg Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Robert Work, the veteran defense official retained as deputy secretary by US President Donald Trump, calls them his "AI dudes." The breezy moniker belies their serious task: The dudes have advised Work as he has sought to reshape warfare by bringing artificial intelligence to the battlefield. Last spring, he asked, "OK, you guys are the smartest guys in AI, right?" SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link While America's best AI talent keeps its distance from the government, China is catching up. Photo: Sachin Teng / The New York Times No, the dudes told him, "the smartest guys are at Facebook and Google," Work recalled in an interview. Now, increasingly, they're also in China. The United States no longer has a strategic monopoly on the technology, which is widely seen as the key factor in the next generation of warfare. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link The United States no longer has a strategic monopoly on a technology that is widely seen as the key factor in the next generation of warfare.  Photo: Al Drago / The New York Times The Pentagon's plan to bring AI to the military is taking shape as Chinese researchers assert themselves in the nascent technology field. And that shift is reflected in surprising commercial advances in artificial intelligence among Chinese companies. Last year, for example, Microsoft researchers proclaimed that the company had created software capable of matching human skills in understanding speech. Advertisement Although they boasted that they had outperformed their American competitors, a well-known AI researcher who leads a Silicon Valley laboratory for the Chinese web services company Baidu gently taunted Microsoft, noting that Baidu had achieved similar accuracy with the Chinese language two years earlier. We had surpassed human-level Chinese recognition in 2015; happy to see Microsoft also get there for English less than a year later.— Andrew Ng (@AndrewYNg) October 20, 2016 That, in a nutshell, is the challenge the United States faces as it embarks on a new military strategy founded on the assumption of its continued superiority in technologies such as robotics and artificial intelligence. First announced last year by Ash Carter, President Barack Obama's defense secretary, the "Third Offset" strategy provides a formula for maintaining a military advantage in the face of a renewed rivalry with China and Russia. Well into the 1960s, the United States held a military advantage based on technological leadership in nuclear weapons. In the 1970s, that perceived lead shifted to smart weapons, based on brand-new Silicon Valley technologies like computer chips. Now, the nation's leaders plan on retaining that military advantage with a significant commitment to artificial intelligence and robotic weapons. But the global technology balance of power is shifting. From the 1950s through the 1980s, the United States carefully guarded its advantage. It led the world in computer and material science technology, and it jealously hoarded its leadership with military secrecy and export controls. In the late 1980s, the emergence of the inexpensive and universally available microchip upended the Pentagon's ability to control technological progress. Now, rather than trickling down from military and advanced corporate laboratories, today's new technologies increasingly come from consumer electronics firms. Put simply, the companies that make the fastest computers are the same ones that put things under our Christmas trees. As consumer electronics manufacturing has moved to Asia, both Chinese companies and the nation's government laboratories are making major investments in artificial intelligence. The advance of the Chinese was underscored last month when Qi Lu, a veteran Microsoft artificial intelligence specialist, left the company to become chief operating officer at Baidu, where he will oversee the company's ambitious plan to become a global leader in AI. And last year, Tencent, developer of the mobile app WeChat, a Facebook competitor, created an artificial intelligence research laboratory and began investing in US-based AI companies. Rapid Chinese progress has touched off a debate in the United States between military strategists and technologists over whether the Chinese are merely imitating advances or are engaged in independent innovation that will soon overtake the United States in the field. "The Chinese leadership is increasingly thinking about how to ensure they are competitive in the next wave of technologies," said Adam Segal, a specialist in emerging technologies and national security at the Council on Foreign Relations. In August, the state-run China Daily reported that the country had embarked on the development of a cruise missile system with a "high level" of artificial intelligence. The new system appears to be a response to a missile the US Navy is expected to deploy in 2018 to counter growing Chinese military influence in the Pacific. Known as the Long Range Anti-Ship Missile, or LRASM, it is described as a "semiautonomous" weapon. According to the Pentagon, this means that though targets are chosen by human soldiers, the missile uses artificial intelligence technology to avoid defenses and make final targeting decisions. The new Chinese weapon typifies a strategy known as "remote warfare," said John Arquilla, a military strategist at the Naval Post Graduate School in Monterey, California. The idea is to build large fleets of small ships that deploy missiles, to attack an enemy with larger ships, like aircraft carriers. "They are making their machines more creative," he said. "A little bit of automation gives the machines a tremendous boost." Whether or not the Chinese will quickly catch the United States in artificial intelligence and robotics technologies is a matter of intense discussion and disagreement in the United States. Andrew Ng, chief scientist at Baidu, said the United States may be too myopic and self-confident to understand the speed of the Chinese competition. "There are many occasions of something being simultaneously invented in China and elsewhere, or being invented first in China and then later making it overseas," he said. "But then US media reports only on the US version. This leads to a misperception of those ideas having been first invented in the US" A key example of Chinese progress that goes largely unreported in the United States is Iflytek, an artificial intelligence company that has focused on speech recognition and understanding natural language. The company has won international competitions both in speech synthesis and in translation between Chinese- and English-language texts. The company, which Chinese technologists said has a close relationship with the government for development of surveillance technology, said it is working with the Ministry of Science and Technology on a "Humanoid Answering Robot." "Our goal is to send the machine to attend the college entrance examination, and to be admitted by key national universities in the near future," said Qingfeng Liu, Iflytek's chief executive. The speed of the Chinese technologists, compared to American and European artificial intelligence developers, is noteworthy. In April, Gansha Wu, then the director of Intel's laboratory in China, left his post and began assembling a team of researchers from Intel and Google to build a self-driving car company. Last month, the company, Uisee Technology, met its goal — taking a demonstration to the International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas — after just nine months of work. "The AI technologies, including machine vision, sensor fusion, planning and control, on our car are completely home-brewed," Wu said. "We wrote every line by ourselves." Their first vehicle is intended for controlled environments like college and corporate campuses, with the ultimate goal of designing a shared fleet of autonomous taxis. The United States' view of China's advance may be starting to change. In October, a White House report on artificial intelligence included several footnotes suggesting that China is publishing more research than US-based scholars. Still, some scientists say the quantity of academic papers does not tell us much about innovation. And there are indications that China has only recently begun to make AI a priority in its military systems. "I think while China is definitely making progress in AI systems, it is nowhere close to matching the U.S.," said Abhijit Singh, a former Indian military officer who is now a naval weapons analyst at the Observer Research Foundation in New Delhi. Chinese researchers who are directly involved in artificial intelligence work in China have a very different view. "It is indisputable that Chinese authors are a significant force in AI, and their position has been increasing drastically in the past five years," said Kai-Fu Lee, a Taiwanese-born artificial intelligence researcher who played a key role in establishing both Microsoft's and Google's China-based research laboratories. Lee, now a venture capitalist who invests in both China and the United States, acknowledged that the United States is still the global leader but believes that the gap has drastically narrowed. His firm, Sinovation Ventures, has recently raised $US675 million to invest in AI both in the United States and in China. "Using a chess analogy," he said, "we might say that grandmasters are still largely North American, but Chinese occupy increasingly greater portions of the master-level AI scientists." What is not in dispute is that the close ties between Silicon Valley and China both in terms of investment and research, and the open nature of much of the American AI research community, has made the most advanced technology easily available to China. In addition to setting up research outposts such as Baidu's Silicon Valley AI Laboratory, Chinese citizens, including government employees, routinely audit Stanford University artificial intelligence courses. One Stanford professor, Richard Socher, said it was easy to spot the Chinese nationals because after the first few weeks, his students would often skip class, choosing instead to view videos of the lectures. The Chinese auditors, on the other hand, would continue to attend, taking their seats at the front of the classroom. Artificial intelligence is only one part of the tech frontier where China is advancing rapidly. Last year, China also brought the world's fastest supercomputer, the Sunway TaihuLight, online, supplanting another Chinese model that had been the world's fastest. The new supercomputer is thought to be part of a broader Chinese push to begin driving innovation, a shift from its role as a manufacturing hub for components and devices designed in the United States and elsewhere. In a reflection of the desire to become a centre of innovation, the processors in the new computer are of a native Chinese design. The earlier supercomputer, the Tianhe 2, was powered by Intel's Xeon processors; after it came online, the United States banned further export of the chips to China, in hopes of limiting the Chinese push into supercomputing. The new supercomputer, like similar machines anywhere in the world, has a variety of uses, and does not by itself represent a direct military challenge. It can be used to model climate change situations, for instance, or to perform analysis of large data sets. But similar advances in high-performance computing being made by the Chinese could be used to push ahead with machine-learning research, which would have military applications, along with more typical defense functions, such as simulating nuclear weapons tests or breaking the encryption used by adversaries. While there appear to be relatively cozy relationships between the Chinese government and commercial technology efforts, the same cannot be said about the United States. The Pentagon recently restarted its beachhead in Silicon Valley, known as the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental facility, or DIUx. It is an attempt to rethink bureaucratic US government contracting practices in terms of the faster and more fluid style of Silicon Valley. The government has not yet undone the damage to its relationship with the Valley brought about by Edward Snowden's revelations about the National Security Agency's surveillance practices. Many Silicon Valley firms remain hesitant to be seen as working too closely with the Pentagon out of fear of losing access to China's market. "There are smaller companies, the companies who sort of decided that they're going to be in the defense business, like a Palantir," said Peter Singer, an expert in the future of war at New America, a think tank in Washington, referring to the start-up founded in part by venture capitalist Peter Thiel. "But if you're thinking about the big, iconic tech companies, they can't become defense contractors and still expect to get access to the Chinese market." Those concerns are real for Silicon Valley. "No one sort of overtly says that, because the Pentagon can't say it's about China, and the tech companies can't," Singer said. "But it's there in the background." The New York Times 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Robotic Bees Designed To Polinate ... Contains: External link Dolphins Might Be Chewing On Blowfish ... Contains: External link Most Popular Want to disappear from the internet? Here's how you can try We're all obsessed with keeping our phones charged Smart earbuds promise relief for kids struggling in classroom Twitter can't make money off Donald Trump's tweets RTX and the power of small, passionate audiences Follow Digital Life Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow SMH Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Technology Twitter can't make money off Donald Trump's tweets We're all obsessed with keeping our phones charged Want to disappear from the internet? Here's how you can try Smart earbuds promise relief for kids struggling in classroom RTX and the power of small, passionate audiences The Sydney Morning Herald Threat of blackouts looms as NSW bakes in heatwave Donald Trump plans travel ban backflip after court ruling, reports say Sea World dolphin show sabotaged by activists Inside the explosive far-right fundraiser where Muslims are fair game The Age Massive spider claims six seats for itself on busy Melbourne train First openly gay AFL player couple: "We're proud, and proud of each other" Norwegian Star cruise liner broken down and drifting near Melbourne AFP under fire over support services after experienced officer's death Brisbane Times Brisbane's 2016 food hall of shame revealed Sea World dolphin show sabotaged by activists Two far north Queensland punters win lotto three days apart Oh boy. It's meant to be 39 degrees in Brisbane on Sunday Canberra Times Total fire ban to extend into Sunday as temperatures exceed 40 degrees Bush towns to bid for Canberra departments Three children in hospital after crash on Kings Highway Police seek witnesses after man and woman shot in Gordon Rain forecast and cooler temperatures on the way WA Today 'Puff, puff, pass': How WA's dolphins are using blowfish to get high Perth freeway hit and run pursuit caught on dash camera Wet and wild weather cancels Perth's weekend plans Northam residents evacuating as a precaution as flood waters rise Four seasons in one day ... in one country down under Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Sydney Morning Herald Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition SMH for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters Sydney Morning Herald Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age Technology Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports Home Tech Innovation February 6 2017 Save Print America's military AI superiority in doubt as China closes gap John Markoff and Matthew Rosenberg Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Robert Work, the veteran defense official retained as deputy secretary by US President Donald Trump, calls them his "AI dudes." The breezy moniker belies their serious task: The dudes have advised Work as he has sought to reshape warfare by bringing artificial intelligence to the battlefield. Last spring, he asked, "OK, you guys are the smartest guys in AI, right?" SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link While America's best AI talent keeps its distance from the government, China is catching up. Photo: Sachin Teng / The New York Times No, the dudes told him, "the smartest guys are at Facebook and Google," Work recalled in an interview. Now, increasingly, they're also in China. The United States no longer has a strategic monopoly on the technology, which is widely seen as the key factor in the next generation of warfare. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link The United States no longer has a strategic monopoly on a technology that is widely seen as the key factor in the next generation of warfare.  Photo: Al Drago / The New York Times The Pentagon's plan to bring AI to the military is taking shape as Chinese researchers assert themselves in the nascent technology field. And that shift is reflected in surprising commercial advances in artificial intelligence among Chinese companies. Last year, for example, Microsoft researchers proclaimed that the company had created software capable of matching human skills in understanding speech. Advertisement Although they boasted that they had outperformed their American competitors, a well-known AI researcher who leads a Silicon Valley laboratory for the Chinese web services company Baidu gently taunted Microsoft, noting that Baidu had achieved similar accuracy with the Chinese language two years earlier. We had surpassed human-level Chinese recognition in 2015; happy to see Microsoft also get there for English less than a year later.— Andrew Ng (@AndrewYNg) October 20, 2016 That, in a nutshell, is the challenge the United States faces as it embarks on a new military strategy founded on the assumption of its continued superiority in technologies such as robotics and artificial intelligence. First announced last year by Ash Carter, President Barack Obama's defense secretary, the "Third Offset" strategy provides a formula for maintaining a military advantage in the face of a renewed rivalry with China and Russia. Well into the 1960s, the United States held a military advantage based on technological leadership in nuclear weapons. In the 1970s, that perceived lead shifted to smart weapons, based on brand-new Silicon Valley technologies like computer chips. Now, the nation's leaders plan on retaining that military advantage with a significant commitment to artificial intelligence and robotic weapons. But the global technology balance of power is shifting. From the 1950s through the 1980s, the United States carefully guarded its advantage. It led the world in computer and material science technology, and it jealously hoarded its leadership with military secrecy and export controls. In the late 1980s, the emergence of the inexpensive and universally available microchip upended the Pentagon's ability to control technological progress. Now, rather than trickling down from military and advanced corporate laboratories, today's new technologies increasingly come from consumer electronics firms. Put simply, the companies that make the fastest computers are the same ones that put things under our Christmas trees. As consumer electronics manufacturing has moved to Asia, both Chinese companies and the nation's government laboratories are making major investments in artificial intelligence. The advance of the Chinese was underscored last month when Qi Lu, a veteran Microsoft artificial intelligence specialist, left the company to become chief operating officer at Baidu, where he will oversee the company's ambitious plan to become a global leader in AI. And last year, Tencent, developer of the mobile app WeChat, a Facebook competitor, created an artificial intelligence research laboratory and began investing in US-based AI companies. Rapid Chinese progress has touched off a debate in the United States between military strategists and technologists over whether the Chinese are merely imitating advances or are engaged in independent innovation that will soon overtake the United States in the field. "The Chinese leadership is increasingly thinking about how to ensure they are competitive in the next wave of technologies," said Adam Segal, a specialist in emerging technologies and national security at the Council on Foreign Relations. In August, the state-run China Daily reported that the country had embarked on the development of a cruise missile system with a "high level" of artificial intelligence. The new system appears to be a response to a missile the US Navy is expected to deploy in 2018 to counter growing Chinese military influence in the Pacific. Known as the Long Range Anti-Ship Missile, or LRASM, it is described as a "semiautonomous" weapon. According to the Pentagon, this means that though targets are chosen by human soldiers, the missile uses artificial intelligence technology to avoid defenses and make final targeting decisions. The new Chinese weapon typifies a strategy known as "remote warfare," said John Arquilla, a military strategist at the Naval Post Graduate School in Monterey, California. The idea is to build large fleets of small ships that deploy missiles, to attack an enemy with larger ships, like aircraft carriers. "They are making their machines more creative," he said. "A little bit of automation gives the machines a tremendous boost." Whether or not the Chinese will quickly catch the United States in artificial intelligence and robotics technologies is a matter of intense discussion and disagreement in the United States. Andrew Ng, chief scientist at Baidu, said the United States may be too myopic and self-confident to understand the speed of the Chinese competition. "There are many occasions of something being simultaneously invented in China and elsewhere, or being invented first in China and then later making it overseas," he said. "But then US media reports only on the US version. This leads to a misperception of those ideas having been first invented in the US" A key example of Chinese progress that goes largely unreported in the United States is Iflytek, an artificial intelligence company that has focused on speech recognition and understanding natural language. The company has won international competitions both in speech synthesis and in translation between Chinese- and English-language texts. The company, which Chinese technologists said has a close relationship with the government for development of surveillance technology, said it is working with the Ministry of Science and Technology on a "Humanoid Answering Robot." "Our goal is to send the machine to attend the college entrance examination, and to be admitted by key national universities in the near future," said Qingfeng Liu, Iflytek's chief executive. The speed of the Chinese technologists, compared to American and European artificial intelligence developers, is noteworthy. In April, Gansha Wu, then the director of Intel's laboratory in China, left his post and began assembling a team of researchers from Intel and Google to build a self-driving car company. Last month, the company, Uisee Technology, met its goal — taking a demonstration to the International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas — after just nine months of work. "The AI technologies, including machine vision, sensor fusion, planning and control, on our car are completely home-brewed," Wu said. "We wrote every line by ourselves." Their first vehicle is intended for controlled environments like college and corporate campuses, with the ultimate goal of designing a shared fleet of autonomous taxis. The United States' view of China's advance may be starting to change. In October, a White House report on artificial intelligence included several footnotes suggesting that China is publishing more research than US-based scholars. Still, some scientists say the quantity of academic papers does not tell us much about innovation. And there are indications that China has only recently begun to make AI a priority in its military systems. "I think while China is definitely making progress in AI systems, it is nowhere close to matching the U.S.," said Abhijit Singh, a former Indian military officer who is now a naval weapons analyst at the Observer Research Foundation in New Delhi. Chinese researchers who are directly involved in artificial intelligence work in China have a very different view. "It is indisputable that Chinese authors are a significant force in AI, and their position has been increasing drastically in the past five years," said Kai-Fu Lee, a Taiwanese-born artificial intelligence researcher who played a key role in establishing both Microsoft's and Google's China-based research laboratories. Lee, now a venture capitalist who invests in both China and the United States, acknowledged that the United States is still the global leader but believes that the gap has drastically narrowed. His firm, Sinovation Ventures, has recently raised $US675 million to invest in AI both in the United States and in China. "Using a chess analogy," he said, "we might say that grandmasters are still largely North American, but Chinese occupy increasingly greater portions of the master-level AI scientists." What is not in dispute is that the close ties between Silicon Valley and China both in terms of investment and research, and the open nature of much of the American AI research community, has made the most advanced technology easily available to China. In addition to setting up research outposts such as Baidu's Silicon Valley AI Laboratory, Chinese citizens, including government employees, routinely audit Stanford University artificial intelligence courses. One Stanford professor, Richard Socher, said it was easy to spot the Chinese nationals because after the first few weeks, his students would often skip class, choosing instead to view videos of the lectures. The Chinese auditors, on the other hand, would continue to attend, taking their seats at the front of the classroom. Artificial intelligence is only one part of the tech frontier where China is advancing rapidly. Last year, China also brought the world's fastest supercomputer, the Sunway TaihuLight, online, supplanting another Chinese model that had been the world's fastest. The new supercomputer is thought to be part of a broader Chinese push to begin driving innovation, a shift from its role as a manufacturing hub for components and devices designed in the United States and elsewhere. In a reflection of the desire to become a centre of innovation, the processors in the new computer are of a native Chinese design. The earlier supercomputer, the Tianhe 2, was powered by Intel's Xeon processors; after it came online, the United States banned further export of the chips to China, in hopes of limiting the Chinese push into supercomputing. The new supercomputer, like similar machines anywhere in the world, has a variety of uses, and does not by itself represent a direct military challenge. It can be used to model climate change situations, for instance, or to perform analysis of large data sets. But similar advances in high-performance computing being made by the Chinese could be used to push ahead with machine-learning research, which would have military applications, along with more typical defense functions, such as simulating nuclear weapons tests or breaking the encryption used by adversaries. While there appear to be relatively cozy relationships between the Chinese government and commercial technology efforts, the same cannot be said about the United States. The Pentagon recently restarted its beachhead in Silicon Valley, known as the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental facility, or DIUx. It is an attempt to rethink bureaucratic US government contracting practices in terms of the faster and more fluid style of Silicon Valley. The government has not yet undone the damage to its relationship with the Valley brought about by Edward Snowden's revelations about the National Security Agency's surveillance practices. Many Silicon Valley firms remain hesitant to be seen as working too closely with the Pentagon out of fear of losing access to China's market. "There are smaller companies, the companies who sort of decided that they're going to be in the defense business, like a Palantir," said Peter Singer, an expert in the future of war at New America, a think tank in Washington, referring to the start-up founded in part by venture capitalist Peter Thiel. "But if you're thinking about the big, iconic tech companies, they can't become defense contractors and still expect to get access to the Chinese market." Those concerns are real for Silicon Valley. "No one sort of overtly says that, because the Pentagon can't say it's about China, and the tech companies can't," Singer said. "But it's there in the background." The New York Times 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Robotic Bees Designed To Polinate ... Contains: External link Dolphins Might Be Chewing On Blowfish ... Contains: External link Most Popular New star of school and (computer) screen discovered Want to disappear from the internet? Here's how you can try We're all obsessed with keeping our phones charged Smart earbuds promise relief for kids struggling in classroom Facebook adds tools for finding help to safety check feature Follow Digital Life Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Technology New star of school and (computer) screen discovered Want to disappear from the internet? Here's how you can try We're all obsessed with keeping our phones charged Smart earbuds promise relief for kids struggling in classroom Facebook adds tools for finding help to safety check feature The Age Massive spider claims six seats for itself on busy Melbourne train First openly gay AFL player couple: "We're proud, and proud of each other" Norwegian Star cruise liner broken down and drifting near Melbourne AFP under fire over support services after experienced officer's death The Sydney Morning Herald Threat of blackouts looms as NSW bakes in heatwave Donald Trump plans travel ban backflip after court ruling, reports say Sea World dolphin show sabotaged by activists Inside the explosive far-right fundraiser where Muslims are fair game Brisbane Times Brisbane's 2016 food hall of shame revealed Sea World dolphin show sabotaged by activists Two far north Queensland punters win lotto three days apart Oh boy. It's meant to be 39 degrees in Brisbane on Sunday Canberra Times Total fire ban to extend into Sunday as temperatures exceed 40 degrees Bush towns to bid for Canberra departments Three children in hospital after crash on Kings Highway Police seek witnesses after man and woman shot in Gordon Rain forecast and cooler temperatures on the way WA Today 'Puff, puff, pass': How WA's dolphins are using blowfish to get high Perth freeway hit and run pursuit caught on dash camera Wet and wild weather cancels Perth's weekend plans Northam residents evacuating as a precaution as flood waters rise Four seasons in one day ... in one country down under Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Saturday, February 11, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump to Issue Security Order While Weighing Course on Ban By PETER BAKER President Trump promised to introduce new measures by next week to prevent terrorists entering the country. While he vowed to keep fighting for the original order in court, he indicated that he would not wait to take action. Trump’s Legal Options in Travel Ban Case Immigrants on Edge at Reports of Raids By NICHOLAS KULISH, CAITLIN DICKERSON and LIZ ROBBINS 9:55 PM ET Despite social media accounts of mass roundups, it was unclear whether an executive order by Mr. Trump was the cause. News Analysis Trump Foreign Policy Quickly Loses Its Sharp Edge By MARK LANDLER The president is proving to be less of a radical than either his campaign statements or his tempestuous early phone calls with foreign leaders would suggest.  Comments Trump Backs Off on Taiwan, and China Gets Upper Hand Trump Adopts a Harder Line on Israeli Settlements Full Coverage of the Administration » NYT Now Trump Gets Chance to Reshape Fed as 3rd Official Quits By BINYAMIN APPELBAUM Daniel K. Tarullo, who has led financial regulation efforts, said on Friday that he would resign, leaving three vacant seats on the central bank’s board. MORE IN POLITICS Trump Vows to ‘Look Into’ Flynn’s Talks With Russia Trump Reassures Japan About Alliance Trump Rejects Tillerson’s Pick for Deputy Secretary of State DeVos Is Briefly Blocked From Entering a School Italian Judge Breaks Up Families as Way to Break Up the Mob By GAIA PIANIGIANI An Italian magistrate separates children from their mob families and moves them elsewhere in Italy to interrupt a generational cycle of criminality. The Daily 360 1:37 One Performer and 4,000 Boxes Joan Marcus. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. An opioid user in Rainelle, W.Va. Health officials say the Affordable Care Act has helped make progress in the opioid epidemic. Credit Mark Trent Without Health Law, Addicts May Lose Most By KATHARINE Q. SEELYE and ABBY GOODNOUGH The Affordable Care Act expanded access to mental health and addiction treatment, by designating them as “essential benefits.” Providers fear its repeal will be a setback in the opioid epidemic. Smarter Living Stories From Around the Web and in The Times We Recommend By ANNA DUBENKO and MICHELLE L. DOZOIS A guide to best stuff to read, watch and listen to, on and off The Times. Unbuttoned What You Need to Know About This Fashion Season By VANESSA FRIEDMAN From all the change in New York to the Paris gossip grapevine, the ready-to-wear shows are going to be as topsy-turvy as everyday life. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times African Nations’ Answer to Protests: Shut Down Internet By DIONNE SEARCEY and FRANCOIS ESSOMBA Governments facing opposition in sub-Saharan Africa call internet blackouts a security measure, but crippled communications are taking a toll on their economies. Illegal Voting Gets Texas Woman Jail, and Deportation By MICHAEL WINES Rosa Maria Ortega, a permanent resident, voted illegally in 2012 and 2014. Her punishment was strikingly harsh for an offense that usually merits far less jail time, if any. So, How Did I Do? Ms. Mearns donning makeup for her role as the Fairy Carabosse. Credit Natalie Keyssar for The New York Times This Ballet Dancer Has a New Role: Being Bad Sara Mearns, the glamorous New York City Ballet principal, discusses how she switched from her usual role in “Sleeping Beauty” to the evil Fairy Carabosse on Thursday night. By GIA KOURLAS Save this story to read later on any device. Save The Mystery of a Missing Hong Kong Tycoon Deepens By MICHAEL FORSYTHE and PAUL MOZUR Footage from the Four Seasons in Hong Kong where Xiao Jianhua, one of China’s wealthiest tycoons, lived is said to show him being taken away by about half a dozen unidentified men. Knicks Create a New Type of Loss in Banishing Oakley By SCOTT CACCIOLA The Knicks, bogged down by bad basketball and puzzling moves by team owner James L. Dolan, hit a new low when former star Charles Oakley was barred indefinitely from Madison Square Garden. Sports of The Times: Dolan’s Garden Is Falling. Run. Mayor and Comptroller Clash Over Body Camera Deal By WILLIAM NEUMAN Mayor Bill de Blasio traded barbs with city comptroller Scott M. Stringer over Mr. Stringer’s refusal to register a $6 million deal to supply police officers with body cameras. 10 Things to Do in NYC This Weekend and Beyond More News Mike Ilitch, Founder of Little Caesars Pizza, Dies at 87 12:00 AM ET Ljubisa Beara, Who Oversaw Srebrenica Massacre, Dies Rare Survivor of a Philippine Drug Raid Takes the Police to Court Former A.I.G. Leaders Reach Settlement in Fraud Case Ford to Invest $1 Billion in A.I. Start-Up California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. A Pianist’s Warsaw: ‘Fascination and Pain’ Piotr Anderszewski made a film, “Je M’Appelle Varsovie” (“Warsaw Is My Name”), that helped him come to terms with his conflicted feelings about his homeland. Nicolai Gedda, Celebrated Opera Tenor, Dies at 91 The Swedish singer rose from a poor childhood to become a renowned opera star in Europe and the United States. Ancient People Guided Brazil’s Forests by Hand New research finds that humans were sustainably managing the landscape, perhaps thousands of years before they were carving intricate geoglyphs into the earth. The Opinion Pages Editorial An Anti-Consumer Agenda at the F.C.C. This agency’s new chairman is bent on overturning Obama-era rules meant to make phone, cable and internet service fair and affordable.  Comments Op-Ed Contributor The Ties That Blind By RICHARD THOMPSON FORD What do those too shiny, badly knotted, adhesive-buttressed neckties say about the president? Join us on Facebook » Get My Racist Ancestor’s Name Off of Yale’s Campus By TOBIAS HOLDEN I am a black student who fought to scrub “Calhoun” from a Yale residence. I didn’t know I was his descendant. Editorial: America’s So-Called National Security Adviser Collins: Footing the Bill for Trumps 9:45 PM ET Brooks: A Gift for Donald Cohen: Am I Imagining This? Krugman: When the Fire Comes Egan: Democrats’ Sugar High Campus Politics in the Age of Trump User Subscriptions Aren’t We Off Sugar Now? Not Quite. Welcome Yotam Ottolenghi. Good, Bad and Mad: Andrew Rosenthal on the News Times Insider » Aren’t We Off Sugar Now? Not Quite. Welcome Yotam Ottolenghi. The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Music Latin Jazz is Booming Far Beyond the Grammys Sunday Review Welcome Back, Wall Street. Now Pay Us Back. In return for the death of Dodd-Frank, bankers should agree to a new compensation system, writes William D. Cohan. Mind Karen Pence Picks a Cause: Art Therapists Art & Design Wielding an Art Mightier Than the Sword Sunday Review Microbes, a Love Story Theater That ‘Sunset Boulevard’ Close-Up, Finely Focused Travel Evoking Bygone Jazz Age With Modern Touch Opinion Editorial Observer: Help! My Constituents Are After Me! Republicans afraid to buck President Trump play cat-and-mouse with angry voters. Book Review Ali Smith: By the Book N.Y. / Region At 100, a Conductor, Like the Music, Keeps Going Opinion Op-Ed: The Ties That Blind Food Thai Food to Hearten the Homesick in Queens Sections World » Dutch Get Creative to Solve a Prison Problem: Too Many Empty Cells Steve Bannon Cited Italian Thinker Who Inspired Fascists Canada Today: An Isolated Lake and a Welcome Mat for Refugees Business Day » Former A.I.G. Executives Reach Settlement in Accounting Fraud Case Daytime TV’s New Star? Sean Spicer Shopping Becomes a Political Act in the Trump Era Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: The Ties That Blind Editorial: An Anti-Consumer Agenda at the F.C.C. Gail Collins: Footing the Bill for Trumps U.S. » Addiction Treatment Grew Under Health Law. Now What? Reports of Raids Have Immigrants Bracing for Enforcement Surge Illegal Voting Gets Texas Woman 8 Years in Prison, and Certain Deportation Technology » Ford to Invest $1 Billion in Artificial Intelligence Start-Up Plan for $10 Billion Chip Plant Shows China’s Growing Pull Twitter Struggles to Capitalize on Influence and Posts Lackluster Earnings Arts » So, How Did I Do?: This City Ballet Dancer Has a New Role: Being Bad Review: It’s Norman Mailer vs. Feminists in ‘The Town Hall Affair’ Latin Jazz is Booming. Look Beyond the Grammys to Find It. Politics » News Analysis: Trump Foreign Policy Quickly Loses Its Sharp Edge Trump Will ‘Look Into’ Reports That Flynn Discussed Sanctions With Russia Tom Price Is Sworn in as Health Secretary Amid Senate Disunity Fashion & Style » 7 Things to Know From the First 2 Days of Fashion Week Fashion Review: At Calvin Klein, Raf Simons Raises the Bar Rag & Bone Says No to the Runway Show Movies » The Women of ‘Star Wars.’ (It’s Not Who You Think.) Before ‘Fifty Shades Darker’: 10 Kinky Films ‘The Ring’ Told Us in 2002 That the Medium Is the Monster New York » New York 101: How New York City Gets Its Electricity De Blasio and Stringer Trade Barbs Over Police Body Camera Deal Big City: Reaction in New York to Betsy DeVos? A Lot of Shrugs Sports » Sports of The Times: James Dolan’s Garden Is Falling. Run. Knicks Invent New Type of Loss as Owner Banishes Charles Oakley On Tennis: Trying to Find the Right Tennis Racket? Here’s a High-Tech Solution. Theater » Review: That ‘Sunset Boulevard’ Close-Up, Finely Focused Review: A New ‘Big River,’ Endearing but Ill Timed Review: ‘The Object Lesson’ Amid the Cardboard Clutter Science » Trilobites: Long Before Making Enigmatic Earthworks, People Reshaped Brazil’s Rain Forest Trilobites: Lunar Eclipse and Green Comet Make for Busy Friday Night in the Sky Trilobites: What Makes a Woman a Good Dancer? Watch the Hips, a Study Says Obituaries » Nicolai Gedda, Celebrated Opera Tenor, Dies at 91 Buchi Emecheta, Nigerian Novelist, Dies at 72 Ljubisa Beara, Who Oversaw Massacre at Srebrenica, Dies at 77 Television » Trump and ‘S.N.L.’: A Look Back at a Complicated Relationship Review: ‘The Dark Side of the Sun,’ and, by the Way, We’re Doomed The Walking Dead: ‘The Walking Dead’ Is Back: 7 Questions for the Second Half Premiere Health » Karen Pence Picks a Cause, and Art Therapists Feel Angst The New Old Age: Doctors See Gains Against ‘an Urgent Threat,’ C. Diff Tom Price Is Confirmed as Health Secretary Travel » 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Brooklyn Footsteps: Exploring the Montreal That Leonard Cohen Loved Next Stop: What to Find in Salinas Valley: Lush Fields, Good Wine and, Yes, Steinbeck Books » Fiction: Colson Whitehead on George Saunders’s Novel About Lincoln and Lost Souls Fiction & Nonfiction: Drawn Into the Middle East: A Novel, a Memoir and an Account of Life in the Region By the Book: Ali Smith: By the Book Education » New York Changes How It Tests for Lead in Schools’ Water, and Finds More Metal Pop Quiz | Math: Are You College-Ready? Trying to Solve a Bigger Math Problem Food » A Good Appetite: This Sauce Makes Everything Taste Better City Kitchen: Pastry for Those Who Prefer Savory to Sweet Hungry City: Thai Food to Hearten the Homesick at Dek Sen in Elmhurst, Queens Sunday Review » Linda Greenhouse: Will the Supreme Court Stand Up to Trump? Opinion: Why Nobody Cares the President Is Lying Editorial: Mr. Trump’s Random Insult Diplomacy Real Estate » Loving the Bodega Downstairs 360 View: Light Bulbs That Help You Sleep What I Love: Barbara Barrie’s Loft in the Sky The Upshot » Public Health: How to Fix (or Wreck) Obamacare: Advice for Tom Price Simplifying Shelter: Why Falling Home Prices Could Be a Good Thing Economic View: A Tax Overhaul Would Be Great in Theory. Here’s Why It’s So Hard in Practice. Magazine » Feature: How a Fractious Women’s Movement Came to Lead the Left Feature: The Preacher and the Sheriff Feature: 600 Miles in a Coffin-Shaped Bus, Campaigning Against Death Itself Automobiles » Driven: Video Review: Porsche Panamera Now Has Looks to Match Its Speed and Luxury Trump Wants More American Cars in Japan. Japan’s Drivers Don’t. German Automakers Step Up to Silicon Valley Challenge T Magazine » In the Studio With Mansur Gavriel, Where Instagram Is Real Life All You Need to Know About Fashion Week Going Home With Chloë Sevigny Times Insider » What We’re Reading Talk to The Times: Does the Idea of a Travel Ban Make You Mad, Sad or Glad? Looking Back: 1941 | On a Day of Infamy, The Times Is On the Air Real Estate » What I Love Barbara Barrie’s Loft in the Sky By JOANNE KAUFMAN A Broadway actress on what matters most at home: quiet and light. Mostly light. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Child porn brings man 46 months Woman sentenced in man’s overdose death Son accused of theft, allowing woman’s death Police release suspect images in Vancouver card thefts Growing our Future: A taste of a food industry worth developing Some Comcast phone users can’t make calls, including 911 Vancouver police shoot, kill suspected car thief after altercation   Camas students chosen to attend U.N. Commission on the Status of Women Oregon man sentenced in underage police sting State AG office seeks to civilly commit convicted sex offender Future of Housing Summit doesn’t sugarcoat situation Clark County has big housing problems. Housing has become too expensive and ill-suited for an aging population, and the industry… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines High school scoreboard 2-11 Freshman sparks Washougal girls to district win Fast start not enough for Prairie boys in loss Newest Mariners on board as spring training arrives Boys basketball: Evergreen 98, Bonney Lake 72 Girls basketball: La Center 64, Tenino 17 Girls basketball: Black Hills 75, Columbia River 34 Camas girls first to secure berth to state with win Girls basketball: W.F. West 73, Woodland 51 Girls basketball: Hoquiam 50, Seton Catholic 47 (OT) Union’s hot hand is Reznick in bi-district win The winning formula with the Union boys basketball team come playoff time is no different than another regular-season game, really,… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories ‘We are against a travel ban,’ Under Armour says Construction firm cited for $200K in safety violations Massage studio franchise to open Monday Growing our Future: A taste of a food industry worth developing Sears looks to cut $1B in 2017 Cars made in Mexico are popular in U.S. Boeing wins $13.8 billion wide-body jet order from Singapore Air Report: Trump travel ban cost $185M in bookings Stock indexes extend climb to record heights ESI will restructure, closing sites cutting jobs Cars made in Mexico are popular in U.S. DETROIT — Some of America’s most popular cars and trucks are made in Mexico — for now. Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Felines going to the dog show, though not for the competition Oscar-nominated short films share big screen at Kiggins, Liberty theaters Theater companies brighten gloomy time of year with love and laughs George’s Molon Lave Greek at its brightest Irwin embraces goofy side in ‘Legion’ Go: Valentine’s dance, Lantern festivities, I-5 Bridge birthday Watch for these at New York ‘Cold Justice’ moves to network with new focus Women rally to parody Trump team on ‘SNL’ Gaga’s half-time show mirrors ‘Simpsons’ Theater companies brighten gloomy time of year with love and laughs The Big War was travel enough for Gus Klingman. He came home to New Jersey and stayed put. After his… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: On Education, Stay Focused Robinson: Governing by temper tantrum a threat to the world Letter: Vote ‘yes’ on Battle Ground levy Letter: Don’t be fooled; we’ll pay for wall Letter: Ignore Trump subterfuge Letter: Herrera Beutler makes right call Letter: Liberals are whining. Sad! Letter: Vote ‘no’ on Battle Ground levy In Our View: Good Start on Bridge Talk Cepeda: Math is hard but telling kids that won’t help them learn Editorial Cartoons: Feb. 5-11 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Spills cause slippery situation for Vancouver businesses   Everybody Has a Story: Very Special Valentine’s Meal leaves a bad taste Battle Ground boy gives back to Second Chance Companions Students, library dress up for fancy lunch Students build creativity with Women in Construction Oregon aquarium teaches students about tide pool creatures Washougal kitchens earn clean reports Vancouver branch cleans up during holiday drive Middle schooler spends week as legislative page Spotlight on Youth Spills cause slippery situation for Vancouver businesses Back-to-back spills of liquid substances in an alleyway in Uptown Village recently left some neighborhood businesses fuming. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Tech industry continues to struggle with lack of diversity in workforce Jaysean Erby raises his hands Dec. 9, 2015, as he solves a coding problem while Apple CEO Tim Cook watches from behind at an Apple Store in New York as Apple hosted Hour of Code events around the world. (Associated Press files) By BARBARA ORTUTAY, Associated Press Published: February 5, 2017, 6:05 AM A   A NEW YORK — The tech industry brought us self-driving cars, artificial intelligence and 3-D printers. But when it comes to racial and gender diversity, its leading companies are no trailblazers. Despite loudly touted efforts to hire more blacks, Latinos and women, especially in technical and leadership positions, diversity numbers at the largest tech companies are barely budging. In 2014, 2 percent of Googlers were black and 3 percent were Hispanic, numbers that have not changed since. The picture is similar at Facebook and Twitter. Microsoft is slightly more racially diverse (though not when it comes to gender) and Apple even more so, though still not reflective of the U.S. population. Amazon is more racially diverse still, although it counts a large, lower-wage warehouse workforce in its totals. Women, meanwhile, make up less than a third of the workforce at many companies — even less in engineering and other technical jobs. Tech companies themselves tend to blame a “pipeline problem,” meaning a shortage of women and minorities with technical qualifications. But a number of academic experts, industry employees and diversity advocates say there’s a bigger problem. Silicon Valley, they argue, has failed to challenge its own unstated assumptions about what makes for great tech employees. “The people who are doing the hiring are not changing their thinking around what they view as qualified,” says Leslie Miley, engineering director at the message-service startup Slack. Hiring managers, he says, spend too much time worrying that applicants who don’t fit techie stereotypes aren’t “Google-y enough or Facebook-y enough or Apple-y enough or Twitter-y enough.” Miley, who is African-American, previously worked as an engineer at Twitter, Apple, Google and Yahoo. • THE INDUSTRY IS TRYING. Companies are spending a lot of time and money on improving diversity. Two years ago, Intel splashily set itself the goal of achieving full representation in its workforce by 2020. Despite committing $300 million to the effort and making some early progress, Intel acknowledges there is “a great deal of work to be done.” Similar programs are in place throughout the industry, from outreach at high schools and historically black colleges to internship and mentoring programs and sponsorships for coding boot camps. So far, to little avail. Why? Interviews with more than 30 tech workers, executives and diversity advocates suggest the blame lies with subtle biases in hiring, unwelcoming work environments and a paucity of diverse role models in top positions. Aniyia Williams, founder and CEO of the startup Tinsel, says companies should focus on their own culture rather than blaming external factors they can’t control, such as limited computer-science education in U.S. schools. It’s not enough to release diversity reports and say, “Oh, not a lot has changed, but it’s the world, not us that’s the problem,” she says. Williams, who is African-American, says she has made sure to hire women as well as underrepresented minorities. Tinsel makes tech jewelry targeted at women. • WHY IT MATTERS. Diversity isn’t just about fairness. It’s about having designers who reflect the diversity of the people they are designing for. For tech companies hoping to reach millions or billions of users, a lack of diversity could mean their products “will not appeal to a large population,” says Lillian Cassel, chairwoman of computer sciences at Villanova University. Diverse perspectives can also help prevent grievous errors — such as a problem that arose at Google in 2015, when a photo-recognition feature misidentified black faces as gorillas. Some related missteps: • Snapchat released two photo filters that contorted facial features into bucktoothed Asian caricatures or blackface. One was later withdrawn after public outcry. The other “expired,” and the company said it won’t put it back into circulation. • Airbnb initially took no steps to prevent hosts from discriminating against guests whose profile photos showed they were black. The practice was corrected after an outcry. • Twitter took nearly a decade to tackle the harassment of women and minorities on its service. In a New York Times opinion piece, Microsoft researcher Kate Crawford urged companies working on artificial intelligence to address diversity, warning that otherwise “we will see ingrained forms of bias built into the artificial intelligence of the future.” • INTO THE PIPELINE. Some 11 percent of computer science graduates were black and 9 percent were Hispanic in the 2013-14 school year, according to the latest data from the U.S. Department of Education. Yet only 4 percent of Google’s 2015 hires were black, and 3 percent were Hispanic. At Intel, fewer than 5 percent of hires were black and 8 percent were Hispanic. Numbers at other tech companies are comparable. Major tech companies have a long tradition of hiring applicants from top-tier universities — and those universities also have a problem with diversity, even if they’re doing slightly better than the companies. Some minority applicants, meanwhile, earn their computer-science chops through community colleges or coding boot camps instead — places often overlooked by recruiters. The few minorities hired into big tech companies can often feel alienated in overwhelmingly white (and sometimes Asian) environments. Unsurprisingly, they are sometimes reluctant to recommend their employer to friends, classmates and former colleagues, furthering the cycle of underrepresentation, Williams and others say. • WHEN THE CULTURE DOESN’T FIT. Silicon Valley startups like to talk about “culture fit” — in theory, the question of whether a job candidate’s attitude and behavior meshes well with a company. In practice, though, it can mean that since a lot of people are white and male, they “hire what they know,” says Dave McClure, a prominent angel investor in Silicon Valley. Larger companies such as Facebook publicly eschew discussions of “fit,” although the notion can unwittingly seep into hiring practices. For example, a 2013 study found that words used in engineering and programming job listings could serve to discourage women from applying. Words like “competitive,” “dominant” and “leader” can make a job seem less appealing to women in a field that is already male-dominated. Some companies, including Facebook, offer training on “unconscious bias” to combat the problem. But they don’t make such training mandatory for all employees. And once hired, people can get lost in the shuffle given the lack of role models and mentors in higher ranks — and thus find it difficult to advance. • MAKING CHANGE HAPPEN. Nancy Lee, the Google official in charge of diversity efforts, says the gorilla face-recognition incident was a “wake-up call” for the company. “We need to include all voices from a multitude of backgrounds and experiences (when it comes to the) technology we create,” she says. “We firmly believe that good ideas don’t come out of echo chambers.” Lee says things are getting better, slowly, but that it can be “demoralizing” to those working on diversity issues to be pressured to do things quickly. “We want to solve this for the long haul,” she says. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
x PhoneArena is hiring! Reviewer in the USA PhoneArena Search Login Register Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile View all Manufacturers Samsung Sony Apple HTC LG Huawei Motorola Google View all Phone tools Phone finder New phones Popular phones Compare phones Size compare Best phones Camera comparison Benchmarks Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Manufacturers Apple Samsung Asus Amazon Tablet tools Tablet finder New tablets Popular tablets Compare tablets News Reviews Videos Tip us Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung Apple LG Motorola Sony HTC Huawei Google more ... Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung Motorola HTC LG BlackBerry Apple Nokia more ... News Reviews Videos Tip us Tools Phone Finder Compare phones Size compare Camera comparison Best phones Discussions Benchmarks Show menu Home › News › New Balance RunIQ smartwatch up for grabs on Amazon for $300, but ships in 1-2 months New Balance RunIQ smartwatch up for grabs on Amazon for $300, but ships in 1-2 months Posted: 04 Feb 2017, 21:01, by Cosmin V. Share Tweet Share Tags : Android-Android+ Wearables-Wearables+ Intel and New Balance announced the product of their collaboration, the RunIQ smartwatch, in early January at CES 2017 trade fair. Starting today, customers can order one through Amazon for just $300. Unfortunately, those who order the smartwatch will have to wait quite a long time since Amazon states the New Balance RunIQ usually ships within 1 to 2 months. If you don't want to wait so long, then you might have more luck when ordering the smartwatch from the New Balance site. The timing chosen by New Balance for the release of its RunIQ smartwatch powered by Android Wear 1.5 seems a bit off considering Google is about to launch Android Wear 2.0 this week. On top of that, other companies are likely to launch their Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches by the time New Balance will be able to start shipping the RunIQ. If you can get past the fact that you will have to wait so long for the smartwatch, the RunIQ seem a quite decent choice. The wearable device is powered by am Intel Atom Z34XX CPU and packs a 410 mAh battery inside. The smartwatch carries a 1.39-inch AMOLED display, as well as 512MB RAM and 4GB of internal memory. Wi-Fi and Bluetooth are also on board, along with GPS and heart monitor. Even though New Balance RunIQ ships with Android Wear 1.5, there's no doubt that customers will be able to update it to the latest version, Android Wear 2.0. New Balance RunIQ Popular galleries Samsung Galaxy S7 before and after the Android Nougat update: here's what's changed Galaxy S6 Nougat update manual is out, here are the differences with Android 7 on the S7 Best smartphones you can buy right now: February 2017 Motorola goes for the funny bone with new social media ads 7 key new features and visuals of the Android 7 Nougat update for your Galaxy S7 and S7 edge #TheNextGalaxy: Here are 8 rumored features of the Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 edge, and S8 Plus Render me speechless: Samsung Galaxy S8 leak-based renders, concepts, and design mock-ups Best Chinese Android smartphones (February 2017) 7 awesome hardcore games for Android and iOS Pixel vs Nexus UI comparison: are there any major differences? FIT 100%-+ ‹ PREV 1 of 5 NEXT › image image image image image View As One Page » View As Slideshow » New Balance RunIQ 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. source: Amazon, New Balance Everything's coming up roses for T-Mobile Tuesday 04 Feb Prev news Samsung Galaxy S7 edge won't receive Android 7.0 Nougat in all regions 04 Feb Next news Close newer posts Roofbot is the free iOS app of the week 05 Feb Huawei P10 and P10 Plus specs and pricing appear on leaked document 04 Feb Bing predicts that the New England Patriots will win Super Bowl 51 in a 04 Feb Samsung Galaxy S7 edge won't receive Android 7.0 Nougat in all regions 04 Feb Now reading: New Balance RunIQ smartwatch up for grabs on Amazon for $300, but ships in 1-2 months New Balance RunIQ smartwatch up for grabs on Amazon for $300, but ships 04 Feb Everything's coming up roses for T-Mobile Tuesday 04 Feb Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro could be launched globally 04 Feb February security patch could be rolled out to Pixel and Nexus devices 04 Feb Nintendo's Fire Emblem: Heroes makes almost $3 million on release day 04 Feb LeEco is selling smartphones and Bluetooth accessories with discounts for 04 Feb older posts Featured stories   The LG G6 wil use the Snapdragon 821 for a great reason   iPhone 8 might get an iris scanner   Bad news: 10% worse battery life on S7 and S7 Edge after Nougat update   Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) is a battery beast   Ming-Chi Kuo: iPhone 8 wireless charging a sure thing   Apple iPhone vs Samsung Galaxy: a history of the biggest smart phone rivalry 1 Comments Follow Following Options Close Always view all comments Show comments: default hide low rated show moderated comments Display mode: Threaded Chronological Newest first Save posted on 05 Feb 2017, 03:33 0 Reply 1. sgodsell (Posts: 4102; Member since: 16 Mar 2013) Since Android Wear 2.0 is coming out in 3 days. Then why can't they just ship it with Android Wear 2.0 instead? Especially since they are shipping it in 1-2 months from now anyways. The only downside side is the Intel processor. I have the first gen Q Founder, and battery life sucked with that version. However their second gen Q Founder has much better battery life, because they decided to go with the new Qualcomm Snapdragon Wear 2100 SoC, which has much better battery life. Intel doesn't really have a good track record with battery life, especially in small devices like smart watches, view all comments Want to comment? Please login or register. Show menu Home › News › New Balance RunIQ smartwatch up for grabs on Amazon for $300, but ships in 1-2 months New Balance RunIQ smartwatch up for grabs on Amazon for $300, but ships in 1-2 months Popular stories Last week Last 2 days Most commented   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge won't receive Android 7.0 Nougat in all regions in Q1 2017   Galaxy S8's Snapdragon 835 chipset gets benchmarked, scores no worse than a Galaxy S7   Cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus confirm placement of fingerprint reader?   Everything's coming up roses for T-Mobile Tuesday 1 2 3 4 Recent Articles Apple iPhone vs Samsung Galaxy: a history of the biggest smart phone rivalry The only junk on your phone is your "junk cleaner" app, and here's the proof Samsung Galaxy S8 vs LG G6: preliminary specs comparison (poll results) 1 2 3 4 Hot Phones Apple iPhone 7 9.3 Review HTC U Ultra Samsung Galaxy S7 9 Review LG G5 8.3 Review Apple iPhone 7 Plus 9.3 Review Samsung Galaxy Note 7 8.7 Review Google Pixel XL 9 Review HTC 10 9 Review Latest stories   1 2 Interesting stories The only junk on your phone is your "junk cleaner" app, and here's the proof Gone but not forgotten: a brief history of failed smartphone operating systems Apple's big quarter in charts 7 awesome Android and iOS games you've probably never heard of #DeleteUber is wrong because it misunderstands surge pricing 2017 is shaping up to be the year we hit "AI" assistant overload Best Chinese Android smartphones Best smartphones you can buy right now: February 2017 Home Manufacturers Carriers News Reviews Discussions Videos PhoneArena network: CDN services by: Affiliates: PubGalaxy, Cell phone accessories, Cell Phone Accessories About Us . Advertise . Contact Us . Database Licensing . Links . Jobs All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2017 phoneArena.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy . Terms of use . Cookies . Team View mobile version  
Home News Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Open Source Hardware Software Security Resources Industry Voice SMB Spotlight Newsletters Resources Stay turned on: The importance of UC&C Learn what IT professionals need to do in order to keep Unified Communications and Collaboration systems always on, while making sure these systems do not negatively impact on other high priority applications residing on the same converged IP network... Download Your questions answered: How to protect your data in the cloud The number of successful cyberattacks per year per company has increased by 46% over the last four years. But what really needs to be considered when exploring a solution? What questions need to be asked? Download to find out... Download Find resources Search by title or subject area View all resources Follow us RSS Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters Facebook Google+ YouTube Newsletter Industry Voice SMB Spotlight The Inquirer Home News Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Open Source Hardware Software Security Software Apple, Intel and 95 others forge legal fight against Trump's travel ban No party like it's 1939 Apple, Intel and 95 others forge legal fight against Trump's travel ban Dave Neal @daveneal33 06 February 2017 Tweet   Facebook   Google plus       Send to   0 Comments YOU ARE NOT ALONE. Around 100 technology companies think that President Trump's plans to stop people from a range of countries from entering the US is a bad idea. Ideologically it is not the sort of thing that America is supposed to be based on, and fundamentally, a lot of people have a problem with it. Technology companies are a bit like people, and they too have issues with the controversial act. 97 technology companies, including Apple, Facebook, Intel and Zynga, have provided an amicus brief, which is a kind of legal, but friendly word with the courts about an issue. The brief is filed with the US court of appeals which is trying to work out if and how the Trump plans can actually be accepted and implemented. The brief is online, naturally, and it puts forward a very compelling case. Some of the companies have already made protest noises, and Twitter, for example, was particularly vocal when the shit first hit the fan. "Immigrants make many of the Nation's greatest discoveries, and create some of the country's most innovative and iconic companies," says the brief according to Bloomberg. "America has long recognised the importance of protecting ourselves against those who would do us harm. But it has done so while maintaining our fundamental commitment to welcoming immigrants - through increased background checks and other controls of people seeking to enter our country." The letter, reportedly, adds that the rules will make hiring people hard. This is probably the tip of the iceberg. The Trump rule is by no means done, despite the great efforts that the President puts into tweeting about it, and a US District judge has temporarily lifted the ban. An appeals court declined to immediately reinstate the immigration restrictions over the weekend. But perhaps Trump will just sack them all. µ Tweet   Facebook   Google plus       Send to   Topics Software Friction Apple cloud computing donald trump Intel INQ Latest Google Updates: Chrome OS, Chrome VR, Chrome PWA No place like Chrome Software 10 February 2017 When batteries explode (plus one that doesn't) Your essential guide to not getting a face full of shrapnel and flaming battery acid Hardware 10 February 2017 NASA equipment shutdown and fire blamed on rogue security patch Fire went unnoticed because the patch also took down the fire alarm system Security 10 February 2017 WhatsApp beefs up its security credentials with two-step verification Rollout comes after flaw recently left users open to MITM attacks Security 10 February 2017 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Back to Top Most read Nokia P1 and D1C price, release date and specs 5 reasons why the Xbox One S is worse than the original 11 of the best PC games coming in 2017 Best smartphones 2017: Nokia P1, BlackBerry DTEK70, Galaxy Note 8 and more Google releases all-HTML5 Chrome 56 with extra encryption cues Contact Marketing solutions Enterprise IT Events About Incisive Media Terms & conditions Privacy policy RSS Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters Facebook Google+ YouTube © Incisive Media Investments Limited 2015 © Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited, Published by Incisive Business Media Limited, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX, are companies registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 9177174 & 9178013 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Trump wears his ties long. It’s not by accident. The cancer on the Trump presidency Standing up for ‘so-called’ law Is flying with pot cleared for takeoff? Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Tech opposition to Trump propelled by employees, not executives E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share By DAVID STREITFELD New York Times News Service  February 06, 2017 In late September, a group of tech leaders started a well-publicized effort to raise $100,000 for Hillary Clinton. In flush Silicon Valley, that is spare change. But by the time the election was over, the campaign had pulled in only $76,324. For all its visceral dislike of Donald Trump, the tech community did not worry too much about him being elected or, once in office, carrying through with his program. Lulled by favorable polls, distracted by its own destiny, Silicon Valley was above all else complacent. Advertisement No longer. After President Trump’s Jan. 27 executive order restricting immigration, high-tech has gone full-tilt political. Companies are being pushed by their employees, by their customers, and sometimes by their ideals. They are trying to go far enough without going too far. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Nearly 130 companies, most of them in the technology field, filed an amicus brief late Sunday in the US Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit, which declined to reinstate the travel ban after a lower court blocked it. The brief, which was signed by an unusually broad coalition of large and small tech companies that included Apple, Facebook, Microsoft, Google, Uber, and Intel, said Trump’s order “violates the immigration laws and the Constitution.” “Silicon Valley is stepping up,” said Sam Altman, who runs the valley’s most prominent startup incubator, Y Combinator. “The companies are working on three fronts: They are vociferously objecting to the Trump policies they think are bad, they are trying to engage with him to influence his behavior, and they are developing new technology to work against policies and political discourse they don’t support.” It is an improvised and complicated strategy. The companies are among the richest and most popular of US brands, which means they have a good deal of leverage. Yet they are also uniquely vulnerable — not only to presidential postings on Twitter and executive orders, but to the sentiments of their customers and employees, some of whom have more radical ideas in mind. Advertisement Many of the companies initially placed their bets on engagement after an upbeat meeting with the president-elect in December. That modest approach, which even the most risk-averse executive can endorse, showed its limits last week. After widespread customer defections, Travis Kalanick, chief executive of Uber, was forced to step down from one of the administration’s advisory councils. “People voted with their feet, and Travis listened,” said Dave McClure, who runs the 500 Startups incubator and started the Nerdz 4 Hillary group that tried to raise the $100,000. “We need to hold the other tech leaders accountable in the same way.” Resistance, McClure said, begins at home. “You don’t have a voice with the president if you didn’t vote for him,” he said. “But employees and customers have a voice with the tech companies. Silicon Valley should be demonstrating at the front doors of Google, Facebook, and Twitter to make sure they share our values.” Several factors are propelling Silicon Valley to the front lines of opposition to Trump. Some have been widely noted: The companies are often founded by and run by immigrants, which made the executive order on immigration offensive and a threat to their way of doing business. Tech companies frequently stress the importance of talent from other countries to their businesses. Less remarked on has been the political homogeneity of tech workers. “It’s not like you have 60 percent of the employees on one side and 40 percent on the other,” said Ken Shotts, a professor of political economy at the Stanford Graduate School of Business. “They all have the same leanings.” Trump does have some support in Silicon Valley, most notably venture capitalist Peter Thiel. And prominent technology names that did not join the amicus brief include Oracle, the big database company; the two companies that used to be Hewlett-Packard; and Tesla, the electric-car company. Yet another factor pushing the companies is the perennially tight job market in technology. Executives cannot afford to alienate a large bloc of workers. Beyond this, there is the mythology of Silicon Valley, which holds that the work being done there is building a better future. Google’s former slogan “Don’t be evil” is the most forceful expression of this. “If you go around making a lot of statements about your exalted role in society, at some point your employees might just make you follow through,” Shotts said. Since the executive order was issued, the companies have struggled to keep on the same page with their employees. Microsoft, for instance, initially made relatively muted comments that mostly celebrated immigration. Twenty-four hours later, it was much blunter, calling the order “misguided and a fundamental step backwards,” and saying it would create “much collateral damage to the country’s reputation and values.” At an all-hands meeting at the beginning of the week with the chief executive, Satya Nadella, who was born in India, Microsoft employees expressed their concern. The company did not file a formal declaration supporting Washington state’s effort to block the order the way Amazon and Expedia did, but its public comments assisted the effort, Bob Ferguson, the state attorney general, said. The immigration battle is in Microsoft’s self-interest. Seventy-six of its employees were affected by the order, the company said. Some in Silicon Valley have more expansive hopes for the tech companies there. “In 2016, we saw how technology could be used to polarize ourselves to extreme levels,” said Altman of Y Combinator. “The most important thing we could do is figure out how to use technology to depolarize the nation.” Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Your Ad Choices Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close We hope you’ve enjoyed your 5 free articles Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Subscribe Now Already a subscriber? Log in DON'T MISS THESE MUST READS Get unlimited access and never miss a story Trump wears his ties long. It’s not by accident. The cancer on the Trump presidency Standing up for ‘so-called’ law Is flying with pot cleared for takeoff? Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW Already a subscriber? Log in Your city. Your stories. Your Globe. Yours FREE for two weeks. Enjoy free unlimited access to Globe.com for the next two weeks. Limited time only - No credit card required! Get Today's Headlines newsletter Remember me BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial. Thanks & Welcome to Globe.com You now have unlimited access for the next two weeks. Explore Globe.com BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial.
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Biz Break: Airbnb gets political with… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Central California still sinking Girl Scouts robbed Scalped puppy Metallica mansion Raiders to Vegas Rain driving tips Business Biz Break: Airbnb gets political with short-term housing plan Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Airbnb Airbnb used its Super Bowl ad to promote diversity and said it will offer short-term housing to 100,000 refugess, disaster survivors and aid workers over the next five years. By Rex Crum | rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com | PUBLISHED: February 6, 2017 at 3:05 pm | UPDATED: February 6, 2017 at 3:06 pm Top of the Order:  Making Room: If you watched the Super Bowl on Sunday, you may have been as interested in the commercials as the ridiculously thrilling 34-28 overtime victory by the New England Patriots over the Atlanta Falcons. As is always the case with the Super Bowl, most of the ads were creative and entertaining. Budweiser, Google, Kia, Tide, 84 Lumber, Justin Bieber for T-Mobile (well, we could have done without the Beebs) were among the advertisers who each paid an average of $5 million for 30 seconds of airtime during the biggest TV audience of the year. Related Articles Biz Break: Yelp’s investors yelp in response to company’s outlook Biz Break: Pandora flexes muscles, but outlook disappoints IBM employees petition CEO to back away from Trump Biz Break: Apple reportedly plans to only make iPhones at its first India factory Biz Break: AMD stock soars as it preps new products But there was one company that might have run the simplest, and most-powerful ad of any of those shown during the game: Airbnb. The San Francisco-based home-and-vacation rental company put up a spot that was about as basic as a commercial could get: just faces of different people from an array of races and nationalities. A simple tune played as the images changed and the following words appeared on screen: “No matter who you are, where you’re from, who you love, who you worship, we all belong. The world is more beautiful the more you accept.” The ad concluded with the hashtag #weaccept above the Airbnb logo. The commercial is part of a broader initiative by Airbnb to oppose President Donald Trump’s recent executive order, which temporarily bans immigration from seven majority-Muslim countries. The matter is tied up in court as Trump’s administration appeals a stay of the order by a federal judge in Washington state. Airbnb said that as part of its campaign, it intends to provide short-term housing for 100,000 “people in need” over the next five years. Refugees, disaster victims and relief workers will be the first ones Airbnb will assist, and the company said it hopes to include other displaced people during the program’s length. Airbnb made the announcement in a post on the company’s website that was signed by co-founders Nathan Blecharczyk, Brian Chesky and Joe Gebbia. Additionally, Airbnb said it will donate $4 million to the International Rescue Committee “to support the most critical needs of displaced populations globally.” Middle Innings: Droning Formation: Along with the game and the commercials, the third part of the big triumvirate of any Super Bowl broadcast is the halftime show. This year, it was Lady Gaga’s turn to entertain a TV audience of more than 160 million. And the singer didn’t disappoint, as she started the show from the top of Houston’s NRG Stadium, jumped onto the stage below (aided by some safety wires) and ran through almost 15 minutes of her biggest hits. It might not have been as great as what Prince did a few years ago (still the gold standard for Super Bowl halftime performances), but it sure wasn’t like what used to pass for entertainment during the Super Bowls of the 1970s, either. One of the highlights of Lady Gaga’s show was the giant American flag that appeared to light up the sky above the stadium. If the lights seemed to hover and move like a flag in the wind, that was due to one of the latest technological fads to grab the public’s attention: drone aircraft. Specifically, 300 drones from Intel’s Shooting Star drone squad. It was quite the sight, and demonstrated Intel’s ongoing efforts to move into areas beyond its longtime core PC business. Each of the drones was a testament to the choreography of flying 300 objects in a formation, and their capability of producing four billion LED color combinations. The only drawback might have been that the drones performance wasn’t live. Regulations keep aircraft a certain distance away from NRG Stadium, and as a result, Intel had to record the drones’ performance earlier in the week. But, hey, even Lady Gaga lip-synched some of her “singing,” too, and we haven’t heard too many complaints about that, yet. Bottom of the Lineup: Here’s a look at how some leading Silicon Valley stocks did Monday. Movin’ on Up: Gains came from Advanced Micro Devices, Nektar Therapeutics, Accuray, Gigamon and Jive Software. In the Red: Decliners included Oclaro, Aemetis, Invensense, Quotient Technology and NeoPhotonics. The tech-focused Nasdaq Composite Index slipped by 0.1 percent to 5,663.55. The blue chip Dow Jones Industrial Average also gave up 0.1 percent to end the day at 20,052.42. And the broad-based Standard & Poor’s 500 Index shed 0.2 percent to finish at 2,292.56. Quote of the Day: “It was unbelievable. I’m just proud to be a part of this great group.” –Patriots quarterback Tom Brady after leading his team to its fifth Super Bowl win on Sunday. By all accounts, The Pride of San Mateo ended any debate about his position as the greatest quarterback of all time. Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com. Tags:  60 Second Biz Break Airbnb Drones Immigration Intel Technology Rex Crum Rex Crum is the senior web editor for the business section for The Mercury News and Bay Area News Group. He also writes about business and technology for the publications' print and web editions, and has covered business and technology for nearly two decades. A native of Seattle, he remains a diehard Seahawks and Mariners fan and is imparting his fandom to his Oakland-native wife and two young daughters. Follow Rex Crum @rexcrum Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Draymond Green’s historic triple double helps Warriors exorcise their Memphis demons Crisis at aging Oroville Dam eases Highway 17 update: One southbound lane reopens following daylong closure Bay Area tech sector’s job growth has rapidly decelerated Giants regret lost chance to oust Cubs in NLDS AT&T Union Votes to Strike, Invoking Trump Jobs Pledge Giants notes: Former teammates react to Sergio Romo signing with Dodgers, Bobby Evans reaches out to Barry Bonds, etc. Bay Area to get a break from rain this weekend, but more storms lining up More in Business Biz Break: Yelp’s investors yelp in response to company’s outlook February 10, 2017, 2:58 pm Weak new additions of advertisers and a disappointing revenue forecast combine to drive Yelp’s shares down more than 13 percent. Here’s how big California’s economy really is February 10, 2017, 1:30 pm State politicians have touted California’s economy as being so big it would be the sixth largest in the world, but what they don’t tell you is the high cost of living knocks it down a few notches. . Auto workers union denies connection to unhappy Tesla worker February 10, 2017, 8:26 pm The United Automobile Workers deny a charge by Tesla CEO Elon Musk that an unhappy factory worker was really a union employee. Autodesk CEO steps down February 10, 2017, 3:17 pm San Rafael-based Autodesk announced that its chief executive, Carl Bass, 59, is stepping down after serving for more than a decade as the 3D software company’s CEO. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu I <3 DRONES Companies want to make drones less terrifying—before they’re flying everywhere Written by Mike Murphy Obsession Machines with Brains February 06, 2017 The Star-Spangled (drone) Banner. (Intel Corporation) Share Written by Mike Murphy Obsession Machines with Brains February 06, 2017 During last night’s Super Bowl, a bedazzled Lady Gaga sang atop the NRG stadium in Houston, Texas, as a backdrop of what seemed like stars suddenly formed the American flag. Unlike the opening to the Beijing Olympics, however, this wasn’t movie magic—a swarm of drones was flying behind Gaga, controlled by one computer, to form shapes in time with the music. At the end of her performance, the drones reappeared, this time to form the name of the company that sponsored the halftime show: Pepsi. While many were taken with this seemingly novel use of drones (which, unfortunately, was taped before the game due to airway regulations), it’s actually just the latest in a string of stunts from Intel, the company that produced the software and drones behind Gaga’s show. The chip manufacturer recently showed off a fireworks-esque display of 500 drones in Germany and began staging nightly drone light displays at Disney World in Florida. When drones show up at the Super Bowl, it’s safe to say they’ve gone mainstream. But why? The short answer is that companies with designs on using drones for their business are getting out ahead of a complex PR battle. Right now, the average person probably doesn’t know what drones can really do—beyond taking beautiful pictures or dropping bombs on people from a distance—but many feel a knee-jerk aversion to the devices, whether because of potential privacy or safety concerns, or more justifiable worries like potential job losses or terrorism. As an increasing number of companies look to incorporate drones in their businesses, either to replace costly human labor or improve the services they already offer, they will be looking to overturn that negative stigma. One of the commercials in last night’s Super Bowl, for example, was for Amazon, which teased its trial drone-delivery service in the UK. Amazon has grand plans for offering 30-minute drone deliveries to most of its Prime subscription members, wherever they are, but there are still a few hurdles to overcome. First, the technology Amazon is currently using seems to only be feasible for people with a large yard for a drone to drop a package on, negating a large portion of Amazon’s US customers. Amazon’s dreams are also being impeded by bureaucracy: The US has not figured out how to incorporate drones into the national airspace yet. The Federal Aviation Administration is currently working with NASA and a group of private-sector companies to figure out how to manage drone air traffic, but NASA is not expected to finalize its research until 2019, meaning implementation isn’t coming anytime soon. Still, companies like Amazon can begin sowing the seeds now, by showing how useful it would be if a drone could just pop over with your delivery in a few hours, instead of a few days. And as Amazon and others test out their services in countries with looser regulations than the US—a Nevada-based startup called Flirtey is currently delivering goods by drone in New Zealand—customers will be able to see the potential benefits, and possibly put pressure on lawmakers to bring drone services to the US. That groundswell could come sooner than you think. Domino’s has already started delivering pizzas by drone with Flirtey; Alphabet recently partnered with Chipotle to deliver burritos to students in Virginia; UPS partnered with charities and delivery startup Zipline to start delivering medical supplies in Rwanda; Facebook wants to beam internet to every inch of the world with giant, laser-emitting drones; and even Mercedes is working with drone manufacturer Matternet on concept cars that show what the future of last-mile drone deliveries could look like. In all of these cases, drones are either delivering goods and services faster than humans could, or delivering them to places that traditional vehicles can’t easily reach. (Or, in Pepsi’s case, using drones as floating, ever-changing billboards in the sky, like some sort of Blade Runner dystopia become reality). Intel has told Quartz that it can see its drone-swarming technology, like what Lady Gaga had buzzing behind her at the Super Bowl, being used in search-and-rescue missions, or inspecting worksites. For now though, people are still shooting drones out of the sky, or banning them outright. While there are legitimate safety issues that drone manufacturers and regulatory bodies need to contend with—drones are still easy to crash, and people are not being educated on how to properly fly them—companies will be hoping that stunts like Lady Gaga’s will help sway popular opinion toward overlooking having swarms of drones overhead at all times. Read this next: The future is a place where we won’t have to talk to or hear from anyone we don’t want to Most Popular Three signals that Donald Trump isn’t going to renegotiate NAFTA Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,380 Reviews & Articles | 54,057 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home Reviews Motherboards Socket LGA 1150/1151 ASRock Fatal1ty Z270 Gaming K6 Motherboard Review ASRock's Fatal1ty Z270 Gaming K6 motherboard doesn't pack in all the bells and whistles, but it does include a very solid amount for the price. By: Steven Bassiri | Socket LGA 1150/1151 in Motherboards | Posted: 4 days, 9 hours ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA TweakTown Rating: 91%Manufacturer: ASRock Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 2 [Packaging and Fatal1ty Z270 Gaming K6 Overview] Page 3 [ASRock Fatal1ty Z270 Gaming K6 Circuit Analysis] Page 4 [ASRock Fatal1ty Z270 Gaming K6 Circuit Analysis Continued] Page 5 [BIOS and Software] Page 6 [Test System Setup] Page 7 [Overclocking] Page 8 [CPU, Memory, and System Benchmarks] Page 9 [System IO Benchmarks] Page 10 [Thermal Imaging and Power Consumption] Page 11 [What's Hot, What's Not & Final Thoughts] Introduction     ASRock has many Intel Z270-based motherboards spanning across almost every price bracket. Today, I will look at one of ASRock's mainstream gaming motherboards, under their Fatal1ty brand, the Fatal1ty Z270 Gaming K6.   While I already looked at a mainstream ASRock motherboard with similar specifications, the Z270 Extreme4, the Z270 Gaming K6 is better equipped not only for gaming but also overclocking. The motherboard aims to give users a bit more than a basic, albeit loaded, Z270 motherboard with more unique ASRock features and a bit more style.     Many users asked for simple white and black color themes, and many vendors, including ASRock, have delivered. However, some users still want the motherboard to have a color theme, red is one of the most popular choices, and ASRock's Fatal1ty line seems to stick with the tried and true red and black theme. Don't worry; they didn't forget the RGB LEDs.   Without further delay, let's begin our Fatal1ty Z270 Gaming K6 journey!     Specifications     The Fatal1ty Z270 Gaming K6 offers dual Intel NICs, USB 3.1 type-A and type-C, two M.2 slots, eight SATA6Gb/s ports, and it even has a VGA output for the processor's integrated graphics.     Pricing   The Z270 Gaming K6 costs $169.99. Next Page Shopping Information PRICING: You can find products similar to this one for sale below. United States: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon's website. United Kingdom: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon UK's website. Canada: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon Canada's website. Content Page Summary Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 2 [Packaging and Fatal1ty Z270 Gaming K6 Overview] Page 3 [ASRock Fatal1ty Z270 Gaming K6 Circuit Analysis] Page 4 [ASRock Fatal1ty Z270 Gaming K6 Circuit Analysis Continued] Page 5 [BIOS and Software] Page 6 [Test System Setup] Page 7 [Overclocking] Page 8 [CPU, Memory, and System Benchmarks] Page 9 [System IO Benchmarks] Page 10 [Thermal Imaging and Power Consumption] Page 11 [What's Hot, What's Not & Final Thoughts] Recommended for You BIOSTAR Z270GT6 Motherboard Review MSI Z270 XPower Gaming Titanium Motherboard Review ASUS ROG STRIX Z270G GAMING Motherboard Review ASRock Fatal1ty Z270 Gaming-ITX/ac Motherboard Review... Right of Reply We at TweakTown openly invite the companies who provide us with review samples / who are mentioned or discussed to express their opinion of our content. If any company representative wishes to respond, we will publish the response here. Related Tags ASRock Intel Intel Z270 Kaby Lake motherboard DDR4 Socket LGA1151 Got an opinion on this content? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts iPhone X has wireless charging, and it's about damn time The top For Honor PC deals as we near release Samsung foldable phones might arrive in 2018 HMD's first Nokia-branded phone arrives in Europe WhatsApp now enables two-step verificationView More News Posts Forum Activity Mainboard P9 X79 Pro EATX12V connector burnt Overclock G31M-VS2 ViewSonic's 1440p 165Hz Monitor: Best Gaming Display? MSI GT62VR High-End gaming notebook with GTX 1060 overview Aorus z270x Gaming K7 motherboard problemsView More Forum Posts Press Releases Intel's Fab 42 will target advanced 7 nm technology and create more than 10,000 jobs in Arizona Palit announces the passive GeForce GTX 1050 Ti KalmX Silent graphics card Latest NVIDIA Quadro Pascal GPUs, led by high-end GP100, streamline visualization, simulation and VR workflow Kingston now shipping the HyperX Alloy FPS with Cherry MX Red or Brown switches Cooler Master announces 'Case Mod World Series 2017' with 25th anniversary celebration bonusView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Next Page
Subscribe Tech Movies Games Television Comics Culture Deals Wearable Subwoofer Is All About That Bass Stomach Acid-Powered Pills Monitor Health, Deliver Drugs Ensure Your Legacy by Pressing Cremains Into a Vinyl Record Prep for Robot Apocalypse with Programmable Cyborg Arms More When You Go from 'Thor: Ragnarok' to Michael Jackson MovieBob Reviews – JOHN WICK: CHAPTER 2 Matthew McConaughey Plus Spring Breakers Equals Film of the Century Remembering the Original Planets of Star Wars More Valve Ditches Greenlight for “Steam Direct” The NBA Will Launch a Professional eSports League in 2018 Speedrunner Beats Resident Evil 7 on Hardest Difficulty With Only a Knife Playing ‘We Are Chicago’ is Almost Like Living There More Doctor Who Underrated Villain of the Week: Ice Warriors A Feminist Cause and a Well-Placed Stranger Things Reference Come to Riv... Mark Gatiss: Female Doctor Would Be ‘Fantastic’ The Expanse Continues to Set the Tone for the Season More Fan of FX’s Legion? This Comic is For You Buy This Comic! All Star Batman #7 Excited About The LEGO Batman Movie? Check Out These 5 Comics Invincible Truly is The Best Superhero Book in the Universe More Badass Latin Phrases Volume III Make Mash-Up Music Masterpieces With The Magic iPod The Best Game of Thrones Funko Pops! McDonald's "Japanese Style" French Fries Look Delicious More Tech $300 New Balance RunIQ Smartwatch For Runners By Runners By Stephanie Mlot 02.06.2017 :: 10:30AM EST New Balance RunIQ Fitness trackers and smartwatches give runners the freedom to exercise without clutter; leave the MP3 player and heart-rate monitor at home. The growing tech sector has seen everyone from Fitbit and Google to Apple and Garmin join the race to pack style and insight into your health routine. And there’s a fresh face in this year’s lineup. Sports footwear manufacturer New Balance in January unveiled its first smart wearable—the Android Wear-based RunIQ watch, built in collaboration with Intel, Google, and Strava. For runners by runners, the wearable boasts activity tracking metrics like location, distance, heart rate, pace, and cadence, and sends push notifications from your phone to your wrist. Users can also join Strava to connect with the global running community and jam out to their favorite Google Play “pump it up” playlists. Listen wirelessly, too, with a pair of New Balance PaceIQ Bluetooth headphones. “RunIQ combines our expertise in running with the best engineering advances through breakthrough collaborations with some of the biggest players in the technological industry,” New Balance CEO Rob DeMartini said in a statement. Water resistant up to about 50 meters, the gadget promises a full 24 hours of everyday use—keeping time, looking sporty. Turn on GPS and HR monitoring, however, and the battery life drops to only five hours—enough for the average marathon runner to gloat for a few minutes before needing to recharge. Following its debut at January’s Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, RunIQ hit shelves on Feb. 1. Run to your nearest brick-and-mortar New Balance shop or go online to pick up the unisex wearable for $299.99. The accompanying PaceIQ earbuds by Jabra—with a battery life of five hours and charging time of about two hours—include three sets of EarGels, two FitClips, and a USB cable for $109.99. “These headphones are made with best-in-class sound technology,” according to Calum MacDougall, senior vice president of marketing at Jabra, “which means that you have access to premium sound quality for improved motivation.” Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Pinterest Reddit Android Wear fitness tracker Google New Balance running smartwatch Speak Your Mind More in Tech 02.10.2017 :: 9:00AM EST :: Stephanie Mlot Tech Wearable Subwoofer Is All About That Bass Tech 02.10.2017 :: 8:30AM EST :: Stephanie Mlot Tech Stomach Acid-Powered Pills Monitor Health, Deliver Drugs Tech 02.09.2017 :: 12:00PM EST :: Stephanie Mlot Tech Ensure Your Legacy by Pressing Cremains Into a Vinyl Record Tech 02.09.2017 :: 9:30AM EST :: Stephanie Mlot Tech Prep for Robot Apocalypse with Programmable Cyborg Arms Tech 02.08.2017 :: 3:45PM EST :: Lee Mathews Tech Factory That Made Exploding Galaxy Note 7 Batteries Catches Fire Tech More subscribe to our newsletter: Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Badass Latin Phrases Volume III Culture 02.10.2017 :: 6:00PM EST When You Go from 'Thor: Ragnarok' to Michael Jackson Movies 02.10.2017 :: 3:45PM EST Valve Ditches Greenlight for "Steam Direct" Games 02.10.2017 :: 3:00PM EST Fan of FX's Legion? This Comic is For You Comics More © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Contact Archives Glossary Advertise Accessibility Statement unused
bdwbasvfsbfqfzfbrv Free Site Registration LOGIN Bookstore Calendar CE Center Conferences Subscribe FA Magazine Subscription Newsletters Change of Address Renew Subscription News Feeds Videos FA Library Featured Webcasts Upcoming Archived Whitepapers Most Recent Archived Market and Economic Outlook Go Username Password What is 0 + 2? Remember me New User? | Forgot Username? | Forgot Password? Email for username What is 0 + 2? Email for new password What is 0 + 2? Home » Financial Advisor » FA Online » Exponential Tech Could Beam Humans Into A Disruptive Future February 11, 2017 Subscribe Free Current Issue Past Issues CONFERENCE NEWS TD Ameritrade 2017 Inside ETFs Conference 2017 Schwab IMPACT 2016 Inside Alternatives Conference 2016 Invest In Women 2016 Inside Retirement 2016 Inside ETFs Conference 2016 Smart Beta Conference 2016 Morningstar Conference 2016 ADVISOR SERVICES Broker-Dealers Custodians/Fee Only Social Media Technology ADVICE 401(k) Plans Annuities Benefits Business Transitions Charitable Giving DOL/Compliance/Fraud Economy Education/529 Estate Planning Health Care Insurance Practice Management Retirement Income Retirement Planning Social Security Tax Planning Variable Annuities Women and Planning INVESTING Alternative Investments Analysis Commodities ETFs Fixed Income Green International Mutual Funds Real Estate/REITs Smart Beta U.S. Equity RESEARCH 10 Young Advisors To Watch Market and Economic Outlook Whitepapers B/D Survey Ranking RIA Ranking MORE SERVICES B/D Profiles 2016 B/D Recruiting Special Section Fixed-Income Supplement Liquid Alts Special Section Technology Special Section Women In The Profession B/D Recruitment Center Industry Partnerships « Previous Article | Next Article » Print | Reprint | Share Exponential Tech Could Beam Humans Into A Disruptive Future February 6, 2017 • Christopher Robbins Loading Other Articles... The utopian future of Earth anticipated by shows like Star Trek may be mere decades—or years—from becoming a reality. Not only is there likely to be a functional, medical “tricorder,” a handheld instrument used to digitally diagnose and treat illness, in the coming months, but humanity may be on the verge of such an abundance of energy and information that the old rules of economy and finance no longer hold true. “We’re going to end up in a much better place,” said Salim Ismail, founder and CEO of the exponential consultancy eXo Works on Friday at the 2017 TD Ameritrade National LINC conference in San Diego. “We’re entering the most disruptive point in the history of humanity. We’re entering an inflection point.” Computers are a huge reason for that inflection point, said Ismail in his featured keynote, explaining that Moore’s Law, an observation made by Intel co-founder Gordon Moore in 1965, states that the density of transistors on integrated circuits tends to double every two years. In other words, a computer’s ability to read and write information is increasing exponentially with time, and has been for almost 100 years in a smooth progression. Ismail believes that human progress, reflected in a small subset of companies, moves exponentially, not linearly—but humans struggle to recognize exponential progress and often greet its results with hostility. “A lot of our training and intuition teaches us linear extrapolation,” Ismail said,  juxtaposing a straight line and an exponential curve on a graph. “We’re bad at spotting this pattern and distinguishing linear versus exponential.” Yet inevitably, once any industrial domain is powered with information technology, it starts doubling, said Ismail. Drones, for example, are doubling in their carrying capacity and range almost every nine months. The “internet of things”—appliances and furnishings connected to the internet—doubles in size every 18 months. The result of all this doubling, said Ismail, is a disruption to major industries and a shift in social paradigm from scarcity to abundance. Photography was offered as a good example. Prior to the late 19th century, photography was rare and expensive. Even as recently as the 1990s, photography was limited by hardware, film, developing time, and cost. “When you move to digital, marginal cost goes to zero, you can take 1,000 photographs and the cost base is the same,” Ismail said. “The domain explodes: now we’re taking billions of times more photos. You also shift the problem space from scarcity to abundance. In the scarcity space, I might still offer high-end cameras or teach courses on photography, but in an abundance problem space, we all have eight copies of our photographs on ten devices and we can’t find any of them.” Now other industrial domains like cars, hotels and taxis, are facing a disruptive shift from scarcity to abundance, said Ismail, but in the future almost every industry dependent on physical scarcity will face similar disruption. First « 1 2 3 » Next To read more stories , click here Loading Other Articles... « Previous Article | Next Article » 0 Comments Login in order to post a comment Quick Poll Do you agree with President Trump's executive order that the fiduciary rule needs reviewing? Yes No View Results Home Login About Us Media Kit FTP Site Subscriptions Reprints Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | ©2017 Charter Financial Publishing Network Inc. All rights reserved.
Don't Miss: CW@50: A look back at Y2K in cartoons 5 new threats to your personal data Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Drive cloning in Windows 10 with free tools The IT-business gap remains 10 ways tech pros can take charge of their professional development Review: Microsoft's Nano Server offers mega advantages More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home IT Management IT Industry News Tech stance against immigration ban aims to protect employees Nearly 100 tech companies oppose President Trump’s executive order restricting immigration By Sharon Gaudin | Follow Senior Writer, Computerworld | Feb 6, 2017 2:15 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: REUTERS/Mike Theiler More like this Key tech companies oppose Trump immigration order in court Tech companies come out swinging against immigration ban Trump’s travel ban is a war on tech Video Smart Cities: Montreal The 97 tech firms who have joined forces to oppose President Donald Trump's executive order on immigration say they are looking to protect their employees as well as their business interests. "The order makes it more difficult and expensive for U.S. companies to recruit, hire, and retain some of the world's best employees," the court brief reads. "It disrupts ongoing business operations. And it threatens companies' ability to attract talent, business, and investment to the United States." The list of firms who signed onto the friend-of-the-court brief includes Airbnb, Apple, Facebook, GitHub, Google, Intel, Microsoft, Netflix, Twitter and Yelp. The move comes in response to the executive order signed on Jan. 27 that temporarily bars citizens from seven Muslim-majority countries, as well as all refugees, from entering the United States. The Trump administration has said the ban is only temporary and was designed to protect the nation from terrorist attacks. It has been placed on hold while lawsuits against it work their way through several courts. The 97 companies contend that it would be bad for business. "Immigrants are among our leading entrepreneurs, politicians, artists, and philanthropists," the companies said. "Immigrants or their children founded more than 200 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list, including Apple, Kraft, Ford, General Electric, AT&T, Google, McDonald's, Boeing, and Disney. ...Collectively, these companies generate annual revenue of $4.2 trillion, and employ millions of Americans." The move echoes protests that have erupted around the world about the ban. On Friday, James L. Robart, a U.S. federal judge who presides in Washington state, halted Trump's immigration ban by granting a temporary restraining order against it. That ruling has been appealed by the Trump administration. After Robart temporarily blocked the travel ban, Trump took to Twitter to complain about the move and to disparage the judge. "The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!," the president tweeted just hours after Robart made his ruling. Industry analysts say the companies could face similar criticism from Trump, but likely feel the need to defend themselves and their employees. "There could also be backlash if they did not participate, especially if a large number of other companies did," said Ezra Gottheil, an analyst with Technology Business Research. "I think this was a principled stand, but it is also a sound business move. All the populations these companies deal with are diverse - employees, prospective employees, customers, and partners. The U.S. being, and being seen as, hostile to refugees, immigrants, and people from other countries would impede their businesses." Judith Hurwitz, an analyst with Hurwitz & Associates, said many companies, particularly international businesses, may be feeling the strain of what the immigration ban could mean to them. "One of the consequences is that companies may decide not to locate their companies in the United States because they are afraid that they will not be able to hire the right people they need," she said. "Technology companies often have unique personnel requirements and have to be able to find the right people no matter where they live. These employees need visas and green cards." While Gottheil isn't sure how much effect the brief will have, he did say it could help sway public opinion. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: IT Industry IT Careers Technology Law & Regulation Daily Briefing Senior Writer Sharon Gaudin covers the Internet, social media, cloud computing and emerging technologies for Computerworld. Prices still climbing for enterprise mobility management software You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Popular Resources White Paper 2015 Latin American Mid-Market Enterprise Communications Platforms Growth Excellence Leadership Award Research/Infographic Sponsored 4 Steps to E-Rate Simplification Research/Infographic Sponsored 5 Ways Cloud Changes Everything Video/Webcast Sponsored Best Practices in Managing Digital Media Rights for the Connected World White Paper Big Data, Bad Data, Good Data: The Link Between Information Governance and Big Data Outcomes Go Top Stories Ford to invest $1B in A.I. startup toward self-driving cars Ford plans to invest $1 billion over the next five years in Argo AI, an artificial intelligence startup... Trump eyes end to an H-1B system that favors largest outsourcers The companies most hurt by the random H-1B distribution system are those that submit only a few... Review: Samsung Chromebook Pro brings touch computing up a notch The Samsung Chromebook Pro is a convertible laptop/tablet that comes with an excellent touch display... How to root out bias in your data Analytics is a top priority for savvy CIOs. But if implicit biases are hiding under the surface of your... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Home | Newsfront Tags: drones | technology | public relations | business Companies Hope to Help Drones Seem Less Publicly Invasive (AP Photo/Gregory Payan) Monday, 06 Feb 2017 06:00 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Companies turning to drones to boost their businesses are gearing up for a pubic relations battle to win over customers who might be leery of their ever-increasing numbers, technology news site Quartz reported. Lady Gaga's Super Bowl light show – made up a swarm of light-emitting drones sponsored by Pepsi – is just one example, the website reported. Chip manufacture Intel, the company that produced the software and drones behind the Super Bowl light show, also recently showed off a fireworks-like display of 500 drones in Germany and began staging nightly drone light shows at Disney World in Florida, Quartz reported. While drone manufacturers and regulators wrestle with safety issues – including frequent crashes and poor flight training –  companies hope the light show "stunts . . . will help sway popular opinion toward overlooking having swarms of drones overhead at all times," Quartz reported. According to Quartz, some other companies involved in public-pleasing drone services include: Nevada-based startup Flirtey, which is currently delivering goods by drone in New Zealand; Domino's, which has started delivering pizzas by drone using Flirtey; Alphabet, which has partnered with Chipotle to deliver burritos to students in Virginia; UPS, which partnered with charities and delivery startup Zipline, to begin deliveries of medical supplies in Rwanda; Facebook, which wants to beam internet around the world, is looking at the use of laser-emoting drones; and Mercedes, which is working with drone manufacturer Matternet on concept cars. Related Stories: ISIS Propaganda Video Shows Predator-Like Drone Dropping Bombs US Military Conducts Test Involving 'Swarm' of Mini Drones © 2017 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Newsfront Companies turning to drones to boost their businesses are gearing up for a pubic relations battle to win over customers who might be leery of their ever-increasing numbers, technology news site Quartz reported. drones, technology, public relations, business 239 Monday, 06 Feb 2017 06:00 PM 2017-00-06 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics 2016 Elections Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Hundreds of Immigrants Arrested in 'Routine' US Enforcement Surge Friday, 10 Feb 2017 22:18 PM U.S. federal immigration agents arrested hundreds of undocumented immigrants in at least four states this week in what o . . . Obama Hires Agency for Speaking Gigs, Lawyers for Book Deals Friday, 10 Feb 2017 21:16 PM Former President Barack Obama and Michelle Obama announced Friday they have picked the prestigious agency that represent . . . David Horowitz: Dems 'Sabotaging Our National Security' Friday, 10 Feb 2017 20:02 PM Democrats are "sabotaging" America's national security and the party is about to topple over a cliff, New York Times bes . . . More Most Commented Appeals Court Rejects Trump Bid to Restore Travel Ban Sunday, 05 Feb 2017 | 912 comments Right now, Donald Trump is fighting this Marxist hydra alone. He needs... Decision on Trump Travel Ban Coming Thursday Thursday, 09 Feb 2017 | 669 comments Another brilliant move by Trump. Now, any domestic terrorist attack can... Ted Cruz Slams Democrats: 'Filled With Rage and Fury' Thursday, 09 Feb 2017 | 635 comments No problem.More demo-c-rats will be replaced in the next election.The rats... Gorsuch: Trump's Tweets on Judiciary 'Demoralizing,' 'Disheartening' Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 557 comments The real tragedy is the politicization of the courts. Trumps executive... Ed Klein: Obama's Coming Crusade Against Trump Tuesday, 07 Feb 2017 | 533 comments Look, everyone! Here we have a liberal who can't accept the fact that... To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions

Menu CLOSE News Videos Whitepapers eBooks Advertise Contact Us HOT TOPICS Nokia     Nokia Real-Time Mobile Network Analytics Improves End-to-End Mobile Service Delivery Customer Criteria for Choosing a Mobile Operator Vodafone says 76 percent of Companies Believe IoT is Critical to Future Success Stay Safe, San Diego: Nokia Bolsters Public Safety Systems The Array of Things (AoT) Project Selects AT&T for its Network Connectivity FEATURE NEWS Super Bowl 51: Drone Swarms Become Real By Rob Enderle February 06, 2017 Last weekend was one of the most amazing football games I’ve ever seen.  Given it set a lot of records, it isn’t hard to argue that Super Bowl 51 was the best ever, and even the half time show by Lady Gaga seemed to hit the right note.  But I wonder if people really realized that the American Flag drawn in lights behind her as she stood atop the stadium was created with an Intel powered drone swarm.  Drone swarms are new, and the only other place you are likely to see one is at Disney World as part of its new Starbright Holidays event.  A drone swarm is hundreds of drones, up to 500 so far depending on venue, that fly in tight formation and use lights to create aerial pictures or form words.  Not only is this likely to revolutionize outdoor entertainment, drone swarms could change defensive weapons programs, maintenance programs, and even outdoor signage.  Let’s talk about drone swarms this week Drone Swarm Strangely, when I think about drone swarms, I think back to last year’s Super Bowl that had one as well; though, as part of an Audi ad homage to the old movie The Birds, they were pretty scary.  Audi apparently likes to scare the crap out of potential Audi buyers (here is an ad with an Audi driver being attacked by Zombie mechanics).  Fortunately, they mellowed this year and created a commercial that is vastly friendlier.  But it was the dramatic presentation of Gaga on stage that gave the world a view of what a drone swarm looked like, but not what it could do.  One of the more interesting implementations of drone swarms is in defense.  If you were able to take hundreds, if not thousands, of militarized drones, you could pretty much overwhelm any conventional defense and not put any of your soldiers’ lives at risk.  And given these drones are relatively inexpensive and don’t have to carry a human, so tend to be rather small, they could be far cheaper to deploy than fleets of aircraft.  Here is a video of a U.S. Fighter and a missile battery launching a swarm of hundreds of Micro-drones; you can’t even see the things without tracking, except for when they get close, and even if you didn’t put ordinance in them they’d sure freak the heck out of an attacking force.    Now you’ll notice that some of these drones get rather larger, but largest is likely the boat drone swarms used for harbor defense, escort, mine sensing or delivery, and other dangerous or simply boring missions.  Perhaps the most interesting, and scary, “feature” under development is mind control for drone swarms.  That sounds like the plot for a Science Fiction movie that will end badly (we didn’t realize the mind control link was bi-directional!).   But these are not just used to attack people; they can be used to save them as well.  Carnegie Mellon University is working on drone swarm capability for first responders to locate people after a disaster who may be injured or trapped.  These drones work in collaboration with a mothership, or a larger drone, that coordinates the smaller drones to map out a disaster area and create safe paths for people or robots to do the actual rescue work.  This has been in development since 2015 and they are expected to be in service by 2020.   Other uses for these drone swarms are infrastructure inspection, search and rescue, agriculture management, and to extend connectivity.  Facebook is working on this last for countries that don’t have Internet.  These all fall into a similar class of using Drones, which in this case are basically flying smart robots, to replace or supplement people and provide vastly greater coverage for far less cost than people could provide.  Wrapping Up From entertainment to defense and from inspection to rescue, drone swarms are either in production or expected to be in use in huge numbers by this time next century.  They could be used for or against us, and they do have issues like security, battery life, and reliability that we need to remain aware of.  They are only a small part of the increasingly autonomous robots that will eventually define this century, much as automobiles defined last century.  We are at the beginning of something rather amazing and it very well may be the first step toward a future where autonomous robots outnumber humans.   Wait, didn’t I see a movie like that?  Oh crap…    Edited by Alicia Young Author Info Rob Enderle President and Principal Analyst, Enderle Group Click here to read full bio SHARE THIS ARTICLE Tweet Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Related Articles 8x8, RingCentral, BroadSoft Discuss Future of UC By: Paula Bernier    2/9/2017 Cloud-based unified communications were the focus of this morning's general session at ITEXPO. The conversation ranged from everything from the Avaya … Read More 5 Things you Can Do in 2017 to Drive Greater Collaboration Across Your Business By: Special Guest    2/7/2017 The ability to share and find relevant information from across the business is a key tenant of collaboration. However, with more and more places to st… Read More Snap Inc. Applies for IPO By: Andrew Bindelglass    2/7/2017 After some initial bumps in the road, Snap, Inc., parent company of Snapchat, has filed for its IPO. Read More Email Privacy Act Clears House By: Steve Anderson    2/7/2017 The U.S. House of Representatives unanimously passed the Email Privacy Act, a move which may have a tough time in the Senate. Read More Vizio Settles Watching Behavior Tracking Lawsuit By: Steve Anderson    2/7/2017 $2.2 million and a promise to stop tracking users' television watching habits: that's the price Vizio was to pay under an FTC lawsuit. Read More View All News WHAT'S HOT 8x8, RingCentral, BroadSoft Discuss Future of UC 5 Things you Can Do in 2017 to Drive Greater Collaboration Across Your Business Vizio Settles Watching Behavior Tracking Lawsuit Super Bowl 51: Drone Swarms Become Real FEATURED VIDEOS ConnectLeader WATCH NOW ConnectLeader WATCH NOW XKL at TEX 2016 WATCH NOW Richard McFarland of Voice4Net at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW Bent Rye of Temasys at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW FEATURED EVENTS Featured Editors Rob Enderle Latest Article: Super Bowl 51: Drone Swarms Become Real Doug Mohney Latest Article: The Paradox of Twitter's Value in the Trump Era Peter Bernstein Latest Article: Municipal Broadband Future Problematic, FCC State Preemption Order Nixed by U.S. Appeals Court Subscribe Newsletter Sing up to receive our updates and other Techzone360 news! FEATURED WHITEPAPERS Why Now Is Time To Move To A Cloud Based Phone System DOWNLOAD NOW Your Cloud PBX Questions Answered DOWNLOAD NOW Hosted PBX Vs.Onsite PBX DOWNLOAD NOW Top 5 Trends Smart Companies are Addressing to Evolve Their Contact Centers into Engagement Centers DOWNLOAD NOW Unleash Your Contact Center's Potential - The Cloud as Catalyst for Operational Transformation DOWNLOAD NOW LATEST COMMENTS Updates Your Way... likes facebook tweets twitter eNews SUBSCRIBE shares RSS TECHZONE360 35 Nutmeg Drive Suite 340, Trumbull, Connecticut 06611 USA 800-243-6002, 203-852-6800; 203-866-3326 Quick Links VIDEOS EBOOKS ADVERTISE CONTACT US LATEST ARTICLES 8x8, RingCentral, BroadSoft Discuss Future of UC 5 Things you Can Do in 2017 to Drive Greater Collaboration Across Your Business Snap Inc. Applies for IPO Email Privacy Act Clears House Vizio Settles Watching Behavior Tracking Lawsuit Powered by TMC © 2017 All Rights Reserved
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Driving The Epic 2017 Nissan GT-R Phone Reviews Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review Battle Of The Cheap Smartphones: OnePlus 3T Vs LeEco Le Pro3 LG V20: Australian Review Sony Xperia XZ: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific URB-E Electric Scooter: Australian Review This Folding Bike Has Built-In GPS To Track Your Rides This Handheld Scanner Was Supposed To Change My Life, But I've Never Been More Disappointed In A Gadget Gaming Reviews Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Razer's eSports Gear Didn't Make Me Want To Play An eSport, But It Sure Is Nice Anyway Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Australian Review Entertainment Reviews Suspiria Is Just As Terrifying And Fantastic Now As It Was 40 Years Ago Jabra Elite Sport: Australian Review Apple AirPods: Australian Review Syfy's Channel Zero: Candle Cove Serves Up Dread Up Until The End BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Cinder Precision Grill Review: Someone Finally Made An Electric Grill That Doesn't Suck Suspiria Is Just As Terrifying And Fantastic Now As It Was 40 Years Ago Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets Gadgets Jeff Bezos Talks To Alexa On The Can NSW Heatwave Causes Power Outages In Sydney The F-35 Will Visit Australia For The Avalon Air Show Oculus' No Good Year Continues With Hundreds Of Demo Stations Shutting Down Mobile Google Adds 'Automagical' Instant Tethering To Pixel And Newer Nexus Phones Samsung Galaxy A5, A7: Australian Price And Release Date Lessons From The Sexting App Whose Partyboy CEO Blew Millions Before Burning Out One In Ten Aussies Admit To Checking Their Phone During Sex Car Tech Dodge Is Giving Its New Police Cruiser Some Very RoboCop Upgrades The Chinese Ford Raptor Website Is Profound And Crazy At The Same Time Elon Musk Responds To Claims Of Low Pay, Injuries And Anti-Union Policies At Tesla Plant Stare At The 2018 Ford Mustang And Decide If It's An Improvement Online Report: Facebook Agrees To Independent Audit After Admitting It Screwed Up Its Metrics Ecuador Can't Wait For Adult Son Julian Assange To Move Out Snap CEO's Supermodel Fiancée Is Sick Of Facebook Stealing Her Man's Ideas The Guy Who Makes Sure Trump Doesn't Get Hacked No Longer Works At The White House Science & Health This One Weird Face Trick Helps Sailfish Wreck The Crap Out Of Prey Quinoa Shouldn't Be A Rich People Food Airship Maker Vows Giant Flying Arse Will Rise Again Can We Charge Batteries With Greenhouse Gases? Cameras Genius Professor Turns His Classroom Into A Giant Pinhole Camera Lady Gaga's Halftime Superbowl Show Was Lit By Intel Drones $US373 Million Loss For GoPro Stings On The Back Of Karma Drone Recall Snapchat Files For A $30 Billion IPO, Despite Losing A Ton Of Money Computing Don't Waste Money On Intel's Top Processor Deals: Today Only! Save 70% On These Online Courses How To Save An Old Laptop By Installing This Free OS Microsoft Kicked In $250,000 For Trump's Big Party Before Speaking Out Against 'Muslim Ban' Gaming The Nintendo Classic Mini NES Is Back! Back! BACK! Australia Still Doesn't Have John Wick 2, But We Do Have A John Wick Virtual Reality Game How I Convinced Myself To Buy My First Gaming PC How A Video Game Chat Client Became The Web's New Cesspool Of Abuse Entertainment This Is How Lame You Look Trying To Be Cool Online The Latest Slut-Shaming Episode Was Everything Good And Bad About Riverdale If This Really Is Bruce Springsteen's Lost Harry Potter Song, It Is Wickedly Terrible The Halloween Remake Will Come From The Minds Behind Eastbound And Down Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment NSW Heatwave Causes Power Outages In Sydney Gizmodo Movie Night: Romantic Flicks That Probably Won't Make You Vomit Buckle Up, Australia: The Air Is Made Of Fire Save Money On Virgin Australia Business Class Flights This Weekend 96 Companies, Including Apple And Google, Are Objecting To Trump's Muslim Ban Matt Novak Feb 7, 2017, 9:00am ⋅ Filed to:  airbnb amazon box donald trump etsy facebook glassdoor google indiegogo lyft president trump twitter uber y combinator yelp Share Yesterday, 96 companies — including Apple, Google, Dropbox, eBay, uBer, Twitter, Spotify and a host of others — filed legal documents that object to President Trump's Muslim ban. But they're not just doing it because it's the right thing to do. The filing makes it clear that Trump is disrupting business. President Donald Trump on Air Force One on 3 February 2017 (AP Photo/Susan Walsh) "The Order represents a significant departure from the principles of fairness and predictability that have governed the immigration system of the United States for more than fifty years," the amicus brief, filed by companies like Apple, Google and Facebook states. "And the Order inflicts significant harm on American business, innovation, and growth as a result." The order was filed by a diverse array of tech companies like Twitter, Intel, Reddit, Netflix, Lyft, Kickstarter, PayPal, Microsoft, Yelp, Airbnb, Spotify and Dropbox, just to name a few. But other non-tech companies like Levi's, Warby Parker and Chobani were also signatories. Some news stories appear to be reporting that 97 companies signed the brief, but Turn Inc. is listed in the filing twice. It's 96. Curiously, one company whose CEO has been an adviser to the Trump administration was also on the list. Uber CEO Travis Kalanick pulled out of the business advisory council last week under pressure of a boycott. "The Order makes it more difficult and expensive for U.S. companies to recruit, hire, and retain some of the world's best employees. It disrupts ongoing business operations. And it threatens companies' ability to attract talent, business, and investment to the United States," the brief continues. The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco rejected President Trump's request to reinstate the travel ban from seven predominantly Muslim countries over the weekend. This filing makes it clear that these companies consider the order incredibly disruptive to their business. At the end of the day, it's the uncertainty around the order that concerns these businesses most. Businesses, much like the stock market, hate uncertainty and volatility. They thrive on stability, and Trump's disastrous roll out of the immigration order was anything but stable. "The Order also introduces severe uncertainty into the immigration system," the brief says. "If this approach were upheld, future orders might apply to any nation, and suddenly and unexpectedly bar its nationals from entering or returning to the United States. That severely undermines immigrants' and businesses' ability to make plans, conduct business, or manage any affairs involving non-citizens." Which companies aren't on the list? SpaceX and Tesla didn't sign. Elon Musk has taken heat recently for being a bit too cosy with the Trump regime. Unlike Kalanick, Musk has remained on Trump's advisory council, telling critics that he can change things from the inside. Amazon is also notably absent. An Amazon spokesperson tells Gizmodo that the Attorney General preferred that the company not join the amicus since they're listed as a witness in the original lawsuit. The complete list of companies that signed on to yesterday's brief: AdRoll Aeris Communications Airbnb AltSchool Ancestry.com Appboy Apple AppNexus Inc. Asana, Inc. Atlassian Corp Plc Autodesk Automattic Box Brightcove Brit + Co CareZone Castlight Health Checkr Chobani Citrix Systems Cloudera Cloudflare Copia Institute DocuSign DoorDash Dropbox Dynatrace eBay Engine Advocacy Etsy Facebook Fastly Flipboard Foursquare Labs Fuze General Assembly GitHub Glassdoor Google GoPro Harmonic Hipmunk Indiegogo Intel Corporation JAND, Inc. d/b/a Warby Parker Kargo Global Kickstarter KIND Knotel Levi Strauss & Co. LinkedIn Corporation Lithium Technologies, Inc. Lyft Mapbox Maplebear Inc. d/b/a Instacart Marin Software Incorporated Medallia, Inc. A Medium Corporation Meetup, Inc. Microsoft Corporation Motivate International Mozilla Corporation Netflix NETGEAR NewsCred Patreon PayPal Holdings, Inc. Pinterest Quora Reddit Rocket Fuel SaaStr Salesforce.com, Inc. Scopely Shutterstock Snap Spokeo Spotify USA Square Squarespace Strava Stripe SurveyMonkey TaskRabbit Tech:NYC Thumbtack Turn Inc. Twilio Twitter Uber Technologies, Inc. Via Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. Workday Y Combinator Management, LLC Yelp Zynga Trending Stories Right Now Buckle Up, Australia: The Air Is Made Of Fire Rae Johnston 10 Feb 2017 8:15 AM The Australia Bureau of Meteorology's heatwave service is working overtime as the country braces for temperatures of up to 47 degrees Celsius over the weekend. Preparation is key, so here's some practical tips on how to deal with the heat, from experts (and us). BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Campbell Simpson 10 Feb 2017 11:00 AM Built from recycled materials, powered by an efficient electric motor, and now with a larger battery that promises to handle almost any long-distance journey without breaking a sweat, the BMW i3 is one of the most environmentally friendly cars you can buy. It's efficient when you drive it, and at the end of its life cycle a full 95 per cent can be returned to the earth from whence it came. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Today Only! Save 70% On These Online Courses Deals: These Magnetic Wireless Headphones Are Perfect For Hassle Free Listening Deals: You Can Get Motion Sensor Lights For Your Toilet Now Deals: Extend the Life of Your PC with This All-in-One Software Trending Articles 1 Buckle Up, Australia: The Air Is Made Of Fire 2 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review 3 How To Watch Today's Ultra Rare Eclipse And Comet Flyby 4 Australia Still Doesn't Have John Wick 2, But We Do Have An Honest Trailer For John Wick 5 This Is How Lame You Look Trying To Be Cool Online This Is How Lame You Look Trying To Be Cool Online The Latest Slut-Shaming Episode Was Everything Good And Bad About Riverdale If This Really Is Bruce Springsteen's Lost Harry Potter Song, It Is Wickedly Terrible Quinoa Shouldn't Be A Rich People Food Overwatch Voice Actor: Mercy + Genji Would Be 'Hot As F**k' Steve Rogers' Supervillainy Will No Longer Be A Secret In Secret Empire Why Valve Loves Making PC Games Nioh's Sloth Magic Turns Bosses Into Jokes 12 Games To Test Your New PC Why Microsoft Releases 'New' Drivers Dated In The Distant Past Pack 'Outfit Rolls' For A Smoother Family Holiday Automatically Clean Out Dead Bookmarks In Firefox And Chrome US immigration agents arrest hundreds in surprise nationwide sweep This tiny device can record everything you say and transcribe it for you There are still 5 good reasons to use a desktop computer I stayed in a tiny house, and it made me want to throw out everything I own © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content SuperSite for Windows Search: Stay Connected Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS IT/Dev Connections About Newsletter Register Log In Username or e-mail: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Windows Windows 10 Windows RT Windows 8 Windows 7 Windows Vista Windows XP Mobile Windows Phone Mobile Devices Cloud OneDrive Outlook.com Skype Windows Server Office Music & Videos Games Xbox 360 Xbox One Podcasts Advertisement Home > Windows > Windows 10 > Mixed Reality Tools in Windows 10 Creators Update Build 15025 EMAIL Tweet Mixed Reality Tools in Windows 10 Creators Update Build 15025 Feb 6, 2017 Richard Hay Comments 0 Advertisement Advertisement Share Image EMAIL fullscreen The Learn Mixed Reality app appears on the All Apps list however, when it starts up it notifies you that there is no compatible hardware attached to the system and subsequently fails. Not unexpected considering there is no actual hardware attached to my system. I expect this will be a familiarization tool/tutorial to learn about how Mixed Reality works on the Windows 10 Creators Update. More Share Image EMAIL fullscreen When starting up the Learn Mixed Reality app in Build 15025 it will eventually just display a transparent app frame and then close completely. More Share Image EMAIL fullscreen The Mixed Reality Portal app is also in Build 15025 and appears to test your system for compatible specs and then attempts to connect to your mixed reality hardware. Of course, since there is none on this system it will fail to find it. More Share Image EMAIL fullscreen More Share Image EMAIL fullscreen It is nice to see that this more than year old HPO Spectre x360 has the specs to work with the upcoming Mixed Reality environment in the Windows 10 Creators Update. More Share Image EMAIL fullscreen More Related Galleries / Refresh Gallery Hands on with Windows 10 Build 15025 for Creators Update Hands On with Windows 10 Creators Update Build 15007 for PC and Mobile Devices Windows 10 Creators Update Build 15014 Hands On 1 Creators Update: Hands on with Windows 10 Build 15019 for Redstone 2   When Microsoft announced the Creators Update last October in New York City, they revealed it would focus on 3D for Everyone and that the company would partner with several companies to provide Head Mounted Devices (HMD's) that would deliver mixed reality and 3D to Windows 10 based systems running this latest Feature Update which is expected in April. In December at WinHec, Microsoft unveiled Project Evo a partnership with Intel to deliver that mixed reality experience to users of Windows 10 and the Creators Update. Well, in the most recent testing builds of Redstone 2, aka the Creators Update, some of those tools that will be integrated into the operating system to support the collection of mixed reality devices are starting to take shape. In the last build released for testing, 15025, two new tools have appeared while one has been removed. The last few builds of the Creators Update contained a new settings category named Mixed Reality in the Windows Settings apps however, that settings page has been removed in Build 15025. No reason was given by Microsoft in the latest release notes for this build except that it was removed. While I was poking around over this past weekend in that same build, I did come across two new mixed reality related apps that are highlighted in this gallery. The first is the Learn Mixed Reality app but without mixed reality hardware attached to the system it simply crashes once it is started. The second tool, the Mixed Reality Portal, does start up without any issues and will check your system specs to verify you have the right hardware to run mixed reality on the Creators Update. It will stop after that check though and let you know that there is now mixed reality hardware attached to the system. Neither of these results are unexpected since there is not mixed reality gear attached to my test device but it is good to see them coming together leading up the the Creators Update release which is expected in April.   Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Related Media Windows 10 (Redstone 2) Build Tracker for Mobile Windows 10 (Redstone 2) Build Tracker for PCs Hands on with Windows 10 Build 15025 for Creators Update Creators Update: Hands on with Windows 10 Build 15019 for Redstone… CES 2017: Hands On with 3Glasses Virtual Reality Head Mounted… How To Improve Handwriting Recognition in Windows 10 Checking out eBooks on Windows 10 Build 10514 for the Creators… Windows 10 Creators Update Build 15014 Hands On Hands On: YubiKey and Windows Hello Hands On with Windows 10 Creators Update Build 15007 for PC… Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement WinSuperSite.com Windows Mobile Cloud Windows Server Office Music & Videos Games Podcasts Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Follow US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Search WinSuperSite.com Search: SuperSite for Windows Related Penton Sites Dev Pro SharePoint Pro SQL Server Pro Windows IT Pro IT/Dev Connections myITforum Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News Business Protest Against Immigration Order, Part II – The Minute SOURCE: 3BL Media, LLC DESCRIPTION: The administration’s order that halts travel into the US from some predominantly Muslim countries continues to drive business to protest. Nearly 100 tech companies have filed a friend-of-court brief in a federal appeals court, arguing that the ban hurts their businesses. Big brands among the signees include Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Uber, Twitter, Airbnb, Intel, eBay, Netflix, and Snapchat. Others who signed include Levi Strauss and Chobani. The legal step follows earlier statements of concern by the likes of Expedia, Lyft, Etsy, Starbucks, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, Citibank, BlackRock, Morgan Stanley, Ford, and General Motors. The recent filing notes “immigrants or their children founded more than 200 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list.” As American businesses add up the value of values to their bottom lines, look for more statements from companies on issues of public policy. I’m John Howell for 3BL Media. Video source:  The CSRMinute: Business Protest Against Immigration Order, Part II Tweet me: U.S. companies are protesting the administration’s immigration order. #CSRminute @3blmedia http://bit.ly/2lcm11E KEYWORDS: Business & Trade, CSR Minute CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, general, Legal, Travel, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Home Theater Audio Systems Market Sales Segmentation and Analysis by Recent Trends, Development and Growth by Trending Regions 2017 Next PostNext Noted Security Expert and Author Malcolm Harkins to Host “Protect to Enable” Webinar Series Based on Book Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Lenovo's ThinkPad P71 will work with HTC, Oculus VR headsets Lenovo's ThinkPad P71 will work with HTC, Oculus VR headsets Lenovo's 17-inch ThinkPad P71 will ship in April, with prices starting at $1,849 Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 07 February, 2017 08:52 - - - - print email Comments Lenovo's ThinkPad P71 is one superfast laptop that can work with HTC's Vive and the Oculus Rift VR headsets. It's technically a workstation and is targeted at professionals creating VR content, editing movies, or running engineering applications. Headsets are needed to create VR content. The laptop, which weighs 3.4 kilograms, has a 17-inch screen and is equipped with Intel's latest Xeon E3-v6 mobile chips, based on the Kaby Lake architecture. It can be configured with an Nvidia mobile Quadro GPU like the P5000M, which aid in the content creation and virtual reality experiences. The laptop will be available in April, starting at US$1,849. The laptop by default comes with an HD screen but can be configured with a 4K screen. It also supports a Thunderbolt 3 slot. It supports up to 64GB of DDR4 memory and up to 2TB of storage via four slots. It also has a USB 3.0 port, Mini-DispayPort 1.2 slot, HDMI 1.4, and Gigabit Ethernet slots. The ThinkPad P51 is similar to the P71 with a 15-inch screen, but it isn't VR ready. The P51's price will start at $1,399, and it will ship in April. Lenovo also introduced the ThinkPad P51s, which has a 15-inch screen and will run on Intel's 7th Generation Core processors based on Kaby Lake, a step down in performance compared to Xeon. It has Thunderbolt 3 technology, and it can be configured with a Quadro GPU and a 4K screen. It will ship in March starting at $1,049. 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags LenovoVR More about HTCIntelLakeLenovoNvidiaQuadro Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Three Ways to Get Started with Hadoop CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Four Reasons To Choose Flash Now EMC Isilon Scale-Out Data Lake Foundation Latest Jobs General Manager - Strategy VIC Digital Communications Manager NSW Group Director Information Services WA Big Data/Hadoop Developer ACT IT Project Coordinator VIC Oracle Forms PL/SQL Analyst Programmer QLD Project Manager - Telco VIC Service Desk Analyst - Level 1 VIC Service Designer (CX) NSW Technical Consultant - SQL Server programming skills ACT Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next HPE called out over service “failure” after ATO systems outage ​Australia Post expands online stores with Alibaba deal ​Six Challenges CISOs Will Face in 2017 CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Booted up in 1993, this server still runs -- but not for much longer Market Place Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! CSO Privacy groups claim FBI hacking operation went too far Microsoft unveils a bonanza of security capabilities Recent WordPress vulnerability used to deface 1.5 million pages How to enable WhatsApp's two-step verification Apple's iCloud saved deleted browser records, security company finds Computerworld Muru-D takes on 'more mature' start-ups with new funding model Stop talking shit about broadband speeds, ACCC tells ISPs NetComm Wireless reaps $28 million windfall from NBN FTTC Microsoft hasn't moved the Windows 10 needle in months 'Fileless malware' attacks, used at banks, have been around for years ARN Banking and securities’ IT spend to hit $14.8B in Australia ISPs put on alert over broadband speed claims NetComm’s NBN deal delivers $28m revenue injection ​Day of reckoning still to come despite Dell EMC partner program launch Avnet expands Lenovo partnership with global training deal Techworld Privacy groups claim FBI hacking operation went too far On land and in space, IoT networks can now cover the planet Ford to pump $1B into AI for driverless cars UPS to spend $18M to install 26,000 new solar panels Microsoft unveils a bonanza of security capabilities CMO Best Super Bowl ads were humorous, finds facial tracking research Volkswagen Group unites customer experience and employee engagement insights Report: Australian organisations lack processes and support to be innovative CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 9 February 2017 ​Data Republic partners with koji to boost FMCG data insights Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Digital Trends Home > DT Daily > Note 7 fallout: South Korea will revise battery… Note 7 fallout: South Korea will revise battery scrutiny regulations By Bill Roberson — February 6, 2017 11:37 AM Share Please enable Javascript to watch this video Subscribe on YouTube Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Tech companies weigh in on White House immigration restrictions As the travel restrictions recently implemented by the White House begin to see court challenges, over 90 tech firms have banded together to file an amicus brief in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals to “emphasizes the importance of immigrants in the economy and society,” according to Bloomberg News. Participating companies include Apple, Google, Facebook, AirBNB, Intel, Netflix, Uber, Snap and many more. The filing took place Sunday as the ban, which affects seven Muslim-majority countries, is in limbo as the Trump administration argues to re-implement the restrictions following a ruling by a U.S District judge that, for the moment, lifted the restrictions that had blocked thousands of people from entering the U.S. Signatories to the brief said they recognized the need for security when it comes to immigration, but also said that the ban “will affect many visa holders who work hard here in the United States and contribute to our country’s success.” Is fitness unfit for business? Jawbone is the latest company to announce they are exiting the fitness band market as the niche for the exercise tech continues to shrink. According to Tech Crunch, Jawbone is working to change their business model to focus on the highly profitable professional health care field instead of making low-margin consumer goods, such as fitness bands. However, making that switch will require a lot of up-front investment, and Tech Crunch says Jawbone has burned through nearly a billion dollars in venture capital funds. Will they be able to pull it off? Word is they are trying to raise even more money, so stay tuned. More regulatory wattage to secure all that voltage Following the disaster that was the Samsung Galaxy Note 7, South Korea has announced that there will be new guidelines for battery manufacturing and safety in order to head off a possible repeat of the exploding phone fiasco. A statement from the ministries of Trade, Industry and Technology said there will be greater oversight and more regular inspections of batteries and manufacturing facilities. Other changes include broader reporting of battery problems even if there is no recall, and changes to battery design and testing protocols to make sure the power packs are safe.
Digital Trends Home > Computing > Leaked roadmap shows AMD may release three classes… Leaked roadmap shows AMD may release three classes of Ryzen desktop processors By Kevin Parrish — February 6, 2017 11:51 AM Subscribe Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Why it matters to you If valid, this leaked roadmap is a great way to determine how AMD plans to address the enthusiast market with its new Ryzen desktop processors. The first wave of AMD’s new Ryzen processors are expected to become available at the beginning of March for system builders and boutique PC vendors. However, the company has been rather quiet with regard to the number of available Ryzen desktop processor models and their clock speeds. All we’ve seen thus far is the eight-core sample used in demos, but now we have a supposed leaked list of 17 Ryzen processors AMD intends to introduce this year. According to the list, Ryzen will be divided into three classes: the R7 models serving the top-end range, the mid-range R5 units, and the entry-level R3 units. All R7 processors will have eight cores and 16 threads while all R3 processors will sport four cores and four threads. The R5 range is the largest group of the three, with half consisting of six cores and 12 threads and the other half packed with four cores and eight threads. Here they are: Model Cores Threads Clock Speeds Intel Competitor R7 1800X 8 16 3.0GHz to 3.6GHz Core i7-6900K R7 Pro 1800 8 16 R7 1700X 8 16 Core i7-7700K / 6800K R7 1700 8 16 Core i7-7700 R7 Pro 1700 8 16 R5 1600X 6 12 3.2GHz to 3.5GHz Core i5-7600K R5 Pro 1600 6 12 Core i5-7600 R5 1500 6 12 Core i5-7500 R5 Pro 1500 6 12 R5 1400X 4 8 3.2GHz to 3.5GHz Core i5-7400 R5 Pro 1400 4 8 R5 1300 4 8 R5 Pro 1300 4 8 R3 1200X 4 4 3.1GHz to 3.4GHz R3 Pro 1200 4 4 R3 1100 4 4 R3 Pro 1100 4 4 Notice that each group includes “X” and “Pro” variants. The “X” designation could indicate that the processor is ideal for overclocking even though all Ryzen chips are unlocked. The “Pro” designation could mean that the processor targets workstations and servers in the enterprise market. As an example, AMD tacked on the “Pro” label to its latest APUs targeting businesses in October of 2016 that include AMD’s Secure Processor technology for creating a secure environment throughout the PC. More: Noctua will offer three special edition CPU coolers when AMD’s Ryzen CPUs debut Unfortunately, that’s all we have for the Ryzen lineup. Only a number of these will be provided at launch, presumably the units without the “Pro” designation. OEMs like Dell and HP won’t have solutions ready to purchase at launch, thus business customers will have to wait until sometime after March before new Ryzen-based workstations and servers hit the market. That said, AMD is targeting enthusiasts with the first wave of its Ryzen processors: those who want to build or purchase a high-end desktop or notebook for Ultra HD gaming and other high-performance computing needs. These will be complemented by graphics cards based on AMD’s next-generation Vega chip architecture, which are expected to arrive in the second quarter of 2017. These graphics cards will also target the enthusiast market and compete with Nvidia’s latest GeForce GTX 10 Series graphics cards.
JWC Media Explore more of our great network. Explore more sites. DailyNorthShore Evanston Magazine Country Magazine Forest Bluff Magazine Hinsdale Living Magazine Sheridan Road Magazine Top Ad Your Town Deerfield Glencoe Glenview Highland Park Kenilworth Lake Forest & Lake Bluff Northbrook Northfield Wilmette Winnetka News Schools Police & Fire Obituaries All Stories Features People Sunday Breakfast North Shore Foodie Cartoons All Features Social & Calendar Social Calendar Submit Event Comments & Opinions Comments policy Comments Opinion Sports Sports Features Scoreboard Watching Sports Recaps Sportsfolio Inside The Press Box Youth Sports All Sports Real Estate & Open Houses Real Estate Open Houses North Shore Weekend Hey! Sign up for the Daily North Shore Email Super Bowl Ll: Dan Fietsam by Dan Fietsam • February 6, 2017 Leave a Comment Local admen Gary Doyle, left, and Dan Fietsam. DailyNorthShore asked two local admen to watch Super Bowl Ll with pen and paper or laptop, in addition to whatever they were eating and drinking, and take notes on the moments all eyes were glued to the TV: the commercials. Dan Fietsam is the chief creative officer of Laughlin Constable, a full-service, independent agency with offices in Chicago and Milwaukee. He has held creative leadership positions for several A-list agencies, including BBDO, DDB, Y&R, Leo Burnett and Publicis. His work for Blue Chip brands has garnered every notable award multiple times including Cannes, One Show, D&AD, Communication Arts, three Super Bowls and an Emmy. Dan lives in Lake Bluff with his wife Leah. They have three kids and a pug. Gary Doyle is a group creative director, senior vice president at Cramer Krasselt, the second-largest independent advertising agency in the U.S. Client experience includes Porsche, Edward Jones, Alzheimer’s Association, Disney and Barack Obama. Gary has won almost every industry award there is, but his proudest accomplishment was winning $50 in a fifth-grade band contest selling a cleaner named Drix. He lives in Lake Bluff with wife Lisa. They have three kids and a pug, too. Click here for Gary’s review Super Bowl Ll spots 2017; and keep scrolling below for Dan’s: Dan Fietsam Here we are. The single biggest day in modern marketing. And football. A seismic shift happening over the last five years or so is that most of the spots are not revealed on a single day anymore. In fact, Intel kicked off the Super Bowl season back on January 12. In total this year, 36 brands released their ads before the actual game. And here we are discussing the ads the day after. All in all, the unofficial Super Bowl season now runs, officially, up to 25 days. So when the people around you audibly gasp upon hearing that a 30-second media buy on the big game (not including film production costs and agency creative fees, which together could easily hit the $1 million mark) runs a cool $5 million – divide it by 25 and think about it this way . . . you can have people talking about your Super Bowl spot for a mere $200k a day. If the spot generates attention, of course. Can’t forget about that part. I have had 10 commercials in three different Super Bowls. It’s a very thrilling and unique experience. To put it into context, imagine writing a Facebook post and having over 100 million people see it. You want to get a lot of “likes”, right? Yes, you do. So I’m not the easiest critic of Super Bowl spots. But then, again, neither is anybody. Getting one of the largest audiences in American culture to hand over their attention, their hearts, their minds and their wallets, is no easy task. BEFORE THE GAME I watch the spots in the week leading up to the game. Soon as they are released into the world. Mostly because it’s my job. But also because it’s fun. My favorite spot before this year’s game was the long-form version of the Avocados of Mexico “Secret meeting”. The comedy, timing, writing, delivery and acting are outstanding. So much fun to watch. So many comedic bits that work together and build. The opening alone is hilarious – opens funny and stays funny all the way through. Unfotunately I can’t say the same thing of the shorter version that actually ran in the game. My other pre-game favorite spot was Budweiser “Immigrant”. Political statements aside, this deserves to be a full-on film. Budwesier could pull it off, too. Look, Netflix and Amazon are successfully funding films, why not Budwesier next? We have a movie out about Ray Kroc and McDonald’s. This one could be next. The Squarespace John Malkovich spot almost (almost) made it to one of my pre-game favorites, but not quite. If you know (and love) the movie “Being John Malkovich”, I think you’ll find this spot very funny. But to build a whole spot off that premise is a really faulty foundation. If a viewer doesn’t make that connection, the commercial just plays like that weird actor guy getting really angry at somebody for some product most people won’t recognize. However, the rest of the 36 spots didn’t ring my bell. So I was waiting to see if any of them would play better in the context of the game itself. Maybe by seeing one of the spots in the game, with other people, it would make me like the spots better. Maybe. DURING THE GAME GOOGLE Decent product demo, but no where near as engaging or memorable as their awesome, amazing, famous “Parisian Love” spot from 2010. And for being in the best slot in the game (the first official spot of the Super Bowl comes after kick-off and the first two sets of downs, called slot 1A), pretty darn disappointing. Plus, saying “Alexa” is just more fun than “Ok Google”. MICHELIN Michelin, please don’t come back next year. Please. AVOCADOS BY MEXICO The long-form version released online is a million times more funny. However, this shorter version lost its punch. Sadly fell flat and I was looking forward to seeing it in the game. They had to cut the opening line, which was one of the best. Bummer. HR BLOCK You are paying Jon Hamm and you only show Jon Hamm for five seconds? And not a close-up? Did Watson make that decision for you? SKITTLES Funny. This spot could go on forever. In a good way. Batman next in line? Jon Hamm? Now here’s a reason to have “long-form” version on line. BUSCH Pretty funny. But this would have been a thousand times funnier if they guy on camera would have spoke the “schhhhhhhhhh” schtick instead of a sound effect. NATIONAL PETOLEUM INSTITUTE Any brand that has “petroleum” and “institute” in its name should bypass the Super Bowl. GO DADDY Go Daddy continues their annual sloppy, ADD’ed approach to the Super Bowl. They need serious help. Seriously. LIFEWATER Was it raining paint? What does that have to do with drinking water? INTEL Somewhat ok. But not Super Bowl worthy. Brady does not convert the haters here. AIRBNB Why so serious, Airbnb? You are so much more fun than this. PISTACHIOS Huh? Badly animated elephant on a treadmill? DODGE A very tired idea made worse by a horrible visual effect. T-MOBILE Gronk as a caveman, maybe ok at best. Otherwise giant waste of money going. Most of it going to the Beebs. HONDA Really, really great. Except the Honda part. ytvideo id=”2Di1kqa6fiE”] BAI Funny funny. Everybody will be humming their brand name now. Though we could officially use a Walken ban for at least the next five super Bowls. TIDE Tide has done some funny spots in the Super Bowl. Not this year. I do like Jeffrey Tambor though. Always funny. SPRINT No one outside of advertising gets the switched-spokesperson joke. I’ve had to explain why this is clever to more people than I can count. COCA COLA I’m curious – did we not know that Coke goes well with food?? WEATHER-TECH I am praying to the Ad Gods that this will be the last year we have to endure a Weather-Tech Super Bowl commercial. FEBREEZE Gets points for relevance. Though I think the only people that wait for half time to take a bathroom break are the people who have a spot airing in the game. ALPHA ROMEO The car spots are starting to blend together. TURBO TAX Thank you Turbo Tax. That was funny. And well done. And entertaining. And people at the party liked it and laughed. Out loud. LEXUS The car spots are starting to blend together. SQUARESPACE See my comments about “before the game”. WENDY’S Cold as ice. That’s how this spot left me. 84 LUMBER “The service is unavailable”. That is what the 84 Lumber link said when everybody at my party went to “finish the journey”. See my comments “after the game”. AUDI & MR. CLEAN The adjacent placement of “what should I tell my daughter” message for Audi and “you gotta love a man that cleans” for Mr. Clean was the most interesting and weird cultural collision of the night. SNICKERS Not sure I understood the live spot idea. Bring back Betty White. BUDWEISER Felt like an epic movie trailer. A really good movie. One I would want to watch. T-MOBILE First Beebs, now Martha and Snoop. Sounds like their ad budget is “unlimited”. PERSIL I’m sorry, did I accidently switch to BBC? KIA Melissa hitting the side of the boat is so stupid, it’s funny. IT’S A 10 HAIR Pretty funny spot. For ANY hair care product. I’m sure sales of Head and Shoulders will bounce tomorrow from this. But not It’s A 10. FIJI WATER Unlike Life Water, at least this spot was about water. ALPHA ROMEO Are the car spots starting to blend together? T-MOBILE A BDS&M joke? Really? This brand is all over the place tonight. And not in the good way. NFL Inside these lines. Felt extremely Trumpian. VICKS No one will be talking about Vicks spot after the game. Vicks ran a spot? TURKISH AIRLNES And now for the complete opposite world view of “inside these lines”. Felt very Hillarian. BUD LIGHT Well, it’s hard to review Bud Light Super Bowls somewhat objectively. But using the ghost of a 30-year-old Ghost Spuds in a re-work of “Scrooge” doesn’t seem extremely funny to me. I did like the actor in the spot, however. And I thought “sad bacon legs” was a pretty funny line. So maybe it’ll catch and Spuds will live on. T-MOBILE Ok, so the BDS&M is now combined with phone sex. At least T-Mobile seems to have some consistency now. MERCEDES Cohen Brothers. Steppenwolf. Peter Fonda. All that talent and they can’t make a good commercial. SPRITE I’m not going to tell you to like this commercial just like Lebron is not going to tell you to drink a Sprite 20 times in 30 seconds. KFC Finger licking gold. Very funny. AFTER THE GAME This year, Overtime and the Patriots won the Super Bowl. It’s the main thing everyone will be talking about. Then, coming in close second is Lady Gaga. I really really really really wish comedy would come back to the Super Bowl. Comedy that’s funny. We did see a trend of “political-leaning” spots but not as many lightening rod spots as we’ve had the last couple of years. No “imported from Detroit” or “God made a Farmer”. Lady Gaga did more “uniting” of the country with her opening than any commercial did. A bigger trend was the year of Super Bowl Trailer. But not a Movie Trailer. A Commercial Trailer. As in a lot of the spots were merely a 30- or 60-second trailers of their longer-form version online. 84 Lumber. Snickers. Squarespace. Avocados from Mexico. Yes, these days you need additional content, longer versions and all the other social media support and supplemental content. But in all that, you can’t forget to make a commercial that holds together, and captures the audience’s attention, DURING the game. Not just send them to watch the “real” longer commercial somewhere else. Did I mention I wish comedy would make a comeback? « Previous Post Next Post » Mobile ad container – below post Today’s top Stories Police Nab HP Shooting... Written by Adrienne Fawcett February 10 2017 HIGHLAND PARK – Police apprehended a man suspected of shooting a driver who was seated in his car in the… Read More Group Forms To Back... Written by Steve Sadin February 10 2017 NORTHBROOK/GLENVIEW — A citizens group formed to support a referendum for a new Maple School serving students in Northbrook and… Read More Mobile Ads Second Recently Added Police Nab HP... by Adrienne Fawcett February 10 2017 HIGHLAND PARK – Police apprehended a… Read More Group Forms To... by Steve Sadin February 10 2017 NORTHBROOK/GLENVIEW — A citizens group formed… Read More From Elawa Farm... by Steve Sadin February 10 2017 NORTHBROOK — Home cooking has multiple… Read More Insider: What’s Behind... by Faith Fietsam February 10 2017 Lake Forest High School is the… Read More Goddard School Pairs... by Kemmie Orquiz February 10 2017 From December 1 through January 23,… Read More LF-LB Historical Society... by DNS Contributor February 10 2017 LAKE FOREST – The Lake Forest-Lake… Read More Mobile Ads Third Recent Comments Opinion: NT Seminar Day is for... (3) By KelluMy son attended the seminar last year and thought it was engaging. He is looking forward to the program this year. Sorry to hear students felt forced to attend; I have been impressed with the quality and content of many of NTs programs and speakers. Read More Older » Mobile Ads Fourth Category ads Post Ads Post a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Daily North Shore encourages comments, but we have specific guidelines that you can find here. A general principle is: Do not state anything in a comment that you would not say in public and do not state anything about another person that you would not say to his or her face. Name * Email * Website Notice: It seems you have Javascript disabled in your Browser. In order to submit a comment to this post, please write this code along with your comment: cdb8da41f70ec725ef395b72b841cfaa Post comment mobile ad section Footer One About Advertise Contact Us Footer Two Send News Send Opinion Social Follow Us Copyright © 2016. All Rights reserved.
Don't Miss: CW@50: A look back at Y2K in cartoons 5 new threats to your personal data Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Drive cloning in Windows 10 with free tools The IT-business gap remains 10 ways tech pros can take charge of their professional development Review: Microsoft's Nano Server offers mega advantages More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home IT Management Opinion by Preston Gralla Trump’s travel ban is a war on tech Immigration has helped the U.S. tech industry, but it’s not just self-interest that’s causing the industry to fight the ban By Preston Gralla | Follow Contributing Editor, Computerworld | Feb 6, 2017 11:46 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Carlos Barria, Reuters More like this Tech companies come out swinging against immigration ban Trump immigration ban means a war with tech Silicon Valley speaks up against intolerance Video Smart Cities: New York Opinion by Preston Gralla Silicon Valley speaks up against... How the tech industry helped elect... It’s time to regulate baby monitors Old and in the way Microsoft’s tin ear for privacy Where Clinton and Trump stand on tech... Microsoft misjudges millennials,... How Windows 10 became malware Amazon Prime and the racist algorithms Is Zuckerberg selling his soul for... Show More President Trump’s ban on people from certain Muslim countries entering the U.S. is not just a war on the Constitution and on core American values; it’s also a war on technology. And the technology industry is fighting back. It’s a well-worn cliché to say that we’re a nation of immigrants, but one look at the tech industry shows how true that is. At every level, from top executives on down, immigrants have helped build the tech economy. Google co-founder Sergey Brin, who emigrated from Russia, participated in protests against Trump’s Muslim ban, saying, “I’m here because I’m a refugee.” Google CEO Sundar Pichai is an immigrant, as is Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella. Microsoft says that 76 of its employees are from countries under Trump’s ban, and the company has come out strongly against it, saying in a statement, “We believe the executive order is misguided and a fundamental step backwards. There are more effective ways to protect public safety without creating so much collateral damage to the country’s reputation and values.” Google said at least 187 of its employees were affected and released a statement saying, “We’re concerned about the impact of this order and any proposals that could impose restrictions on Googlers and their families, or that could create barriers to bringing great talent to the U.S.” The company went well beyond that and set up a $4 million fund to fight Trump’s executive order. The money will go to the ACLU, the Immigrant Resource Center, the International Rescue Committee and Mercy Corps. And after the Muslim ban was announced, the “Google doodle” on Google’s home page was of Fred Korematsu, an American civil rights activist who had battled against the U.S. internment of Japanese during World War II. From Lyft to Facebook to Apple, at Airbnb, Netflix, Intel, Twitter and beyond, the tech industry is nearly unanimous in criticizing the ban. Nearly 100 companies from technology and other industries filed a friends-of-the-court brief in support of a restraining order on Trump’s decision to restrict the entry of visitors from seven Muslim-majority countries. Immigration is good for the industry because it helps bring the best and brightest tech talent in the world to the U.S. But in fighting the ban so publicly and vociferously, the industry is going beyond self-interest, because it faces blowback from Trump. Trump has repeatedly gone after companies that disagree with him, with serious consequences. [ To comment on this story, visit Computerworld's Facebook page. ] It’s good to see the tech industry fight back against intolerance. As I wrote in my previous column, there’s plenty else the industry can do, including refusing to cooperate with any effort to create a database of Muslims in the U.S. More than 3,800 tech professionals have signed a petition toward that end at Neveragain.tech. And Facebook, Apple, Google, Twitter, Uber, IBM and Microsoft said they won’t work on it as well. This issue is personal for me. I’m Jewish, and my grandparents all emigrated from Poland and Russia. After Trump issued his order, I reread an interview one of my uncles did with my paternal grandfather about how he had desperately crossed borders and continents to get here in the early 1920s, hopscotching from Poland to Germany to Belgium to the Netherlands to Mexico, paying smugglers along the way, before managing to make his way into the U.S. Back then, Europe was in crisis after World War I, awash in refugees looking for safe harbor, just as the Middle East is today. Change my grandfather’s religion and the geography he crossed, and you’ll find that his story is being played out today countless times. Look into your own family history. There’s a good chance you’ll find similar stories. My grandfather came to a nation that tried to ban him, just as Trump’s administration is doing to Muslims. The Immigration Act of 1924 targeted Jews by restricting immigration into the U.S. from countries that had large numbers of Jewish emigrants wanting to come here. It also banned Asians and restricted immigration from Italy and Slavic countries. When I was growing up decades later, however, I thought we had left that kind of racism and religious targeting behind. Clearly, I was wrong. My grandfather made his life here as a baker. But many of his descendants have gravitated toward the STEM fields. We’re scientists, tech journalists, engineers, developers and other tech professionals — exactly the kind of people who helped build America’s scientific and technology dominance. Many of the people Trump wants to ban are in the STEM fields as well. In Massachusetts, where I live, at least two MIT students, one from Syria and one from Iraq, weren’t allowed back into the country. An Iranian Ph.D. student at Worcester Polytechnic Institute was banned as well. Two professors of engineering at the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth were initially banned from re-entering the U.S. because they are Iranian. Eventually, lawyers intervened and they were let in. All this shows that Trump’s Muslim ban is an assault on technology as well as the Constitution. That’s one reason the tech industry is fighting back. But another reason is that it’s the right thing to do. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: IT Management Preston Gralla is a contributing editor for Computerworld and the author of more than 45 books, including Windows 8 Hacks (O'Reilly, 2012) and How the Internet Works (Que, 2006). Prices still climbing for enterprise mobility management software Opinion by Preston Gralla Previous Next Silicon Valley speaks up against intolerance How the tech industry helped elect Donald Trump It’s time to regulate baby monitors Old and in the way Microsoft’s tin ear for privacy Where Clinton and Trump stand on tech issues Microsoft misjudges millennials, spectacularly How Windows 10 became malware Amazon Prime and the racist algorithms Is Zuckerberg selling his soul for Facebook access to China? Apple’s encryption stand: Doing the right thing for the wrong reason Microsoft sees silver lining in clouded Windows Is this the worst Internet law ever? Technology can reduce gun violence Is the Adpocalypse upon us? Windows 10: Public enemy No. 1, or an OS like any other? Windows 10: Microsoft lays its smartphone ambitions to rest The Internet of Things: Your worst nightmare Broadband for all Europe’s war against U.S. tech is wrongheaded Tech’s peculiar relationship with social justice We’ve got net neutrality. Now the real work begins. HoloLens: Look who’s innovating 2015 is make or break for Microsoft In Silicon Valley, do the jerks always win? Can the iPhone 6 really defeat the NSA? What Gamergate says about the tech industry The antipathy toward women expressed in the Gamergate dispute reflects uncomfortable truths about... Currently reading Trump’s travel ban is a war on tech You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Popular Resources White Paper 2015 Latin American Mid-Market Enterprise Communications Platforms Growth Excellence Leadership Award Research/Infographic Sponsored 4 Steps to E-Rate Simplification Research/Infographic Sponsored 5 Ways Cloud Changes Everything Video/Webcast Sponsored Best Practices in Managing Digital Media Rights for the Connected World White Paper Big Data, Bad Data, Good Data: The Link Between Information Governance and Big Data Outcomes Go Top Stories Ford to invest $1B in A.I. startup toward self-driving cars Ford plans to invest $1 billion over the next five years in Argo AI, an artificial intelligence startup... Trump eyes end to an H-1B system that favors largest outsourcers The companies most hurt by the random H-1B distribution system are those that submit only a few... Review: Samsung Chromebook Pro brings touch computing up a notch The Samsung Chromebook Pro is a convertible laptop/tablet that comes with an excellent touch display... How to root out bias in your data Analytics is a top priority for savvy CIOs. But if implicit biases are hiding under the surface of your... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
February 10, 2017 | 76° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Features Super Bowl drones were Disney Springs twins By Dewayne Bevil, Orlando Sentinel Posted February 06, 2017 February 6, 2017 Updated February 7, 2017 10:29am COURTESY NFL In this screen capture from video provided by the NFL, drones are used at the start of Lady Gaga’s Super Bowl performance on Feb. 5 in Houston, Tex. The drones are the same model used for a “Starbright Holidays” show seen nightly over the waterways of Disney Springs at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Fla. from mid-November to early January. ASSOCIATED PRESS Lady Gaga performs during halftime of Super Bowl LI in Houston, Tex. on Feb. 5. She opened her performance with hundreds of drones hovering behind her in an American Flag formation. COURTESY DISNEY Drones used at the start of Lady Gaga's Super Bowl performance on Feb. 5 were the same model used for a “Starbright Holidays” show seen nightly over the waterways of Disney Springs at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Fla. from mid-November to early January. ORLANDO, Fla. >> In the skies behind Lady Gaga at the beginning of her Super Bowl halftime show on Feb. 5 were sights that might be familiar to Disney Springs visitors. Hundreds of drones hovered in the background, forming an American flag above Houston. They are the same model — the Intel Shooting Star — that was used for the “Starbright Holidays” show that was seen nightly over the waterways of Disney Springs from mid-November to early January. The Disney and the Super Bowl shows both used 300 drones for their aerial designs. At Disney World, they made holiday-inspired formations, including a Christmas tree and a dove. That production lasted for about seven minutes. Intel says the Super Bowl performance was the highest the Shooting Star drones have flown. The company got a waiver from the FAA to fly its units at 700 feet. At Disney, the drones reached heights of 400 feet. All 300 drones can be controlled by one computer and one drone pilot, Intel said. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Tata out as Kahuku football head coach Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson joins critics of Under Armour CEO’s Trump remark Ward Warehouse to close in August Former UH professor rules against Trump ‘Inhumans’ TV series to be filmed in Hawaii No comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. Because only subscribers are allowed to comment, we have your personal information and are able to contact you. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. To report comments that you believe do not follow our guidelines, email commentfeedback@staradvertiser.com. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish New Lenovo Mobile Workstations At SOLIDWORKS World 2017 By Hubert Nguyen on 02/06/2017 11:54 PST The Lenovo ThinkPad P51 As SOLIDWORKS World 2017 opens, Lenovo is announcing three new mobile workstations laptops with the ThinkPad P51s, ThinkPad P51, and ThinkPad P71. All three have common traits such as 4K UHD display, NVIDIA Quadro graphics processor, and Intel processors. All workstations can pass some MIL-Specs endurance, and without further details from Lenovo, we will assume that these are the MIL-810G transit drop tests. They target different segments of the portable workstation market. ThinkPad P51s The Lenovo ThinkPad P51s is designed to be light and portable. With its Thunderbolt support, it can be connected to large storage devices without experiencing much storage performance issues. Thunderbolt is also very convenient because it enables a one-connector (+power) docking experience that connects the laptop to displays, network, additional USB and more. Interestingly, the rear battery of the ThinkPad P51s is hot-swappable, giving it a virtual unlimited mobility, if you can manage the logistics of charging batteries fast enough (the front battery is fixed). Places like hospitals often use hot swappable batteries, but they are not the only ones. Specs highlight Core i7 (gen 7), 64 GB RAM (DDR4-2133) 2xSODIMM NVIDIA Quadro M520M (Maxwell architecture) 1x SSD (1TB NVMe) + 1x HDD (1TB 5400rpm) 32 Whr Front battery + 24-72 Whr rear battery 3x USB 3.0, 1x USB C (Thunderbolt), 1x HDMI 1.4 (out), 1x RJ45 Gb Ethernet FHD, FHD Touch, 4K UHD displays 3 Lbs, 365.8 x 252.8 x 19.95-20.2mm ThinkPad P51 The ThinkPad P51 (no s) is a slightly larger, more powerful, computer that boasts a 4KUHD display that has better color reproduction and comes with a color calibrator. The ThinkPad P51 has nearly 2.5X the graphics horsepower of the lighter P51s because it uses a more powerful GPU with almost 3X as many compute cores. It can also host a much larger SSD drive (2TB max) and more RAM (4x 16GB), so those who work on large files can do so comfortably.The P51 has desktop-level computing power in a 5.5 Lbs form-factor. It P51 does not have a removable battery, and buyers can opt for the 66 Whr or 90 Whr version (this one may protrude). Specs highlight Xeon E3-v6 or Core i7 (gen 7) 64 GB RAM (DDR4-2400) 4xSODIMM NVIDIA Quadro M2200M (Maxwell architecture) 1x SSD (2TB NVMe) + 1x HDD (1TB unknown rpm) 66-90 WHr battery 4x USB 3.0, 1x Intel Thunderbolt 3, 1x HDMI 1.4 (out), 1x RJ45 Gb Ethernet, 1x Docking, 1x Expresscard FHD, FHD Touch, 4K UHD displays 6 Lbs, 377.4 x 252.3 x 24.5 – 25.9 ThinkPad P71: VR Ready As its name indicates, the Lenovo ThinkPad P71 is the largest and most powerful (and heavy) of this new batch of workstations. Obviously, its 17” size makes it much larger and more comfortable to work on, but that comes with a 7.6 Lbs weight. Inside, the biggest difference is the Quadro P5000M GPU, which is the most powerful available for workstations today. As such, this makes the ThinkPad P71 a “VR-Ready” workstation, like most computers that are equipped with NVIDIA’s Pascal-based GPUs. This ThinkPad P71 also comes with a color calibrator, although Lenovo does not have any specific claims on its color gamut performance. It is typically excellent in this market segment, but we will have to look at the more detailed specs when they become available. Specs highlight Xeon E3-v6 or Core i7 (gen 7) 64 GB RAM (DDR4-2400) 4xSODIMM NVIDIA Quadro P5000M (Pascal architecture) 1x SSD (2TB NVMe) + 1x HDD (2TB unknown rpm) + Optical drive or 1TB HDD 96 WHr battery 4x USB 3.0, 1x Intel Thunderbolt 3, 1x HDMI 1.4 (out), 1x RJ45 Gb Ethernet, 1x Docking, 1x Expresscard + 1x SmartCard FHD, 4K UHD displays 7.6 Lbs, 416 x 275.5 x 29.9 – 31.5 Filed in Computers. Read more about Lenovo. Related Articles 2017-02-08 Into the Wild: An Immersive Adventure at ArtScience Museum in Singapore Delivered on the Lenovo Phab 2 Pro with Tango 2017-02-05 Lenovo Announces Yoga A12 Android Tablet 2017-02-02 Lenovo Tab3 8 Plus Images Leaked 2017-01-30 New Lenovo Tablet Specs Revealed 2017-01-15 New Motorola Phones Will Be Announced Next Month Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Hasbro Is Letting You Vote For Monopoly’s New Tokens Online Nintendo Hid A Message For Hackers In The NES Classic Final Fantasy XV Glitch Exposes Unexplored, Unused Areas In The Game Razer Confirms Two Prototypes Were Stolen At CES Valve Apparently Prototyped Half-Life 3 As An RTS User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe Streaming Reference What Is Kodi? Everything You Need to Know by Don Reisinger Feb 6, 2017, 11:42 AM Kodi has slowly but surely made an impression on anyone who wants to share content around the home. The service has actually been available since 2002, when it was known as the Xbox Media Player. In 2003, it became the Xbox Media Center, which it remained until 2014. Then the XBMC Foundation, which works behind the scenes to deliver the service, renamed it Kodi. Regardless of the name, Kodi provides access to streaming media content, including videos and music, and it offers a way to store and watch that content around the home. Better yet, it works across just about every major operating system and across hundreds of devices. By all measures, Kodi is a compelling option if you want to access and store content, but it’s also a big question mark for many folks. This FAQ will aim at answering the many questions you might have about Kodi, and help you decide whether it’s the right option for you. What Is Kodi, Anyway? Kodi is an open source software media center, allowing you to access all kinds of content, including videos and music. You can run that content on any device of your choosing, including your TV, laptop, phone, tablet and others. Kodi comes with its own user interface and works with both local and network storage services you’re already using. Be aware, though, that it doesn’t come with content out of the box. There are also some third-party add-ons you can use to enhance your Kodi experience. MORE: The Best Streaming Video Services for Cord Cutters What Can Kodi Do? If you’re talking about entertainment, it might better to ask what Kodi can’t do. On the music front, Kodi can play a slew of formats, including AAC, MP3, and OGG. It also comes with smart playlists and the ability to tag different tracks. With video, Kodi works with ISO, 3D, and H.264, among other formats, and can also stream content over the Internet. Once you import the films, Kodi can add posters, fan art, trailers, video extras, and more to each item. Not surprisingly, Kodi also works with TV shows, allowing you to store your favorite programming in the service. The TV shows section supports posters and tags, and will give you show descriptions and actors. If you’re looking to stream your pictures, Kodi can do that, too. It lets you import images into a library and start a slideshow, among other features. And just in case it’s live television you’re after, Kodi lets you stream and record live TV from its software. In order to do it, though, you’ll need to use one of many backend services that support that, including MediaPortal, MythTV, TVheadend, and NextPVR. How Does Kodi Work? Kodi is designed to run on Android, iOS, Linux, macOS, Windows, and Raspberry Pi, meaning you can put it on all your devices and access your content whenever and wherever you are. You can also run it on televisions and set-top boxes and streaming devices. Once it’s running on your devices, you’ll see a banner that lets you choose Pictures, Videos, Music, and more. Simply go to what you want and upload the content of your choosing. Your content will need to be stored somewhere locally or on a network drive that you might be able to access around your house and, potentially, from afar. Kodi will catalog all of your content and make it easily accessible on all the devices where the software is installed. How Do I Get Set Up? Kodi has a handy Wiki that gives you a step-by-step guide on how to get its service up and running. But first, you’ll need to ensure you’re running a device with one of the aforementioned operating systems installed. If so, simply download the software and boot it up. You’ll then be tasked with adding content to the service. Note that Kodi was designed to be used in the living room, so you can also set up your remote control to work with the system. Again, you’ll need to link the remote control to Kodi and you should be all set. And just in case you want to extend the service’s features, check out the available Add-Ons, which offer a slew of opportunities to make Kodi better. But beware: in order to get Kodi running on iOS, you’ll need a jailbroken iPhone, iPad, or iPod Touch, or one of those devices running iOS 5.1.1 or higher and a Mac running Xcode 7 or higher to install the software. In other words, getting it on iOS might not be so simple. MORE: Your Guide to Cable TV Cord-Cutting Which Devices Does Kodi Support? Rather than list out all the devices that support Kodi, the XBMC offers basic hardware and software requirements to let you know whether it’ll work. As mentioned, iOS users will have the best chance of running Kodi on their iPhones or iPads if their device is jailbroken. On the Android side, however, you’ll need only to be running Android 4.2 or later and install the app through the Google Play marketplace. Kodi also works with the fourth-generation Apple TV. If you want to run Kodi on Linux, you’ll need an Intel Pentium 4 or newer and an Intel GMA 950 graphics card or better. You should also have 4GB of hard drive space available. On the Mac side, expect to get Kodi up and running on Mac OS X 10.7 (Lion) or newer. Windows users will need Windows Vista or newer on their devices to run Kodi. If you’re hoping to get Kodi running on other hardware, like televisions and other devices, you’ll need to check this Wiki for which software you might need and how to make it happen. Can Kodi Stream Live TV? You bet. But it’ll take a little work. Kodi comes with a personal video recorder, allowing you to record and store live content. However, in order to get that up and running, you’ll need to connect the PVR to a backend TV server that can stream live television and record content over the Internet. Kodi works with a large number of PVR backends, and you’ll need to choose the right one for the operating system on your device. Again, Kodi has a handy Wiki to fill you in on all the options for each operating system. Can Kodi Replace Cable? Sure, why not? Kodi has all the features you’d need to replace your cable box, like the ability to stream and record live TV, as well as house content you’ve downloaded and like. However, it doesn’t come with on-demand content out of the box, so if you care about that, Kodi might not be the best solution. Like any other potential cord-cutting app, Kodi’s value comes down to how you plan to use it. MORE: Best Devices to Sling Your Phone or Tablet to a TV Screen What Kind of Add-Ons Are Available? Kodi comes with a wide array of add-ons that are designed to enhance the overall experience of using the service. Its add-ons run the gamut of features, from simple screensavers and weather apps to tools that let you enhance your program-viewing experience. On the video front, you’ll find several channels, like Bravo, ABC Family, and DIY Network, that can be added to the service. There are also apps to stream podcasts, like the Apple iTunes Podcasts option, as well as programs that will display lyrics with each song you play. You can even keep track of what’s happening on social media with a Twitter Feed add-on. The add-ons are designed by independent developers who have nothing to do with the XBMC Foundation. So, your mileage may vary, and it might be best to check out the Kodi forums and other places to ensure the app you’re about to download is really legitimate and works as you want. Which Remote Controls Work With Kodi? Kodi comes with support for “hundreds of remotes.” In fact, the service itself was designed with a “10-foot interface,” a feature that the XBMC Foundation says made it an ideal solution for the living room. In other words, there’s a good chance that your existing remote will work with the service. Kodi has a handy list of supported devices. They include MCE remotes that work with Windows or Linux, RF remotes, CEC and game controllers. You can also use smartphones, control systems that manage your lights and other products, and keyboards to work your way around the software. Even the Apple TV remote will work with Kodi. Is Kodi Legal? Yep, Kodi is legal. In fact, Kodi is a blank canvas, offered as-is, allowing you to do what you want with your entertainment. So when you download Kodi and get it up and running, it’s perfectly legal. However, Kodi can technically be used to house illegally obtained copyrighted content. Is Kodi Safe? Kodi should be safe out of the box and shouldn’t cause you any trouble. However, add-ons might be a different story. There’s a possibility that some add-ons may not be stable or could create trouble on your hardware. Therefore, it’s a good idea to check their quality before you download. Kodi has a forum of other users that can help you out. MORE: Streaming Netflix? Here's the Best Stuff to Watch Is Kodi Worth Using? Kodi’s appeal all comes back to how you plan to use the service. If you’re looking for a way to access and stream content like movies, television shows, photos, and music, to all the devices in your home, Kodi is a winner. But if you’re looking for a standalone streaming service for accessing content with little or no fuss, Kodi probably isn’t right for you. Kodi is ideally suited for those who have some knowledge of software and how to get content from disparate services into one place. There are some helpful Wikis and other instructional guides to aid you while you deploy Kodi, but you’ll need to have some technical know-how. Photo composite credit: Jeremy Lips/Tom's Guide See Also : 15 Best TV Apps About the author Don Reisinger Read more Streaming Add a comment Comment Firstname Submit Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the Audio forum about this subject Title Title Subject Publish 1 comment Your comment SR-71 Blackbird Feb 6, 2017, 11:45 AM Kodi Bricked my last Firestick ,I was bummed. 0 Comment Firstname Submit Latest in Streaming Round-Up 9 Best Songs to Stream Right Now Round-Up The Best Super Bowl 2017 Tech Commercials by Michael Andronico Feb 6, 2017, 4:41 AM Reference Smart TVs: Everything You Need to Know by John R. Quain Feb 3, 2017, 12:48 PM Round-Up Hulu Streaming Guide: Best Movies and TV Shows On Now by Sean Captain Feb 2, 2017, 2:44 PM News Comcast Will Let You Use Roku as a Cable Box, With a Catch by Don Reisinger Feb 2, 2017, 9:17 AM Round-Up Amazon Prime Streaming Guide: Best Movies and TV Shows by Sean Captain Feb 2, 2017, 9:10 AM Reference Where to Watch the Super Bowl Online by Michael Andronico Feb 2, 2017, 7:49 AM The Latest On Tom’s Guide Review 10 hr Viewtek Amplified HDTV Antenna: Inexpensive But Unimpre... Round-Up 10 hr Best Dating Apps Deals 11 hr Best Tech Deals of Today: 4K TVs, Tablets, and More Deals 12 hr Amazon Slashes Fitbit Prices by Up to 25 Percent Face-Off 12 hr Xbox One vs. Xbox One S: Which Should You Buy? Round-Up 12 hr 45 Best Amazon Alexa Skills News 13 hr Act Fast: Google's Hard-to-Get Pixel XL Back in Stock Best Picks 13 hr Best Indoor HDTV Antennas of 2017 Best Picks 14 hr Best Cheap and Unlocked Smartphones 2017 Review 16 hr Holisouse 50-Mile HD Antenna: Cheap But Good News 17 hr Galaxy S8 Finally Gets a Launch Window News 17 hr Arby's Credit Card Breach: What You Need to Do Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2017 Purch All Rights Reserved.
Jump to navigation Log in Sign Up Feed Main menu Articles Containers Gaming Hardware 3D printing Arduino Raspberry Pi Law Licensing Patents Linux OpenStack Programming JavaScript Perl Python SysAdmin DevOps Resources Projects and applications Conferences and events Organizations The open source cloud Big data Docker Internet of things Kubernetes Linux containers Microservices OpenStack Software defined networking Open source alternatives Alternatives to Acrobat Alternatives to AutoCAD Alternatives to Dreamweaver Alternatives to Gmail Alternatives to MATLAB Alternatives to Minecraft Alternatives to Picasa Alternatives to Publisher Alternatives to Slack Alternatives to Trello More... eBooks Open Source Yearbook Community Join the community Register Rules for comments and discussions Community Moderator program Community Columnist program Points and badges Editorial calendar Submit your story Writer testimonials Guides for writers Article submission and style guide How to conduct an interview How to enter an article Tips for promoting your Opensource.com article Contributor Club Editorial writing topics About The Open Source Way Meet the team Press kit Contact The Open Org What is an open organization? What is The Open Organization? What is the Open Decision Framework? Twitter chats Open Org FAQs Resources Field guide download Catalyst in Chief download Leaders Manual download Chapter download Discussion guide download Readling list Book club Ambassadors program Meet the ambassadors Search form Search Main menu Articles Containers Gaming Hardware 3D printing Arduino Raspberry Pi Law Linux OpenStack Programming JavaScript Perl Python SysAdmin DevOps Resources Projects and applications Conferences and events Organizations The open source cloud Open source alternatives eBooks Open Source Yearbook Community Join the community Register Rules for comments and discussions Community Moderator program Community Columnist program Points and badges Editorial calendar Submit your story Writer testimonials Guides for writers Article submission and style guide How to conduct an interview How to enter an article Tips for promoting your Opensource.com article Contributor Club Editorial writing topics About The Open Org What is an open organization? What is The Open Organization? What is the Open Decision Framework? Twitter chats Open Org FAQs Resources Field guide download Catalyst in Chief download Leaders Manual download Chapter download Discussion guide download Readling list Book club Ambassadors program How to run PIXEL OS on your desktop About the author Ben Nuttall - Ben Nuttall is the Raspberry Pi Community Manager. In addition to his work for the Raspberry Pi Foundation, he's into free software, maths, kayaking, GitHub, Adventure Time, and Futurama. Follow Ben on Twitter @ben_nuttall. » More about me Learn how you can contribute Try Raspberry Pi's PIXEL OS on your PC Posted 06 Feb 2017 Ben NuttallFeed 14up 6 comments Image credits :  Raspberry Pi Foundation, CC BY-SA Over the last four years, the Raspberry Pi Foundation has put a great deal of effort into optimizing Raspbian, its port of Debian, for Pi hardware, including creating new educational software, programming tools, and a nicer looking desktop. In September, we released an update that introduced PIXEL (Pi Improved Xwindows Environment, Lightweight), the Pi's new desktop environment. Just before Christmas, we released a version of the OS that runs on x86 PCs, so now you can install it on your PC, Mac, or laptop. Of course, like many well-supported Linux distros, the OS runs really well on old hardware. Raspbian is a great way to breathe new life into that old Windows machine that you gave up on years ago. The PIXEL ISO is available for download from the Raspberry Pi website, and a bootable live DVD was given away on the front of "The MagPi" magazine. We released Raspberry Pi's OS for PCs to remove the barrier to entry for people looking to learn computing. This release is even cheaper than buying a Raspberry Pi because it is free and you can use it on your existing computer. PIXEL is the Linux desktop we've always wanted, and we want it to be available to everyone. Powered by Debian Raspbian, or the x86 PIXEL distro, wouldn't be possible without its construction on top of Debian. Debian has a huge bank of amazing free and open source software, programs, games, and other tools from the apt repository. On the Raspberry Pi, you're limited to packages that are compiled to run on ARM chips. However, on the PC image, you have a much wider scope for which packages will run on your machine, because Intel chips found in PCs have much greater support. What PIXEL contains Both Raspbian with PIXEL and Debian with PIXEL come bundled with a whole host of software. Raspbian comes with: Programming environments for Python, Java, Scratch, Sonic Pi, Mathematica*, Node-RED, and the Sense HAT emulator The LibreOffice office suite Chromium (including Flash) and Epiphany web browsers Minecraft: Pi edition (including a Python API)* Various tools and utilities *The only programs from this list not included in the x86 version are Mathematica and Minecraft, due to licensing limitations. Create a PIXEL live disk You can download the PIXEL ISO and write it to a blank DVD or a USB stick. Then you can boot your PC from the disk, and you'll see the PIXEL desktop in no time. You can browse the web, open a programming environment, or use the office suite, all without installing anything on your computer. When you're done, just take out the DVD or USB drive, shut down your computer, and when you power up your computer again, it'll boot back up into your usual OS as before. Run PIXEL in a virtual machine One way of trying out PIXEL is to install it in a virtual machine using a tool like VirtualBox. This allows you to try out the image without installing it, or you can just run it in a window alongside your main OS, and get access to the software and tools in PIXEL. It also means your session will persist, rather than starting from scratch every time you reboot, as you would with a live disk. Install PIXEL on your PC If you're really ready to commit, you can wipe your old operating system and install PIXEL on your hard drive. This might be a good idea if you're wanting to make use of an old unused laptop. PIXEL in education Many schools use Windows on all their PCs, and have strict controls over what software can be installed on them. This makes it difficult for teachers to use the software tools and IDE (integrated development environment) necessary to teach programming skills. Even online-based programming initiatives like Scratch 2 can be blocked by overcautious network filters. In some cases, installing something like Python is simply not possible. The Raspberry Pi hardware addresses this by providing a small, cheap computer that boots from an SD card packed with educational software, which students can connect up to the monitor, mouse, and keyboard of an existing PC. However, a PIXEL live disc allows teachers to boot into a system loaded with ready-to-use programming languages and tools, all of which do not require installation permissions. At the end of the lesson, they can shut down safely, bringing the computers back to their original state. This is also a handy solution for Code Clubs, CoderDojos, youth clubs, Raspberry Jams, and more. Remote GPIO One of the features that sets the Raspberry Pi apart from traditional desktop PCs is the presence of GPIO pins (General Purpose Input/Output), which allow you to connect electronic components and add-on boards to devices in the real world, opening up new worlds, such as hobby projects, home automation, connected devices, and the Internet of Things. One wonderful feature of the GPIO Zero Python library is the ability to control the GPIO pins of a Raspberry Pi over the network with some simple code written on your PC. PC running x86 PIXEL controlling Pi's GPIO over the network using gpiozero pic.twitter.com/SAfmQsDx3P — Ben Nuttall (@ben_nuttall) December 21, 2016 Remote GPIO is possible from one Raspberry Pi to another or from any PC running any OS, but, of course, with PIXEL x86 you have everything you need pre-installed and it works out of the box. See Josh's blog post and refer to my gist for more information. Further guidance Issue #53 of The MagPi features some great guides for trying out and installing PIXEL, including using the live disc with a persistence drive to maintain your files and applications. You can buy a copy, or download the PDF for free. Check it out to read more. Tags Raspberry Pi, Raspberry Pi column About the author Ben Nuttall - Ben Nuttall is the Raspberry Pi Community Manager. In addition to his work for the Raspberry Pi Foundation, he's into free software, maths, kayaking, GitHub, Adventure Time, and Futurama. Follow Ben on Twitter @ben_nuttall. » More about me Learn how you can contribute Recommended reading Raspberry Pi projects and tutorials wanted: Submit an article 8 fun Raspberry Pi projects to try Getting started with Raspberry Pi What is the Raspberry Pi Foundation? 10 million computers sold Raspberry Pi continues to blaze new trails Build your own Raspberry Pi tornado warning system 6 Comments Don Watkins on 06 Feb 2017 Permalink Wow. This is great Ben. I'm going to download and run in Virtual Box. I also recently bought a new Raspberry PI 3 kit and really enjoyed the new look from Pixel. I'm sharing this article with other ed tech teachers and trainers. reply Vote up! 1 Vote down! 0 Ben Nuttall on 06 Feb 2017 Permalink Great! Glad to hear. Thanks, Don. reply Vote up! 0 Vote down! 0 Jason Diaz on 06 Feb 2017 Permalink Is it really possible to fully install on a PC? As far as I'm aware, you can only run it from a DVD or USB media at the moment. Downside of this is that it uses the SD card for storage, rather than the PC's hard drive. This is handy for a school Pi session on their Windows PCs, but if you want to refurbish an old PC full time, it requires some work to set the hard drive as default, I found. reply Vote up! 0 Vote down! 0 David Roberts on 07 Feb 2017 Permalink "If you're really ready to commit, you can wipe your old operating system and install PIXEL on your hard drive. " Is there a recommended and documented procedure for that? reply Vote up! 0 Vote down! 0 Jason Diaz on 07 Feb 2017 Permalink The closest you can get to commit your computer is this: https://frambuesapiblog.wordpress.com/2017/01/05/how-to-revive-an-old-pc... It's a workaround, but it works. reply Vote up! 0 Vote down! 0 Wb7odyFred on 08 Feb 2017 Permalink I ran Pixel on a PC booted from a USB Flash Drive, surfed the web 3 days with many extra open tabs, windows. Worked beautifully and never crashed on me. Very useful tool to have in YOUR POCKET (the usb flash drive that IS!!) USB Writer tools are good: http://etcher.io or http://rufus.akeo.ie 1.3 Gigabytes is fairly large, yet is Debian 8 Live underneath the PIXEL Desktop Environment. 3 CHEERS for the RaspbianPI.org for making a compatible environment between the ARM and x86 microprocessors. Thank you for marketing and bringing Debian 8 Live and the PIXEL desktop environment to regular people users worldwide!!! PuppyLinux with a PIXEL addition http://murga-linux.com/puppy/viewtopic.php?t=109326&sid=f0c08e5580fa3714... Do you need something smaller like 200 Megabytes? Check out http://www.PuppyLinux.org or http://slacko.eezy.xyz Slacko 6.3.2. Loads its inital ram disk into DRAM memory and is lightening fast. Run Slacko 6.3.2 PuppyLinux right now today as a Frugal Install. Does not change your Windows setup, nor needs partition software for a Frugal Install. Means you can try out PuppyLinux from a USB Flash drive or CD-R disk, with out committing to it. 10 minutes, 2 downloads, 1 USB Flash drive; Test PuppyLinux using a MS Windows computer. http://puppylinux-or-pcbsd.blogspot.com/2016/08/10-minutes-2-downloads-1... Yes, use PIXEL OS for x86 from a USB Flash drive first. That may meet all you needs. When you feel comfortable using Linux, consider Slacko 6.3.2 PuppyLinux from a USB Flash Drive for your older computer. Fred reply Vote up! 0 Vote down! 0 Comment now Login or Register to earn points for your comments. Your name * E-mail * The content of this field is kept private and will not be shown publicly. Accept the Terms of Use to continue. You are licensing your contribution(s) as CC-BY-SA. * Comment * Home page By submitting this form, you accept the Mollom privacy policy. Sign up for Opensource.com news Footer Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Meet the Team Visit opensource.org Find us:  Twitter Facebook Google Plus Instagram Youtube LinkedIn Flickr RSS For more discussion on open source and the role of the CIO in the enterprise, join us at The EnterprisersProject.com. The opinions expressed on this website are those of each author, not of the author's employer or of Red Hat. Opensource.com aspires to publish all content under a Creative Commons license but may not be able to do so in all cases. You are responsible for ensuring that you have the necessary permission to reuse any work on this site. Red Hat and the Shadowman logo are trademarks of Red Hat, Inc., registered in the United States and other countries.
